
                               1 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

Liberals find living in past to their liking

BYLINE: JIM WOOTEN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 793 words


Please, stay away from the Fulton County Courthouse. Your life could be in
danger.

Alarmist? Absolutely. Absurd? Patently. Folderol? Bingo!

And yet that's precisely the argument of the NAACP's board chairman, Julian
Bond, in insisting that --- on voting and elections --- states predominantly in
the South, and a handful of jurisdictions elsewhere, be judged criminal now
because of actions that may have occurred here more than 40 years ago.

At issue is whether to require Alaska, Arizona and seven Southern states ---
Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Texas and all but 11
counties in Virginia --- to get U.S. Justice Department approval for any
proposed change in election law. That provision, presumed to be temporary 41
years ago, expires in September of next year.

Bond argues that if murderers promised not to murder again, laws could be
repealed. But because dead Democrats were bad once, their successors and the
living Republicans who occupy their offices can't be trusted. He offers as
"evidence" that since last renewed in 1982, "the Department of Justice has
objected 80 times to proposed changes in Georgia's voting plans, finding they
were discriminatory."

Of those, two-thirds came in the first decade following reauthorization, as
black and white Democrats jousted for advantage --- Cynthia McKinney's
successful efforts to use the Justice Department to create a congressional
district she could and did win, for example. Only seven have come since 2000.
But declaring an objection does not give it nobility --- Justice has its own
politics and, besides, the numbers are insignificant compared to the thousands
of changes reviewed every year.

The alternative promoted by U.S. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (D-Ga.) and others would
apply the law to the entire nation, or barring that, use the three most recent
presidential elections as a base for determining which jurisdictions are
required to seek preclearance.

The intent here is not so much to argue for the much-needed modernization of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965, but to note the difference in the way liberals and
conservatives approach government.

I've seen it play out repeatedly in public policy debates, whether the issue is
transportation, elections, education or something else.

Bond, in this instance, ties criminality to place, and then imbues the real
estate with venality. Those who occupy it, even in succeeding generations, are
irredeemably and irreversibly bound by its venality --- so therefore, nothing of
the human heart, mind or soul can rise above, or evolve away, from its
corrupting hold. So in 2006 we legislate for a world that existed before most
Americans were born.

Liberals associate behaviors and conditions with geography. In transportation
planning, for example, one legacy of that mind-set is a requirement that
"economic justice" be a factor in determining where transportation dollars are
spent. It's a jibberish concept. But, as it translates out, it means that a spot
of ground once occupied by the poor, by public housing, will forever be --- so
therefore public systems should be designed to move people from where they live
to where jobs are.

Given our mobility and the lead time required for projects --- fixed rail, in
particular --- to come to fruition, chances are that only the most passive and
unemployable will still occupy the ghetto real estate when it's built. And
because jobs move over time, it's planning folly to try to connect the two with
any fixed-transportation system, like MARTA's rail, for example.

Instead --- and this is, again, where liberals and conservatives differ --- the
smart solution is to forget playing "economic justice" power games (which is
what the Voting Rights Act preclearance provisions also engender) and design
market-needs transportation systems.

The notion, though, that conditions, behaviors, values and real estate are
inextricably linked gets us a lot of misdirected government effort and spending.

Add another element --- the element that Julian Bond also reflects --- and we
get even worse public policy. He is one of those folks who are commonplace in
politics and advocacy. That element is an inability to get past childhood
memories. Today's world is seen through yesterday's experiences. It's the way
politicians approach most problems, especially those involving spending, like
public education, which was once money-starved.

We apply solutions to yesterday's problems tomorrow. That's Bond.

* Jim Wooten is associate editorial page editor. His column appears Tuesdays,
Fridays and Sundays.

jwooten@ajc.com

THINKING RIGHT

A blog by columnist Jim Wooten

Our conservative voice has launched a daily Web log called Thinking Right. So
bookmark ajc.com/thinkingright and give Jim a shout-out online!

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 29, 2006



CORRECTION: U.S. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland of Coweta County is a Republican. His
party affiliation was incorrect in Jim Wooten's column in Tuesday's @issue
section.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               2 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            October 29, 2007 Monday

Media: Media FAQ: How rigorous was ITV's phone scandal inquiry?

BYLINE: Steve Hewlett

SECTION: GUARDIAN MEDIA PAGES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 741 words


In a series of uncharacteristically tentative performances, ITV chairman Michael
Grade struggled to explain why no one would be sacked in the wake of Deloitte's
damning report into ITV's mishandling of premium rate phone services. He
defended his decision on the grounds that bad as it undoubtedly was, the report
had been extremely thorough and found no evidence of criminality or "venality".
But looked at more closely, at least two of these claims struggle to bear the
weight of scrutiny.

To take "venality" first. While it may well be true that individual producers
had nothing to gain financially from the various bits of jiggery-pokery, that
can hardly be said for the company.

Remember that, in the wake of the Carlton/Granada merger, ITV was under extreme
pressure to maintain and, if possible, improve its revenues.

The scope for further cost savings was reducing, and the combination of an
advertising recession and the dreaded CRR mechanism (introduced at ITV's own
suggestion as the price of being allowed to merge) pushed the search for new
sources of revenue up the corporate agenda. Top of the list were premium rate
telephone services (PRTS).

Producers were encouraged to dream up as many ways to inject PRTS into
programmes as possible - with GMTV held up as the model to follow at staff
briefings. This became a corporate obsession which even went as far, at one
stage, as considering whether there might be a role for PRTS as part of the
national news. This was rejected, but the schedule began sprouting PRTS at every
opportunity.

And, in the rush to grab the viewers' cash, there was not a thought apparently
for anything resembling a compliance system to make sure people were getting
what they had paid for. As Grade said the other week, there was indeed a
"serious cultural failure within ITV" but this one really did start at the top.
If this wasn't "venality" - albeit of a corporate type - it is hard to know what
is.

Then there's the question of who did benefit financially. Grade refused to be
drawn on the question of which executive bonuses might have been linked to PRTS
revenues. But you can be fairly certain, given the significance of these
revenues to an otherwise struggling company, that some pretty big ones would
have been. Then there is the extent of any producer, talent and production
company shares of PRTS revenues. You can again be fairly certain such
arrangements were in place - and they will have proved pretty lucrative to those
that had them - but ITV refuses to tell us what, who, or how much.

Finally, there's the question of whether Deloitte's report is really as
comprehensive as it at first appears. It says the auditors "considered
information relating to more than 60 ITV series . . .", that they "contacted all
relevant internal and external suppliers of programming. . .", and "carried out
interviews with more than 40 individuals and requested that they raise any
issues of which they may be aware".

It is this last bit that turns out to be the key. In terms of the distressingly
regular habit (seen also over at the BBC) of disregarding viewers' paid-for
choices in favour of options chosen by the producers - albeit we are told with
the aim of maintaining programme quality - how did Deloitte find out it had
happened at all? Had they audited the votes cast for particular candidates (or
songs) against the programme outcomes? Apparently only after someone had fessed
up and told them there might be an issue.

So when asked whether Deloitte had audited programmes other than those singled
out in the report to see whether viewers' paid-for choices were always complied
with, ITV initially declined to discuss the process but later added that they
had, in the end, been dependent on what people involved had chosen to tell them.

So do we know for sure that this kind of thing hasn't happened on The X Factor
or Britain's Got Talent, or any number of other ITV shows? As things stand, no,
we don't. And nor apparently does Michael Grade. We don't know, either, about
anything that might have happened more than two years ago.

But given that the practice - all in the cause of not letting stupid viewers
spoil good shows, no doubt - appears fairly widespread in the TV entertainment
fraternity, at least, it must surely be worth a proper look. Then, perhaps,
Grade can get back to the brilliant job he's doing of reinvigorating ITV.

Email your questions for our agony uncle to media.faq@guardian.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Bored by the monotony and venality of life as a professional athlete

BYLINE: Paul Doyletheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1543 words

ABSTRACT

In today's Fiver: Nicklas Bendtner, Lee Clark giving it the full Ketsbaia, and
the letters rollover stops here

FULL TEXT

TAXI FOR BENDTNER? ERM, MAYBE NOT

Taxi Driver is a 1976 movie about an unstable Vietnam veteran who gradually
becomes overwhelmed by the complexity and venality of life in New York and
decides, in true all-American tradition, that the best way to restore order is
to go and shoot someone. It's considered a classic film but no sequel has ever
been made. Until now. Taxi Passenger is a 2014 romp about an unreliable Premier
League footballer who regularly becomes bored by the monotony and venality of
life as a professional athlete and decides, in true Nicklas Bendtner tradition,
that the best way to restore his reputation is to go make an utter galoot of
himself.

According to the Danish newspaper BT, the events that gave rise to the grim
farce occurred in Copenhagen on Tuesday night. It seems that moments after
Bendtner's Arsenal team-mates finished fighting unsuccessfully for their Big Cup
lives against Bayern Munich, Bendtner and other chums began fighting
unsuccessfully with a stationary vehicle. We say fighting, but what Bendtner is
actually alleged to have done is unbutton his trousers and rub himself against a
taxi before whipping it with his belt and calling the driver a "little wh0re",
which might have been considered k1nky if Bendtner, who last November was
cautioned by police following a violent misunderstanding with a door, had
invited the car to dinner beforehand or perhaps serenaded it a little. Alas, it
seems the preliminaries were rather less romantic.

"They were pretty drunk," said the owner of the wronged cab about Bendtner and
the player's pals. "I got out of the car to put the bike stand on the back of
the cab, and Bendtner and two of the others climbed into the back seat. When I
sat back down I saw that the taxi radio had been kicked loose and was dangling
down. They'd also taken some of my personal belongings that had been lying
between the seats and, when I asked to have them back, Bendtner completely
freaked out. He said that, if he was not so famous, he would have smacked me,
and he called me a 'little fat pig'. I asked him to leave the car - I had to ask
them three times, and said I'd have to call the police if they didn't." It was
then that things are alleged to have taken a turn for the weird. "He stood at
the back of the car and rubbed up against the side window after unbuttoning his
pants while he whipped the cab with his belt and shouted he wanted to '[eff]
me'," explained the driver. "I've had drunks and alcoholics in my cab in
Copenhagen over the last 25 years, but I've never experienced anything like
this."

Arsenal are investigating the report and Bendtner has yet to make any public
comment on the matter so, for the time being, let us refer back to what Bendtner
said in an interview with another Danish organ, Jyllands-Posten, earlier this
month. "I have, for example, talked to clubs who say they have heard this or
that story about me," gurgled Bendtner back then. "So I have to tell them that
is not true. Of all the things that I have been associated with, I have only
done one thing wrong and that was in Copenhagen [an arrest for drink driving].
Regardless of this, I have, bit by bit, in people's eyes been made into a
psychopath." Perhaps we should treat reports about Bendtner with scepticism.
And, indeed, comments from Bendtner.

LIVE ON BIG WEBSITE TONIGHT

Join Scott Murray from 6pm GMT for a Big Vase clockwatch, while Paul Doyle will
be on hand at 8pm GMT for MBM coverage of Tottenham 1-2 Benfica.

QUOTE OF THE DAY

"The referee mocked Paul [Robinson] about the scoreline. It's totally
unacceptable. When my skipper is fighting the way he does, the fans are turning
up to watch, and I'm working hard as I am to keep us in the league and you get
mocked, it is unacceptable. This is people's livelihoods. You can't have that" -
Birmingham manager Lee Clark reveals why he gave it the full Ketsbaia after
Federico Macheda's face-saving late equaliser against Burnley.

FIVER LETTERS

"If Mesut Özil is suffering from umlaut-knack (yesterday's Fiver), it might be
kind to rest the umlaut and refer to him as Oezil for a few weeks? I noticed
that Fifa has already decided to take this approach. Then again, Fifa appears to
be suffering from accent-knack generally, possibly brought on by knocking out
their webpages on an old typewriter" - Robert Minchin.

"It would appear that after his close encounter with a taxi, Nicklas Bendtner is
a fan of JG Ballad's Crash. I'm looking forward to him recreating other
vignettes from the great man's oeuvre, especially his 1970 work The Atrocity
Exhibition. A title which sums Bendtner up perfectly" - Matt Emerson.

"I was shocked and surprised to see that an idea generated by the Fiver (or more
specifically, its readers), namely the proposed Phillipa Suarez/Glenn Leete hot
date in Monaco trying out every seat in the Stade Louis II Stadium (Fiver
letters passim), has been adopted by the (it's safe to assume) less photogenic
coupling of Messrs Savage and Shearer, who are doing a copycat exercise at
Wembley for Sport Relief. Can the Fiver not sue for copyright, or at the very
least get a cut of the proceeds and let Suarez and Leete have a rare old time of
it while in Monte Carlo?" - Gary Brenner.

"May I express my concern for Ryan Slattery (yesterday's Fiver letters) who
seemed extremely upset about not getting chosen for letter o' the day. Having
said that, can I be the first of 1,057 to point out to him that his metaphor
regarding the lottery is erroneous since, if the winning selection was purely a
game of luck, the quality in his letter or lack thereof would have little
bearing on whether he won the prize. Though given the Fiver's sense of humour,
he may after all be completely correct" - James Taylor (and no others).

"Do you actually have any copies of Falling for Football or are you going to
keep rolling over the prize ad infinitum as some sort of letter-attracting Ponzi
scheme?" - Tom Brazear.

· Send your letters to the.boss@theguardian.com. And if you've nothing better to
do you can also tweet the Fiver. Today's winners of our letters o' the day are:
Robert Minchin and Matt Emerson, who each win a copy of the very enjoyable
Falling for Football, courtesy of the kind gents at Magic Spongers. We'll have
another copy to win on Friday.

JOIN GUARDIAN SOULMATES

We keep trying to point out the utter futility of advertising an online dating
service "for interesting people" in the Fiver to the naive folk who run Guardian
Soulmates, but they still aren't having any of it. So here you go - sign up here
to view profiles of the kind of erudite, sociable and friendly romantics who
would never dream of going out with you.

BITS AND BOBS

AKING NEWS ... Eric Cantona has been arrested and cautioned after reports of an
assault in London ... BRE

Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has been sentenced to three-and-a-half years
for tax evasion amounting to £22.7m.

Manchester City assistant Ruben Cousillas reckons Sergio Agüero's hamstring-ouch
in the Big Cup defeat to Barcelona was just a hamstring-strum. "Apparently it's
nothing serious. He felt some kind of pain in his muscle, so [taking him off]
was a precaution. We are doing some tests."

Arsenal's knack-inspectors are still eyeing Mesut Özil's leg. "He's out, I don't
know how long for," diagnosed Arsène Wenger. "It's a hamstring [-twang]. The
scans are ongoing." It means Wenger could give Championship Manager's Kim
Kallstroma run out in the north London derby. Tonton Zola Moukoko still
unregistered we assume ...

Alan Pardew says he's seeking advice on how not to nut opposition players. "I've
spoken to the LMA about maybe some management consultant issues that I could
look at that might help," he said, using his head for the right reasons. "I just
want to reiterate my apologies."

And Nasty Leeds are fine, absolutely fine, there's nothing at all to worry
about, says managing director David Haigh. "I keep hearing these whispers, where
people have put two and two together to make 550 ... The club is in good hands."

STILL WANT MORE?

Another proud day for the Premier League's no-nonsense, so-robust-it-stings
"owners and directors test" - Proper Journalism's David Conn reveals how it took
one look at Carson Yeung with his previous criminal conviction for financial
crime, and waved him right on through.

Michael Cox picks his way through Arsenal and Manchester City's European
pretensions and works out what went wrong. Almost everything, it turns out.

A comment from Lord Ferg made the world wonder how 'top, top' $tevie Mbe really
is. Ken Early knows the answer in this piece from Eight by Eight magazine.

The Rumour Mill has fallen in love again after taking a shine to impossibly
handsome Italian Claudio Marchisio. It can only end in tears.

Oh, and if it's your thing, you can follow Big Website on Big Social FaceSpace.

SIGN UP TO THE FIVER (AND O FIVERÃO)

Want your very own copy of our free tea-timely(ish) email sent direct to your
inbox? Has your regular copy stopped arriving? Click here to sign up. And you
can also now receive our weekly World Cup email, O Fiverão; this is the latest
edition, and you can sign up for it here.

PB!

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                               4 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                               February 11, 2017

West sees moral challenge ahead for U.S.

LENGTH: 762  words


DURHAM -- In the Trump years, the main challenge people in the county face is
holding on to their integrity, Harvard public philosophy and divinity professor
Cornel West told students at N.C. Central University on Friday.

"It's going to be a testing moment, y'all," West said. "We're going to find out
who's for real."

Touching on a theme he's raised in a class on American democracy he's teaching
this semester following his return to Harvard University's faculty, West said
the U.S. is suffering from a "gangster-ization of society" of which its new
president, Donald Trump, is more symptom than cause.

"We live in an age of lies and crimes," he said. "Everybody lying. Some get over
it, some can't help it. In an age of mendacity, telling the truth is
revolutionary."

West's talk, part of NCCU's "Rock the Mic" lecture series, unfolded as an
extended meditation on morals, be they religious, artistic or professional.

The 63-year-old argued that authenticity, finding one's true voice, is the core
of human development. In school, it means shedding preconceptions and prejudice.
Achievers and pioneers, he added, often have a healthy disregard for what others
think of them or their work.

"Miles Davis doesn't care what the white critics say," West said, name-checking
the jazz great in a speech peppered with musical references. "He's blowing his
horn the way his soul feels. That's why his music is not cowardly."

West said the country's social and political climate, which he likened to the
advent of McCarthyism in the early 1950s, raises the question of "how does
integrity face oppression."

Given their history in America, the query's not a new one for blacks. But across
society, "we live in an age of cupidity and venality," cupidity meaning "love of
money" and venality that "everybody and everything is for sale," West said.

see west/page a2

Friday's audience at the B.N. Duke Auditorium was predominantly black, and West
raised the age-old appeal to rising middle-class blacks to see to that others
can follow in their wake.

But in his phrasing of it, he made sure to signal he thinks that ought to be a
universal value.

"What happened to our professional class that was concerned about those that
were left behind?" he said, in comments that several times touched on what he
sees as Wall Street's criminality. "Where's the connection, where's the sympathy
and empathy? You're using your gifts to be of service to others. You're not
using your gifts just to help your brand."

West is a well-known example of the "public intellectual," the sort of professor
whose profile in the public arena is a match for his or her standing among
colleagues.

He's held faculty posts at Harvard and Princeton over the years, trading
Cambridge for New Jersey after a well-publicized quarrel with Harvard's
then-president. But he opted to return to Harvard this spring and received a
dual appointment.

Politically, West is a man who last year backed Vermont U.S, Sen. Bernie Sanders
and Green Party nominee Jill Stein rather than support either Trump or the
Democrats' nominee, Hillary Clinton.

He's termed the fall face-off of the major-party nominees as a choice between "a
neo-liberal disaster and a neo-fascist catastrophe," with Clinton occupying the
first of those categories and Trump the second.

Asked Friday by an audience member what he means by neo-liberal, West said he's
referring to politicians who facilitate the transfer of wealth from the poor to
the rich through "monetization, privatization and militarization."

Public school reformers; obsession with testing students is an example, he said.

"Can you imagine trying to [statisiscally] capture the imagination, creativity
and intelligence of a child?" he asked, rhetorically. "It's the last thing you
want to do."

Given his public profile and views, West draws a good bit of criticism and
caricature from conservatives. But on his return to Harvard, the first assigned
reading in his American democracy course is seven chapters in a book by Charles
Murray, an institute researcher popular with conservatives.

Elite universities, he told his class there last week, have "got to make sure we
have a robust, uninhibited critical dialogue and exchange that's open to a
variety of different ideological, political perspectives, entering that public
life without humiliation, mediated with a respect, but also a candor, and
acknowledging this ain't no game," he said.

"Much is at stake," he added. "The decline of the American empire means what?
All of us go under. That's not an academic thing."

Follow Ray Gronberg on Twitter @rcgronberg

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cornel West

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Peyton Manning's great ending

BYLINE: Fr. Raymond De Souza, National Post

SECTION: ISSUES &; IDEAS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 789  words


The NFL is, by and large, a nasty business - a tale more often than not of
vulgarity and venality in the service of vaulting greed. It is a fitting symbol
of an indulgent culture where the super-rich gather to amuse themselves by
sending the gladiators, largely the sons of the impoverished classes, into
battle, for which the latter are richly rewarded with money and fame for a few
years, whilst their bodies endure. If it looks like the decadent fin-de-siècle
phase of the Roman empire, it is just that, and not only because the Super Bowl
is denominated in Roman numerals.

Yet there are exceptions, like Super Bowl 50 on Sunday night in Santa Clara,
which went with the fiveoh, rather than Super Bowl L, perhaps because some might
have thought it stood for larceny, which is what the NFL does to the common good
when the great circus comes to town, or for lying, which the NFL does on
everything from head injuries to stadium financing. It was exceptional this year
because at the end of it all, it was the last Manning standing who claimed the
prize. Improbably, in a season in which he was reduced to riding the bench,
there was Peyton Manning as Super Bowl champion. It's why the NFL thrives; every
so often the good guy wins, and the storybook ending comes to life. Super Bowl
50 was to be a coming-out party for Cam Newton, the season MVP who was the first
pick in the 2011 draft. Instead, he was beaten every shade of black and blue
found in the Carolina Panthers' uniform by the second pick in that 2011 draft -
Von Miller of the Denver Broncos. Newton plays with an exuberance that brings to
mind the joy that children take in the game, a reminder that grown men who play
games for a living ought to have fun doing so. His day will come, but it wasn't
Sunday night, and so battered was he that the childlike wonder was replaced by a
childish petulance, a sullen and graceless post-game performance that served,
with exquisite timing, to highlight exactly why Manning is loved, not only for
playing the game so well for so long, but for how he played it, as well.

His football achievements are unparalleled. Five times the season MVP. Passing
records of all kinds. Changing the way the game is played and how quarterbacks
play. But despite all the success, the championships were tests of endurance. He
is the only quarterback to go to the Super Bowl twice with two different teams,
four times with four different head coaches; the comfort of a stable dynasty was
not his. He sat out the 2011 season after neck surgery that left him unable at
first to throw a football across a room, let alone across the field. The
Indianapolis Colts let him go, thinking his best days were behind him. He went
to Denver, won another season MVP and did in four years what it took him more
than a decade to do with the Colts - go to two Super Bowls, and win one.

All the while, he was polite and endearing, able to laugh at himself - a talent
he turned into a lucrative advertising career, becoming something of a latter
day Bill Cosby when Cosby was still the lovable pitchman for wholesome things
like chocolate pudding. He came by it all honestly, with his NFL quarterback
father, Archie, and quarterback brother, Eli. On Sunday night, as the cameras
went from luxury box to luxury box, presenting various collections of
dysfunctional celebrities, the Manning box looked like the family Christmas card
from the straight-arrow cousin whose children spend spring break building houses
in Haiti.

Peyton has written thousands of cards in his career, not so much to the movers
and shakers who sit in the luxury boxes, but to the moved and the shaken for
whom an invitation to come to the stadium itself is a rare privilege. Notes of
congratulation and condolence, handwritten assurances of prayer and biblical
verses - all that is part of being Peyton.

So when the Old Manning on Sunday night could no longer take charge of the game
- he barely threw a pass in the fourth quarter - it was a fitting coda to the
career of a great quarterback who has been a very good man. He didn't win the
Super Bowl this time with heroism, but with humility, coming off the bench in
the final game of the regular season, not so much to intimate the opposition as
to inspire his teammates.

No longer able to do large things, he did the small things. And everything fell
into place. His last pass was for a twopoint convert, the same pass his
archrival, Tom Brady, had intercepted two weeks ago. The victory was his 200th,
breaking his tie with Brett Favre, the other great quarterback of his era. It's
over now for Manning, but what a great ending it was. He was, in fact, better
than great. He was good. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images; Peyton Manning;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 15, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Milken the master manipulator emerges in 'Den'

BYLINE: Nancy Miller

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 477 words


Call any major junk -bond investor to ask about the market, and he inevitably
will make a reference to Mike.

Even today, everyone knows just who Mike is - or at least thinks he does.

But the Michael Milken who emerges from James B. Stewart's new book, Den of
Thieves, is more powerful, more malicious, more manipulative, even more greedy,
than in any newspaper account. In this work, Milken's reach seems unbounded:
He's the grand puppeteer manipulating Wall Street's biggest dealers. His
venality and the venality of the other key characters - Ivan Boesky, Martin
Siegel, Dennis Levine - is breathtaking.

Den of Thieves would seem to put to rest any notion, popular among some, that
Milken & Co. were guilty of minor technical violations: This was illegal stock
trading on a scale that would have awed robber barons of yore. It happened
because top brass at so many investment firms - not just Milken's employer,
Drexel Burnham Lambert - refused to rein top moneymakers during the takeover
frenzy of the 1980s. As a result of their greed and lax supervision, investors,
many corporations and all taxpayers are poorer.

Stewart tells a complicated story deftly, turning a tale of high finance into a
fast-paced adventure populated with people who could teach the characters in
Dallas and Dynasty a thing or two. The revelations go well beyond what Milken
and Drexel Burnham - the underdog firm Milken made into a powerhouse - described
in their guilty pleas to securities violations. Those admissions resulted in a
Milken jail term and $ 1.25 billion in fines.

Stewart relates that:

- Ivan Boesky, who once made corporate chieftains tremble and later paid a $ 100
million fine for illegal stock trading, was terrified of Milken. He feared that
Milken would have his friends in the casino industry ''rub him out.'' In fact,
Boesky - like so many others in Milken's orbit - seems both mindless and
spineless. He is painted as nothing more than a second-tier player, trading
stocks at Milken's behest.

- Milken regularly bilked colleagues and clients, Stewart says. A
multibillionaire, Milken was a penny pincher, haggling over $ 15,000 in
commissions.

- In a fit of pique, Rudolph Giuliani, the ambitious, driven prosecutor in New
York, threatened to derail the Securities and Exchange Commission investigation
even though the SEC was responsible for cluing Giuliani into the scandal. In his
zeal, Giuliani also tried to coax more confessions out of Marty Siegel in a
sleazy bribery setup. Of all the thieves in this den, though, Siegel is the most
sympathetic. Only Siegel seems genuinely to rue his acts because they were wrong
not because he got caught.

In the end, Den of Thieves is the ultimate Wall Street morality tale featuring
the forces of darkness and light. It is a must-read for anyone trying to make
sense of the Greed Decade.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w

TYPE: Money Bookshelf

Den of Thieves, By James B. Stewart, Simon & Schuster,493 pages, $ 25.; See
sidebar; Author on Wall Street culture 'Lives his story,' makes enemies

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                               7 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 6, 2010 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

THE BCS: BUNCH OF COLLEGE SELLOUTS;
GREED AND VENALITY HAVE COME TO CHARACTERIZE THE COLLEGE FOOTBALL POST-SEASON

BYLINE: Dan K. Thomasson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 712 words


A vice president once said what this country needs is a good 5-cent cigar. What
it actually needs is a good system to choose an annual college football king
that would rescue us from the horrid current one.

The post season, which finally will end with the national title game at the Rose
Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., tomorrow night, has become not only a huge bore but
also a metaphor for the greed, venality and unfairness that has marked our
culture in the first decade of the 21st century.

The "championship" game is merely an endorsement of the "them that has, gits"
philosophy that has permeated American society and driven it to the edge of
bankruptcy. Both Alabama and Texas with their multi-million-dollar coaches are
among a group of elite programs that get to share millions of dollars in an era
of acute economic distress. They can be aptly compared to the nation's biggest
financial institutions where high salaries and enormous bonuses continue despite
the economic turmoil they caused.

As the regular season ended there came the amazing news that the University of
Notre Dame -- once a small parochial institution until football pulled it from
obscurity to the point that it now is too big to fail -- was willing to rid
itself of a losing coach to the tune of as much as $18 million in contractual
obligation. After all, the Fighting Irish niche in Valhalla has been threatened
by several seasons of mediocrity.

What can turning that around be worth to the legacy of Knute Rockne? The answer
came back quickly -- almost anything. Never mind that American colleges and
universities are strapped for cash and, more importantly, so are their students.
Important things must come first.

So the colossus flexed its reputation and hired a big-time winner, who quickly
abandoned his young gladiators at another school only a few weeks before they
were to enter the Sugar Bowl on New Year's Day to preserve an unbeaten record.
Who could argue? It was Notre Dame calling and this guy's name was Brian Kelly.

The result was predictable. Mr. Kelly's former team, the clearly demoralized
University of Cincinnati Bearcats, had their heads chomped off by the ferocious
Florida Gators.

The Sugar Bowl debacle was sweetened for Florida by the presence on the
sidelines of coach Urban Meyer, who had announced he was quitting the game for
health reasons, then changed his mind to take only a leave of absence once he
clobbered his alma mater. Jeff Quinn, the stand-in assistant coach for
Cincinnati, also had accepted a head coaching job elsewhere -- at the University
of Buffalo-- but, unlike Mr. Kelly, felt responsibility compelled him to remain
loyal one more time to the boys who helped him win his new post.

In the midst of all this, the coach at Texas Tech suddenly was fired because of
alleged mistreatment of a player in a legal brouhaha that isn't likely to end
soon. He had to watch his team in another bowl on television. Mike Leach claims
the university didn't want to pay him an $800,000 bonus which he said he would
have been due had he remained the coach only a day or so longer. Please stay
tuned for the interminable sports blab and blog sure to come from this
altercation.

In the meantime, those who run the increasingly disruptive and blatantly unfair
Bowl Championship Series, the powerful cabal of major conferences, march
destructively along while an increasing number of Americans back a legitimate
playoff system. The BCS once again denied two of the best undefeated teams in
the nation a shot at the big championship game, Texas Christian University and
Boise State, who were assigned to play each other in Monday night's Fiesta Bowl.
This injustice was based on the fact they had come from the wrong side of the
athletic tracks, belonging to conferences that aren't included in the BCS.

Major culprits in this travesty are the presidents of these great institutions
of higher learning where student athletes abound only in their imagination.
While they pay constant lip service to righting the tilted system, they have
done little to do so since its inception in 1998. The selling of stadium names
to corporations and the installation of expensive boxes and the huge contracts
with television feed the greed and overwhelm the goals of academia. Enjoy the
game.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dan K. Thomasson is a former editor of Scripps Howard News Service
(thomassondan@aol.com)./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                               8 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Excellence in Filmmaking Award: David Mamet

BYLINE: null

SECTION: FILM FEATURES; ARCHIVE

LENGTH: 450  words


In a recent review, theater critic Jeremy McCarter wrote of David Mamet, the
writer-director best known for plays like "Glengarry Glen Ross" and "American
Buffalo," as well as his CBS TV series "The Unit": "His public profile even now
remains that of a swaggering, foul-mouthed Chicagoan, despite a couple of
decades' worth of work that tells a more complicated story."

The story will become more complicated still with the May release of his 10th
movie as a director, Sony Pictures Classics' "Redbelt," a fight film set in Los
Angeles. Mamet spoke about the project with The Hollywood Reporter's Stephen
Galloway.

The Hollywood Reporter: What drew you to "Redbelt"?
David Mamet: There's this very interesting world I've been part of, made up of
people who fight in mixed martial arts: the cage fighters and the people who
train (for professional reasons) -- for example, police and bouncers. I've been
doing it for five or six years, since I came to Los Angeles.

THR: Which martial art do you practice?
Mamet: Brazilian jujitsu. That is basically grappling.

THR: What surprised you the most about that world?
Mamet: I (had) no preconceptions, but many people who've seen the film were
surprised at how courteous and gracious and intelligent the fighters were.

THR: Your early work was marked by a level of verbal, rather than physical,
violence. Has that changed?
Mamet: I don't know that it has. I wrote quite a bit when I was a young man -- I
write quite a bit now -- and the (works) that became more celebrated were those
two Dionysian pieces about the margins of society, "Glengarry" and "American
Buffalo." But I write about all sorts of other subjects.

THR: Is it true that you use a metronome when working with the actors?
Mamet: That's not true. But what I do -- and all dramatists and especially
comedy writers do -- is count syllables. To get a gag to work, the rhythm of the
line has to be correct.

THR: We think of you in connection with the stage, but you've done a lot of film
work.
Mamet: I always loved films. I wrote my first film for Bob Rafelson, "The
Postman Always Rings Twice" (1981).

THR: But you haven't always loved Hollywood. You once called it "a sinkhole of
depraved venality."
Mamet: Of course it's a sinkhole of depraved venality -- but so am I. A book
that I wrote came out, "Bambi vs. Godzilla," about Hollywood, and one of those
NPR commentators was commentating that (while in Los Angeles for a few days) he
got up early and all the freeways were packed, and he said, "This is really a
hardworking group of people." And that's a part of Hollywood that, since I've
lived out here and have been doing the TV show, I admire greatly and am proud to
be a part of. &#160;&#160;&#160;

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2008 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           December 27, 2007 Thursday

In D.C., a celebration of venality

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 785 words


In this season of giving, of caring for your fellow man, let me lift a glass to
the government of the District of Columbia, which, through a combination of
venality and incompetence, has enabled so many people to become richer -- much,
much richer -- than you, dear reader, can possibly imagine.

In Washington, Santa's not just profligate. He's been on a bender.

For those of you reading this by the dim glow of a yule log, do not for a moment
think that I am referring to the U.S. government, what with its congressional
earmarks for bridges to nowhere and inability to account for gazillions spent in
Iraq, not to mention the decision to go to war itself.

No, I am referring to the government of the city, the municipality, the hamlet
nestled on the historic Potomac.

Incredibly, one woman alone masterminded a scheme in which she and others
allegedly stole at least $20 million from the city -- and the city never
noticed.

Move over, Illinois. Eat your heart out, Maryland. Doff your cap, New York. Have
some respect, New Jersey, or, for that matter, Louisiana, a state long admired
for its political corruption.

That sort of stuff is old-fashioned. In all those places, it's the politicians
who steal from the people. In Washington, it's the people who steal from the
people.

Take the scheme that withdrew millions upon millions from the city's coffers.
Not a politician involved. Instead, those accused are all bureaucrats and their
alleged accessories -- prominently, a mid-level manager in the Office of Tax and
Revenue.

All they did was allegedly issue tax refunds to dummy corporations and then cash
the checks themselves. They had been doing this for years.

In a similar manner, an executive responsible for 17 charter schools took more
than $800,000. Others in the school system dipped into student recreation funds,
not quite taking candy from babies, just field trips and the like.

Again, notice the absence of elected officials or corrupt politicians. Why, one
school official took $30,000 from the chess club of a school for emotionally
disturbed pupils -- a dark chapter not even Dickens could envisage.

The Santa Clausiness of the D.C. government is almost beyond comprehension. It
seems all you have to do is work there and money just falls into your lap.

For instance, The Washington Post just reported on how a former principal
requested a grant to train teachers and the school system authorized $3 million
in a single day. And when she went to pick up the first $1 million, the school
system just handed over the money -- no silly, fussy contract or anything like
that.

The things that happen in Washington for some reason stay in Washington. They
get almost no national attention even though the town practices corruption on a
scale that compares to kleptocracies like Nigeria or kingdoms like Saudi Arabia.

In Italy, something like 20 percent of the economy is underground. In
Washington, the figure is precisely 78 percent.

I made that up, but it feels right.

As a former Maryland reporter, I write with appropriate awe. In my day,
back-to-back governors were convicted of corruption (one of them, Spiro T.
Agnew, had to resign as U.S. vice president for money that unaccountably stuck
to his fingers while governor of Maryland).

A U.S. senator went to jail for corruption and so did two county executives, the
speaker of the House, a congressman and a state senator.

One legislator was flushed out of the State House by federal marshals seeking
him on business matters relating to heroin. He was later murdered gangland
style.

Maryland's record, I naively thought, would stand forever. But now Washington
has left Maryland in the dust. It is not just the Enronian $20 million, possibly
a modern-day record for municipal corruption. It's the democratization of
corruption and the sheer heartlessness of it.

Am I naive? Would any of the Maryland crooks I covered (and liked) have stolen
money from emotionally disturbed children? I don't think so. These people were
soft, unimaginative -- conservative gents who embraced tradition, shunned
innovation and by and large thought a gridlock of Jaguars in the driveway was in
awfully bad taste.

Yet for all its accomplishments, Washington gets no respect. When, periodically,
the city screams for statehood, others laugh or scoff or do both.

A state? Pshaw. It's a mere city. No majestic mountains. No sandy beaches. But
look again, I say. See what this city has done, how it has taken its own wealth
(and that of others) and spread it around.

Most Americans think of Washington as the city that keeps on taking. But believe
me, it's really the city that keeps on giving.

Ho, ho, ho.

E-mail Richard Cohen, a col umnist for The Washington Post, at
cohenr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 2, 2001 Monday 2D EDITION

Greed's timeless grasp captured 'Little Foxes' reeks of hate, venality

BYLINE: By Sandra C. Dillard, Denver Post Theater Critic,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. E-03

LENGTH: 584 words


The Denver Center Theatre Company's solid revival of Lillian  Hellman's classic
drama 'The Little Foxes' portrays a greedy  turn-of-the-century trio of siblings
in all their hateful venality.

By the end of the three-act play, it's more than clear that  comparing the
malign Hubbard family to any animal, including  foxes, is an insult to the
animal.

It's an excellent choice to frame this drama on a set with  walls and
furnishings the color of blood, and to have the sister,  Regina, make her first
entrance in a crimson gown set off by  garnet-colored jewelry.

Director Bruce Sevy is correct when he says the tale, set in  1900, is as
relevant today as when it was penned in 1936. The  Hubbards already have all the
money they need (earned from  overcharging poor blacks who patronize their
store), but they want  more - and are willing to do anything to get it. And as
Hellman's  play makes uncompromisingly clear, the Hubbards and their ilk will
always be with us.

With her quick movements, determined stance and ever-changing  facial
expressions, Gordana Rashovich is excellent as Regina  Giddens, who wants her
sick husband to put up the required capital  for their partnership share in a
planned cotton mill.

Regina's tough enough to face down both her brothers to get  an even larger
share than she deserves of the proposed business,  because she knows how much
her husband's money is needed for the  deal to go through.

Even worse, if it helps cement the deal, she's more than  willing to marry off
her sweet, innocent daughter Alexandra  (nicely captured by Elizabeth Bunch) to
Alexandra's weaselly,  thieving first cousin Leo (Christopher Kelly).

Regina also is frigid: In one of the play's more potent  moments she tells her
dying husband, Horace (Daniel Ahearn), that  she didn't marry him for love, and
that even early in their  long-sterile marriage, she couldn't bear for him to
come near her.  Ahearn makes Horace's anguished expression almost palpable.

Caitlin O'Connell is equally fine as Birdie, the emotionally  and physically
abused wife of Regina's brother Oscar, and mother  of Leo. A cowed, trembling
woman from an aristocratic family,  Birdie has long been reduced to secret
drinking and public  abjectness. In a rare moment of courage, Birdie musters the

  backbone to warn her much-beloved niece against marrying her son,  whose
weaknesses she knows all too well. Oscar's resulting  punishment of his
emotionally fragile wife brings gasps from the  audience.

Towering over everyone else in a way that always seems  threatening, Bill Christ
is convincing as Oscar, who is more than  willing to blackmail and steal to get
what he wants.

While Oscar is more straightforward, his equally corrupt  brother, Ben (John
Hubbard), is scheming and manipulative. Ben's  air of amused slyness runs
through the action like a dark stain.

Hellman's play is unabashedly melodramatic, but it works.  It's a good story,
still timely, that moves quickly and holds  interest throughout.

The Little Foxes

(Out of 4 stars)

Written by: Lillian Hellman

Starring: Gordana Rashovich, Caitlin O'Connell, Bill Christ,  John Hubbard

Directed by: Bruce Sevy

Presented by: Denver Center Theatre Company

Where: Stage Theatre

When: Through April 21; showtimes at 6:30 p.m. Monday-Wednesday;  8 p.m.
Thursday-Saturday, 1:30 p.m. Saturday matinee

Tickets: $ 28-$ 38; 303-893-4100

LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Center Theatre Company/Terry Shapiro Elizabeth Bunch,
left, as Alexandra Giddens, and Gordana Rashovich as Regina Giddens in the
Denver Center Theater Company's 'The Little Foxes.'

TYPE: REVIEW

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 7, 1989, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Review/Pop;
Neil Young's New Subjects: Drugs, Venality, Betrayal

BYLINE: By JON PARELES

SECTION: Section C; Page 20, Column 5; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 433 words


Loss of innocence can hurt, but few songwriters have taken it harder than Neil
Young. His songs contrast an Edenic rural past with a brutal, corrupt present.
Drugs, venality and betrayal reign in the new songs he brought to the Palladium
on Tuesday - probably a preview of his album, ''Freedom,'' due for release Oct.
3 -and he offered little hope beyond the stubborn refusal to give up.

Mr. Young has tried on styles the way politicians model hats, but he always
comes back to the bare-bones folkiness of solo singing, accompanying himself
with simple chords on guitar or piano. His current tour is billed as ''a solo
acoustic evening''; Mr. Young was joined by Ben Keith on Dobro and Ralph
Sampedro on mandolin for a few songs, but he spent most of the set alone on
stage.

He has become an unabashedly mannered, cranky performer. ''There's nowhere to
hide,'' he said between songs, but he managed to shield himself from the
audience in the grotesquely crowded Palladium. Using a wireless guitar and
microphone, he slouched over his instrument and wandered the stage restlessly,
playing parts of his songs as he faced the wings or the blank back wall. Yet his
singing, in the voice that has become rock's definitive countertenor, was as
open and vulnerable as his demeanor was odd.

Mr. Young chose well from his catalogue. Although he has written his share of
throwaways, his set was a reminder of his literary gifts, from careful
narratives to free-form fantasies like ''Powderfinger.'' He sang a few crowd
favorites (''Sugar Mountain,'' ''Helpless,'' ''After the Gold Rush''), revived
the obscure ''Winterlong'' and dedicated ''Ohio,'' written about the Kent State
University killings, to the Chinese students in Tiananmen Square. But the
centerpiece of the set was a group of songs about drugs, old (including ''The
Needle and the Damage Done'') and new, culminating in a new song about a former
addict's confessions: ''It's not so long ago it had a hold on me/I couldn't let
it go.'' Over tolling minor chords, in a breaking voice, Mr. Young repeated,
''No more.''

Other new songs took up urban street life (with the cynical chorus, ''Keep on
rockin' in the free world'') and the human adaptability of, among others, a
corrupt policeman and a divorced couple's child. True to Mr. Young's gift for
logical leaps, one song found a kind of hope in the notion that workers who died
while building the Alaska pipeline could re-emerge as smog. Mr. Young's songs
don't pretend to be anything but pessimistic. They are vivid and bleak and
unsparing, offering not consolation but bitter clarity.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Neil Young (Retna/Gary Gershoff)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              12 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            March 24, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Roots of genocidal hatred still showing at Auschwitz: "When people ask me what
were they thinking, I always reply 'they weren't,' "says professor about German
architects

BYLINE: Marc Horton, Freelance

SECTION: IDEAS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1249  words


"Auschwitz used to be an ordinary town," Deborah Dwork and Robert Jan Van Pelt
write in the opening sentence of Auschwitz, their remarkable book that explores
the horrific past and controversial present of a place that is seared into
mankind's memory.

While it was never a stop on a European Grand Tour, in the years between the
wars, tourists would visit the castle, walk the town's cobblestone streets,
possibly snack on a paczki -- a Polish doughnut -- and head back to nearby
Cracow.

It was not that Auschwitz -- Osweicem in Polish -- was without history. For more
than 700 years, it has occupied its little corner of Silesia, buffeted by eight
centuries of shifting European alliances and borders. Ironically, for some of
its history the majority of the population in Auschwitz had been Jewish.

It was what it was: a not particularly interesting place, pleasant enough for a
sunny afternoon outing perhaps, but not much more.

Tourists go there now, of course, and by the busload. They are mostly silent and
solemn-faced, steeling themselves for a visit to mankind's bloodiest
slaughterhouse, the most infamous death camp in Germany's mad drive during the
Second World War to rid Europe of its Jewish population.

Auschwitz is the premier stop on a Grand Tour of Nazi Hell. It earned that dark
distinction because of Adolf Hitler's dream of an Eastern Europe colonized by
Aryans -- ethnically pure Germans -- displacing the Poles and the Jews who had
lived there for centuries.

Hitler's dream was a nightmare for millions, brought to bloody life by his
deputy Heinrich Himmler who saw a vast empire in Eastern Europe ... as soon as
"disposal" of the original population -- the "ethnically impure" -- took place.

Hitler dreamed, Himmler acted, and the history of the 20th century would be
stained with the blood of millions.

Dwork and Van Pelt explore the roots of the kind of hatred that leads to
genocide by playing close attention to the machinery of death, the seeming
banalities of constructing more efficient ways of committing murder and more
effective ways of disposing of the countless dead.

Illustrations in Auschwitz include architectural drawings of the camp, first
envisioned by Himmler as a production site for sand and gravel and then as a
source of workers for the synthetic manufacture of rubber.

However, German architects soon turned their attention from the tedium of
designing barracks for slave labourers to knottier problems like the
construction of gas chambers and crematoriums.

"When people ask me what were they thinking, I always reply 'they weren't,'
Dwork says in a telephone interview from Worcester, Mass., where she teaches
Holocaust studies at Clark University.

"They were thinking of their careers, and in doing so, they thought of the
deaths of millions of people as simply a technical problem. They were no longer
thinking about how people would be affected by the solution to that particular
'technical' problem," she says.

Much of the Holocaust, she says, was powered by venality. "So much about the
Nazis was venal, from their desire to have a perfect race to their venality
about conquering land."

In the end, however, is the Holocaust ever knowable? Will we ever plumb the
depth of the senseless depravity that would leave six million dead in its wake?

"Yes and no," Dwork says. "Many events of the past are unknowable to us. How
close can we come to knowing precisely of the frenzy and fervour that surrounded
the French Revolution and following that, the terror of the guillotine?

"But I don't think the Holocaust is any more unknowable than those events.
That's both a statement of fact and a statement of principle on my part in that
I refuse to mythologize the Holocaust."

She is forthright in her refusal to turn the Holocaust into something so
profoundly evil that we'll never fully comprehend what happened.

"When students of mine bring up the quote from Theodor Adorno (a German
philosopher who died in 1969) that there cannot be poetry after Auschwitz, I
always say, 'Get a grip, honey.'

"This is an event that was enacted by human beings, and while human beings will
always remain a mystery to us, we continue to study them. The Holocaust is no
more of a mystery than that."

Dwork has made repeated visits to Auschwitz, often for extended periods of time,
but she says she has reduced the number of her visits in recent years.

"At one point some years ago I was with Robert Jan Van Pelt in Auschwitz and I
said to him that I had the feeling that I would be the last Jew to die in
Auschwitz. We were thinking of writing a book on the women's camp and I just
felt it was time for me to step away from the project. I just did not want to
spend any more of my years in Auschwitz."

It was on once of those visits that she saw the crosses raised at Auschwitz in
the late '90s as a memorial to Christians who were also killed there. Not
surprisingly, the crosses were controversial, regarded by some as an attempt by
Christians, and Poland's largely Catholic population, to claim part of a site
that is of profound significance to the world's Jews.

Dwork feels crosses do not belong at Auschwitz. It smacks of what she calls
"Christian triumphalism."

"Survivors of the Holocaust sometimes say they are not so happy about the
crosses, but they are happy that a younger generation is interested in the
Holocaust at all," she says. "For them, it's about engagement with the site.

"But I have also heard from survivors who say 'It's not enough what happened
there? This is the largest Jewish graveyard in the whole world, so what is the
cross stuff?' "

While she admits that the Polish young people who raised the crosses did so with
full hearts, "it is NOT a Christian site and it is NOT an appropriate place for
crosses. It is disturbing, but I would have used the raising of the crosses as
an opportunity to teach, to tell them what it means to the survivors to put
crosses on the site."

She is less willing to concede the way in which Edith Stein, a Jewish woman who
converted to Catholicism and became a Carmelite nun, has often been given
pride-of-place as an Auschwitz victim.

In 1998 -- the same year the crosses were raised -- pope John Paul II canonized
Stein, who had taken the name of Sister Benedicta of the Cross as her Carmelite
name and was murdered in Auschwitz in 1942. There are a number of shrines
dedicated to her at the site.

"Don't get me started on Edith Stein," Dwork says. "It really ticks me off.

"My feeling is that the church has a right to canonize whoever it wishes to
canonize, because that's its department. But it certainly cannot canonize Edith
Stein on the grounds that she was a good Jew. Those grounds are completely
bankrupt.

"Let's be very clear. She was sent to Auschwitz because she was a Jew, she
didn't want to go, and it was not an act of martyrdom on her part."

Does a career as a Holocaust historian cast a deep, dark shadow over the rest of
your life?

"You know, my mother asks that same question," Dwork says. "And I remind her
that I'm pathologically cheerful. I think there are people who are wired as
cheerful, and I'm one of them. I'm also acutely aware of the privilege I have
been given to work in this area."

Deborah Dwork, professor of Holocaust studies and modern Jewish history and
culture at Clark University in Worcester, Mass., will deliver the annual Toby
and Saul Reichert Holocaust Lecture on Sunday at 7 p.m. in the Telus Centre on
the U of A campus. Her lecture is entitled Auschwitz and the Holocaust.
Admission is free.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Federal Archive, Koblenz; An ethnic German settler receives his ownership
papers for a Polish farm in the Wartheland, 1940. Across the top of the page are
the architural drawings for the Auschwitz camp as envisioned by Himmler ;
Photo: Auschwitz ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    January 11, 2001 Thursday EARLY EDITION

How can avarice and lust be so boring?

BYLINE: Tony Atherton

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A2 Tony Atherton

LENGTH: 599 words


Talk about disappointing. It turns out that Temptation Island isn't a Motown
retirement resort after all.

Instead, it's the latest example of venality TV, which is the most successful
subset of reality TV, which the programming genre that has spread like blight
across the television dial. An independent firm of accountants has confirmed
that by next Monday, there will be more reality on TV than in reality.

Venality TV is that branch of reality TV which addresses the baser instincts of
those who participate, and/or those who watch. These are shows that do not
merely record the reactions of people under contrived circumstances, but seek to
engender one or more of the Seven Deadly Sins, with Avarice as the engine for
all the rest.

Venality TV has cash prizes large enough, and environments artificial enough
that those involved are easily led to abandon the niceties of human society. In
Survivor that gave rise to Wrath (Susan), Sloth (Gervase) and Pride (Richard)
among other sins, in addition to Avarice . On The Mole, which began earlier this
week, we can already see the seeds of Envy and Wrath in a structure which sets
up everyone to distrust everyone else, in the name of Avarice.

Now with Temptation Island, which premiered last night on Fox, we are promised
the big one, the red-letter sin, Lust. Lust is apparently powerful enough to be
its own motivator since the only sin of Avarice here is committed by the Fox
network in programming this cheap, pandering rip-off of Survivor. There is no
great pot of prize money for for any of the couples dropped on an island in
Belize to test their fidelity, nor for any of the 24 "fantasy singles" whose
mission is to tempt those who are paired away from their mates. Lust alone is
expected trigger such other telegenic sins as Envy, Pride and Wrath.

We kind of have to take Fox's word for it though. In the first episode there's
no emotion more complex than giddiness and petulance, which are neither sins nor
very interesting to watch.

What we got in the opener was a laboured introduction of the potential Lusters
and Lustees. We met the couples -- Shannon and Andy, YTossi and Taheed, Valerie
and Kyle, Mandy and Billy -- and learned that most of them have been together
less than two years.

We saw nothing that would make us care whether they stayed together or not. The
only solid thing we learned about their commitment to each other was that they
had agreed to participate in this dumb show -- which says an awful lot.

We also met the singles, in a poolside tableau that looked like nothing so much
as the bathing suit competition in a Miss America Pageant (a scenario which one
of the fantasy singles, Miss Georgia U.S.A. 2000, Patti Dunn, must be familiar
with). As each grinning, callow tempter or temptress came up and introduced
himself or herself, I kept waiting for someone to say, "I would like to work for
World Peace, and to save the rainforest."

It's worth noting that these volunteer singles are not a particularly stunning
bunch. Fox could have collected as many healthy specimens on a single visit to
any California beach. They are not dogs, just not Sirens. For Sirens, Fox would
have had to pay, and that would have negated the rationale for Temptation Island
and all its venality TV counterparts. The point is to create the equivalent of a
primetime drama, with heroes and villains, good and evil, character and plots,
without the trouble and expense of actors and writers.

But, frankly, after one episode, it looks like Temptation Island could use a
rewrite job and a better cast.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 28, 2009 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Character counts Our view o The venality in Jeff Smith's fall. OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: 0


Those who have sought a deeper meaning in the disgrace of former Missouri state
Sen. Jeff Smith have fallen back on the ancient Greek notion of hubris:
excessive pride and arrogance, the greatest sin in all Greek tragedy, cause of
the downfall of heroes.

That seems a bit much for this sordid episode, regardless of Smith's own
outsized sense of self-regard. Yes, in campaigning for the Democratic nomination
for Dick Gephardt's vacated U.S. House seat in 2004, he presented himself as
something special - a vibrant young urban Democrat who could energize young
people around his liberal idealism, a white Ph.D. who played street hoops in the
inner city, a guy who cared about All the Right Things.

Why, there was even a movie about Smith's righteousness, a documentary pegged to
another Jeff Smith, the good-hearted bumpkin portrayed by the young James
Stewart in Frank Capra's 1939 movie "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington."

But our Jeff Smith was no bumpkin. He and a couple of cronies - more about them
in a moment - signed off on a deal right out of Donald Segretti's Watergate bag
of dirty tricks. When Smith got caught, he lied about it to the Federal
Elections Commission. Then he engineered a cover-up to try to fool a federal
grand jury. He pleaded guilty Tuesday to two federal counts of obstucting
justice.

Hubris? Not so much. Heroes don't buy disposable cell phones. The most telling
part of the indictments against Smith - who once crusaded against Wal-Mart - is
that when crunch time came, he sent an aide to Wal-Mart to buy use-and-lose
phones.

Nor is it exactly "stupidity," as suggested by John Gillies, special agent in
charge of the St. Louis FBI office. Jeff Smith is not stupid.

One word that comes to mind is venality: Willingness to be bribed or bought off,
or to prostitute one's talents for mercenary considerations.

Too often the noble cause of public service turns into an extended exercise in
self-interest. People either forget why they got involved in the first place, or
they get involved for the wrong reasons, conflating their own interests with
those of the public they serve.

For many politicians, the job is the best one they've ever had, with better pay
and perks than most of them ever could expect in the private sector. Politics
can be a stepping stone to great wealth. But you've got to get there first.

The revolving door between Congress and the lobbying industry is
well-documented. Even a job in the legislature can lead to a nice lobbying gig
or a six-figure job elsewhere in state government.

Nor does one have to run for office to get in on the rewards program. In
Washington, top staffers move easily to and from lobbying and law firms. In
Springfield, you can serve in the legislature and hold other jobs in Illinois
government. In Jefferson City, you can serve on the legislative staff - or even
be speaker of the House - and run a political consulting firm out of your back
pocket.

The money involved in politics is obscene. So, in addition to attracting
idealists, politics also attracts "consultants" and "operatives," some of whom
are craven opportunists.

Enter Milton Harold "Skip" Ohlsen III, the mystery figure in the Jeff Smith
case. He flitted across the Missouri Democratic political landscape from 2004 to
2006, a consultant with a shady background who was unwittingly accepted into the
party's councils and paid thousands of dollars for his work, whatever it was.

Apparently it was Ohlsen who, during the 2004 primary, sold Smith's campaign on
the idea of paying him to print and distribute flyers attacking Russ Carnahan,
the leading candidate - and eventual winner - in the race to succeed Mr.
Gephardt. Smith and two of his top advisers - Steve Brown and Nick Adams -
signed off on the plan.

Brown, a former assistant to state Attorney General (now Governor) Jay Nixon,
and Adams, who was Smith's campaign treasurer, each pleaded guilty Tuesday to
one federal count of obstruction of justice. Brown resigned the Missouri House
seat from Clayton to which he was elected last year. Like Smith, both face
federal prison time when they're sentenced in November.

This is not a Democratic or Republican thing, but a sleaze thing, and sleaze is
an equal opportunity employer. The temptations could be reduced by taking money
out of politics by publicly financing campaigns, but the people who would have
to do that are the very people who benefit from the current system.

And even then, there's the problem of human nature. Venality is a character
flaw, not a political flaw. Sadly, it only seems that way.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 21, 2000 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Keeping up with the Joneses: the payoff;
Imre

BYLINE: Imre Salusinszky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 743 words


Chicago, Thurs. The social sciences were in turmoil last night following a major
breakthrough in economics at the University of Chicago.

Announcing the development, Professor Myron Steinbaum said the discovery broke a
nexus between the actions of human agents and the economic incentives offered to
them to perform those actions that has been a cardinal principle in economic
analysis for centuries.

According to the new theory, Prof Steinbaum told a packed news conference,
"economic incentives have a coincidental rather than, as previously understood,
causal relation to the actions subsequently performed by those to whom they are
offered".

The revolutionary new theory of incentive has been dubbed the "Alan Jones
Effect", based on the claim by the 2UE announcer that no connection should be
drawn between the large sums of money paid to him by various corporate entities
and his on-air endorsement of those entities, because he would have issued the
endorsements anyway, even in the absence of any payments.

The Jones Effect is tipped to transform all areas of economic analysis, and is
also likely to have a major effect on international capitalism, as consumers of
services reconsider their trade-offs for those services in the light of the
knowledge that the services would just as likely be rendered without any
consideration being offered.

Prof Steinbaum confidently predicted that the discovery of the Jones Effect was
potential Nobel Prize material. "Nothing can undermine this research," he said,
"Except, notionally, the revelation that Alan Jones is totally full of it, right
up to the brim. But that is unthinkable given his eminence in Sydney commercial
radio."

Try to guess which Sydney media identity has in recent weeks described people
who belong to groups that he doesn't like as: "loathsome yuppie scum",
"spineless and contemptible toadies", "dickheads and poseurs","wankers and
trendies", "grog-sodden Poms", "a disgusting breed", and "so mired in venality
as to effectively exclude themselves from the human race".

Was it one of commercial radio's notorious shock-jocks? Stan Zemanek, perhaps,
or new-jock-on-the-block Howard Sattler?

Incorrect, Jose! It is actually none other than the humble television columnist
for The Sydney Morning Herald, Doug Anderson.

Douggie's repertoire of hate-speech surpasses that of all of shock-jockdom
combined odd, when you consider that SMH scribes have been among the most
high-minded critics of those whom Anderson describes as "over-opinionated
talkback types ... whose titanic egos make the media mediocre".

That's pretty rich coming from someone who litters his own prose with split
infinitives like "to effectively exclude". But for whom does Anderson reserve
his most pungent vitriol? No Cohiba for guessing that one! The most despicable
filth of all are finance-sector workers, i.e. "parasite scum" coincidentally,
the very folk whose work will ensure that Douggie enjoys the kind of comfortable
retirement befitting an old Zapata-mustachioed hippie.

Funny old world, eh?

I'm still taking entries to my "Suggest new career paths for Cheryl, Carmen,
'Tasha and Pauline" contest! So why don't you yuppie scum get up off your
loathsome parasitic behinds, stop being so mired in venality as effectively to
exclude yourselves from the human race, and pause in your disgusting
profiteering long enough to e-mail your ideas to imrecomp@today.com.au

One reader has suggested that Hanson could take up acting: "Early roles might
include Lindy Chamberlain in a TV mini-series about the baby-sacrifice."
(Actually, mate, there's some disagreement on that point.) He also suggests she
could play M in the next Bond movie, then possibly "move into some as yet
unwritten highbrow feature under the direction of Jane Campion".

Hmmm. It's true there's a strong resemblance between Hanson and the Kerry Fox
character in Campion's noted early feature One Flew Over the Kiwi's Nest.

And one can think of good movie roles for the other three as well: Kernot could
reinvent herself as a kind of Jim Carrey figure, "Woman of a Thousand
Disguises"; Lawrence is a natural as Dustin Hoffman's stunt-double; and the
senator from South Australia would be perfect for the Cameron Diaz part in the
sequel to There's Something Else About Mary.

There have been many other amusing suggestions a full debriefing soon but some
readers appear to believe that this column is immune to the law, both as regards
defamation and obscenity.

I wish.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Library Journal

                               September 1, 2016

Chris Holm's new thriller explores terrorism's aftermath: Writing Violence

BYLINE: Jordan Foster.

Jordan Foster is a freelance writer living in Portland, OR. She received her MFA
in fiction from Columbia University. She has also profiled Patricia Cornwell,
Alafair Burke, and Megan Abbott for LJ

SECTION: REVIEWS; Mystery Vol. 141 No. 14

LENGTH: 888 words


This is how we must talk when we talk about violence, when we talk about
terrorism. We must discuss the inability to process the event, to wrap our
brains around large-scale carnage. After an act of terror, such as the one that
detonates on the opening pages of Red Right Hand, Chris Holm's second
installment of his "Michael Hendricks" series (see review, p. 82), there are
always more questions than answers.

"Terror attacks in particular," says Holm, "are an unusual sort of violence.
They're at once political and personal, abstract and concrete. Whenever one
occurs, a bifurcated narrative is created." It's this notion of the splintered
search for truth that drives not only the novel but also its curious mix of
characters, who defy the easy characterization of heroes and villains.
Everything and everyone, like the smoke that rises after a tugboat slams into
the Golden Gate Bridge early on in the novel, exist at least in part in the
shadows.

A writer's obligation

There's a duty as an author, especially one who deals in murderers, to treat
violence with respect, as a tool to enhance rather than to prop up the story.
For Holm--whose main character is a hit man who kills other hit men in the hopes
of one day bringing down a shadowy criminal organization known as the
Council--there is the acknowledgement that "first and foremost, I want my books
to excite, surprise, and entertain," but he underscores that he feels "a
responsibility to handle violence with due heft."

In Holm's thriller, which revolves around a terrorist attack on American soil,
brutality is undeniably at the forefront of the conversation. And yet, in a
lesser writer's hands, an event such as the fictional explosion Holm sets in
motion in San Francisco, allegedly at the hands of the Syria-based group known
as the True Islamic Caliphate, could read as a tired rehashing of news headlines
or worse, as an attempt to cash in on a currently trending hot topic.

Holm avoids both these pitfalls by making Red Right Hand less about the means of
the attack and more about what happens in the minutes, the hours, the days
afterward. Of course, it's not during every terrorist attack that a long-dead
(or is he?) criminal-turned-federal witness turns up on social media, setting
off his own chain of internal explosions within the FBI and its less-than-legal
counterpart. Even when the grainy image of Frank Segreti, a Council-affiliated
killer with a long list of bodies to his name, shows up in cell phone footage,
Holm still steers the story away from big, showy action that leaves human
emotions smoldering in the bone dust left behind.

It's here that the split narrative comes into play, the careful bifurcation of
the macro and the micro. "[O]n the national scale, [it] is very public: an
investigation, a manhunt, a security response," explains Holm. "The other, at
ground zero, is very private: countless acts of bravery and venality, countless
friendships forged or torn asunder, countless moments of fear and hope and loss.
In a way, it's like a localized apocalypse."

Both Hendricks--who reluctantly travels to San Francisco at the urging of FBI
Special Agent Charlie Thompson to find and protect Frank Segreti from the
Council who want him dead--and Segreti flit in and out of moments of bravery and
venality, slippery men both. To say it's unexpected that a man compiled an
extensive, creative kill list for the Council would befriend a recent widow in
the wake of the San Francisco attack, and that their tender though never sexual
interactions would form much of the emotional core of a novel about extremists
and bombs, is a gross understatement. But those are the kinds of books Holm
writes. In addition to his acclaimed series debut, The Killing Kind, and myriad
short stories, he's also written the "Collector Trilogy"--Dead Harvest, The
Wrong Goodbye, and The Big Reap--which reimagines fantasy through the lens of
crime pulp.

Holm's writerly fascinations revolve around questions of what makes ostensibly
good people do bad things, and how bad someone can be without becoming
irredeemable. Through Hendricks, the author explores both. Two books into the
series, and whether Hendricks is a "good guy" or a "bad guy" is not only
impossible to answer, but also no longer seems relevant. Hendricks might be a
killer, but he destroys even more sadistic assassins who are hell-bent on taking
out their targets, civilian casualties be damned. Still, does that make
Hendricks, the man who does our dirty work, "bad?" No. It makes the world a
place full of uncertainties and grey areas.

It's fitting that Holm would set most of the novel's action in the same foggy
bayside California city as Alfred Hitchcock's 1958 film, Vertigo, another tale
of shifting identities with a bifurcated narrative. "It was only as I started
writing," notes Holm, "that the thematic resonances with Vertigo began to bubble
to the surface of my mind.... I fell in love with Hitchcock's films way before I
should have been allowed to watch them. As a storyteller, he's unparalleled, and
he's doubtless warped my mind in countless ways." As the author puts it, "The
slipperiness of what we consider to be our essential selves is a common through
line in all my books. Whether Hitchcock is to blame for that, or he simply
tapped into a preexisting fascination in me, I'm not sure."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2016 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          September 17, 2009 Thursday

Afghanistan's other front

BYLINE: Joseph Kearns Goodwin

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: Concord, Massachusetts

ABSTRACT

Fighting the pervasive venality of the Karzai government must be a priority.

FULL TEXT

Allegations of ballot-stuffing in the presidential election in Afghanistan last
month are now so widespread that a recount is necessary, and perhaps even a
runoff. Yet this electoral chicanery pales in comparison to the systemic,
day-to-day corruption within the administration of President Hamid Karzai, who
has claimed victory in the election. Without a concerted campaign to fight this
pervasive venality, all our efforts there, including the sending of additional
troops, will be in vain.

I have just returned from Afghanistan, where I spent seven months as a special
adviser to NATO's director of communications.

On listening tours across the country, we left behind the official procession of
armored S.U.V.'s, bristling guns and imposing flak jackets that too often
encumber coalition forces when they arrive in local villages. Dressed in
civilian clothes and driven in ordinary cars, we were able to move around in a
manner less likely to intimidate and more likely to elicit candor.

The recurring complaint I heard from Afghans centered on the untenable
encroachment of government corruption into their daily lives - the homeowner who
has to pay a bribe to get connected to the sewage system, the defendant who
tenders payment to a judge for a favorable verdict.

People were so incensed with the current government's misdeeds that I often
heard the disturbing refrain: "If Karzai is re-elected, then I am going to join
the Taliban."

If there is any entity more reviled in Afghanistan than the Karzai government
and coalition forces, it is the Taliban, so I never took these desperate
exclamations to be literally true. But these outbursts reveal a disgust with the
current government so pronounced it cannot be dismissed. And the international
community's reluctance to fight corruption head-on has inextricably linked it
with the despised administration. As we continue to give unequivocal support to
a crooked government, our credibility is greatly diminished and the difficulty
of our mission greatly increased.

Forcing a change in the endemic culture of corruption cannot be an afterthought.
It must be the priority of the international forces, oversight agencies and
countries that have invested so much blood and treasure in Afghanistan. How,
then, do we go about it?

First, a document clearly outlining both a code of government conduct and a plan
to combat corruption must be signed by all significant actors in the region. The
Afghan government's reluctance to make such a commitment in a meaningful manner
must be overcome by relentless pressure from the international community. The
government must be made to understand that this is an essential condition for
continued support - as fundamental as its help in hunting down the enemy.

There also need to be viable mechanisms for the population to report corruption.
They could take a number of forms: ombudsmen committees that would travel
throughout the countryside, or phone lines and drop boxes that could collect
complaints while protecting the whistleblowers.

Even the Taliban understand the need for an outlet to expose government
misconduct: according to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike
Mullen, in an article he wrote for Joint Force Quarterly, the Taliban, despite
their astonishing brutality, have begun to "allow people to file formal
complaints against local Talib leaders."

We must ensure that credible complaints are reported up the chain of command,
both Afghan and international, and investigated thoroughly instead of vanishing
thanks to some political or personal favor. Ultimately this process should be
monitored by an anti-corruption unit of the Afghan national police and
prosecuted by the Afghan attorney general's office; but just as international
forces provide direction, training and oversight to local military operations,
so too the international community must be closely involved with, even leading
as necessary, anti-corruption efforts until Afghan bodies are able to do so
alone.

Of course, there must also be consequences for inaction: We must withhold
financial support from those districts or government agencies that do not meet
the agreed-upon goals for transparency and accountability.

Finally, when judging the success of efforts to combat corruption we must do so
from the point of view of ordinary Afghans. For instance, how many times is a
truck driver transporting cargo from Herat to Kabul forced to stop and hand over
a bribe at police "checkpoints"? Or how many palms must a local businessman
grease to win a government reconstruction contract? By simply observing daily
tasks that have thus far been obstacle courses of graft we can begin to see how
the battle against corruption is progressing.

Afghans' lack of faith in their government is as damaging as the armed
insurgency. Indeed, our failure to combat corruption not only undermines our
efforts to build governmental institutions deserving of the confidence and
support of the Afghan people, but also threatens all our labors in their
country.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joseph Kearns Goodwin was a captain in the U.S. Army and served in both
Iraq and Afghanistan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Betrayal

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 951 words


Today is Rod Blagojevich's 52nd birthday. It should be the last one he spends as
governor of Illinois.

He has betrayed the citizens of his state. He is not fit to hold public office.
If he doesn't have the good sense to resign - and this is a man capable of
endless self-delusion - he at least should step aside temporarily as permitted
under the state Constitution. If he fails to do so, the House should begin work
immediately on a bill of impeachment for malfeasance in office.

The state Constitution gives the House sole discretion to investigate and
determine cause for impeachment. There's nothing about "high crimes and
misdemeanors," as in the federal constitution. But if the House members can't
find sufficient cause in the 76-page criminal complaint filed Tuesday, they're
as deluded as the governor.

Mr. Blagojevich's own words, recorded by FBI phone wiretaps and listening
devices at his Chicago home and campaign offices, should be sufficient for a
majority of the House to approve articles of impeachment:

- He blatantly discussed selling a U.S. Senate seat, the one vacated by
President-elect Barack Obama. The seat, the governor said, "is a [expletive]
valuable thing, you don't just give it away for nothing."

- Mr. Blagojevich tried to get a Chicago Tribune editorial writer fired for
writing negative pieces about the governor, threatening to withhold financial
assistance to the Tribune's owner, who needed state assistance to secure a $100
million tax break if he sold the Tribune-owned Wrigley Field.

- He discussed withholding an $8 million appropriation for a children's hospital
unless the hospital's chief executive came through with an anticipated campaign
contribution.

State Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas R. Fitzgerald would preside over any
impeachment trial in the state Senate. A two-thirds majority is necessary for
removal from office.

That ought to be a slam dunk. In fact, any senator who votes against impeachment
ought to be impeached himself. Mr. Blagojevich's words leave no room for doubt.
His words are shocking in their venality, stunning in their arrogance, appalling
in their greed.

Whether he is guilty of the two criminal charges brought against him Tuesday -
bribery and conspiracy to commit fraud - is a separate matter. On Tuesday, five
hours after Mr. Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, were arrested
at their respective Chicago homes, U.S. Attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald [no
relation to the chief justice] said that under normal circumstances, he would
have preferred to wait until the investigation was further along before seeking
indictments.

But Mr. Blagojevich's own greed and arrogance made that impossible. By hawking a
Senate seat like a rotisserie oven on Home Shopping Network; by making what Mr.
Fitzgerald called an "extortionate attempt" against the Chicago Tribune; by
continuing to strong-arm state contractors for campaign contributions ahead of
the Jan. 1 starting date for the state's new anti- "pay-to-play" law and by
threatening to withhold hospital money, the governor forced Mr. Fitzgerald's
hand.

Given Mr. Fitzgerald's track record (convictions of one Illinois governor,
George Ryan, and several of his cronies; convictions of several Blagojevich
cronies; the conviction of New York mob boss John Gotti; and the conviction of
I. Lewis Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney), it was incredibly
arrogant of Mr. Blagojevich to continue conducting his seamy business as usual.
But other than venality, arrogance has been Mr. Blagojevich's strongest trait.

This is a tragedy - not in the sense that, say, Darfur is a tragedy, but in the
Shakespearian sense: a good man brought down by his own pride. Rod Blagojevich,
in many ways, has been a people's governor. He extended health care benefits to
an additional 500,000 Illinoisans and made sure all children without health
insurance were eligible for state coverage. He increased the state minimum wage.
He created free pre-school for all 4-year-olds.

But he never met a fight he wouldn't pick or a leader he wouldn't offend. Right
now, he could use a few friends.

House Speaker Michael Madigan, D-Chicago, the governor's bitter rival, is the
man in charge of deciding when, or if, the House begins impeachment proceedings.
Pat Quinn, the lieutenant governor, has been talking about recalling the
governor. Mr. Quinn would become governor if Mr. Blagojevich left, and as
governor, he would appoint Mr. Obama's successor in the Senate. Mr. Blagojevich
could make the appointment himself, despite being under indictment, but the seat
would come with such a taint that only a desperate person would take it.

Mr. Madigan and Mr. Quinn on Tuesday both called on Mr. Blagojevich to resign.
The state is looking at a $2 billion budget deficit, and impeachment proceedings
could tie up the legislature for months. That gives Mr. Blagojevich an opening:
Resignation is the right step, but a resignation - to use Mr. Blagojevich's
description of a U.S. Senate seat - "is a [expletive] valuable thing. You don't
just give it away for nothing."

He could approach prosecutors with an offer to resign in return for a guilty
plea and a reduced sentence, thus saving the state months of gridlock during an
impeachment proceeding and sparing Mr. Obama the distraction of a political
sideshow in his home state. A further incentive: Patti Blagojevich, the
governor's wife, is heard on those wiretaps discussing the Tribune deal, and she
may end up with legal troubles, too.

If the governor were an honorable man, he would step aside and let the law take
its course. Questions about his honor have been settled. All the governor has to
trade is his office. Unfortunately, he's used to that.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Our View  |  ILLINOIS GOVERNMENT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Betrayal OUR VIEW | ILLINOIS GOVERNMENT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 951 words


Today is Rod Blagojevich's 52nd birthday. It should be the last one he spends as
governor of Illinois.

He has betrayed the citizens of his state. He is not fit to hold public office.
If he doesn't have the good sense to resign - and this is a man capable of
endless self-delusion - he at least should step aside temporarily as permitted
under the state Constitution. If he fails to do so, the House should begin work
immediately on a bill of impeachment for malfeasance in office.

The state Constitution gives the House sole discretion to investigate and
determine cause for impeachment. There's nothing about "high crimes and
misdemeanors," as in the federal constitution. But if the House members can't
find sufficient cause in the 76-page criminal complaint filed Tuesday, they're
as deluded as the governor.

Mr. Blagojevich's own words, recorded by FBI phone wiretaps and listening
devices at his Chicago home and campaign offices, should be sufficient for a
majority of the House to approve articles of impeachment:

- He blatantly discussed selling a U.S. Senate seat, the one vacated by
President-elect Barack Obama. The seat, the governor said, "is a [expletive]
valuable thing, you don't just give it away for nothing."

- Mr. Blagojevich tried to get a Chicago Tribune editorial writer fired for
writing negative pieces about the governor, threatening to withhold financial
assistance to the Tribune's owner, who needed state assistance to secure a $100
million tax break if he sold the Tribune-owned Wrigley Field.

- He discussed withholding an $8 million appropriation for a children's hospital
unless the hospital's chief executive came through with an anticipated campaign
contribution.

State Supreme Court Chief Justice Thomas R. Fitzgerald would preside over any
impeachment trial in the state Senate. A two-thirds majority is necessary for
removal from office.

That ought to be a slam dunk. In fact, any senator who votes against impeachment
ought to be impeached himself. Mr. Blagojevich's words leave no room for doubt.
His words are shocking in their venality, stunning in their arrogance, appalling
in their greed.

Whether he is guilty of the two criminal charges brought against him Tuesday -
bribery and conspiracy to commit fraud - is a separate matter. On Tuesday, five
hours after Mr. Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, were arrested
at their respective Chicago homes, U.S. Attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald [no
relation to the chief justice] said that under normal circumstances, he would
have preferred to wait until the investigation was further along before seeking
indictments.

But Mr. Blagojevich's own greed and arrogance made that impossible. By hawking a
Senate seat like a rotisserie oven on Home Shopping Network; by making what Mr.
Fitzgerald called an "extortionate attempt" against the Chicago Tribune; by
continuing to strong-arm state contractors for campaign contributions ahead of
the Jan. 1 starting date for the state's new anti- "pay-to-play" law and by
threatening to withhold hospital money, the governor forced Mr. Fitzgerald's
hand.

Given Mr. Fitzgerald's track record (convictions of one Illinois governor,
George Ryan, and several of his cronies; convictions of several Blagojevich
cronies; the conviction of New York mob boss John Gotti; and the conviction of
I. Lewis Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney), it was incredibly
arrogant of Mr. Blagojevich to continue conducting his seamy business as usual.
But other than venality, arrogance has been Mr. Blagojevich's strongest trait.

This is a tragedy - not in the sense that, say, Darfur is a tragedy, but in the
Shakespearian sense: a good man brought down by his own pride. Rod Blagojevich,
in many ways, has been a people's governor. He extended health care benefits to
an additional 500,000 Illinoisans and made sure all children without health
insurance were eligible for state coverage. He increased the state minimum wage.
He created free pre-school for all 4-year-olds.

But he never met a fight he wouldn't pick or a leader he wouldn't offend. Right
now, he could use a few friends.

House Speaker Michael Madigan, D-Chicago, the governor's bitter rival, is the
man in charge of deciding when, or if, the House begins impeachment proceedings.
Pat Quinn, the lieutenant governor, has been talking about recalling the
governor. Mr. Quinn would become governor if Mr. Blagojevich left, and as
governor, he would appoint Mr. Obama's successor in the Senate. Mr. Blagojevich
could make the appointment himself, despite being under indictment, but the seat
would come with such a taint that only a desperate person would take it.

Mr. Madigan and Mr. Quinn on Tuesday both called on Mr. Blagojevich to resign.
The state is looking at a $2 billion budget deficit, and impeachment proceedings
could tie up the legislature for months. That gives Mr. Blagojevich an opening:
Resignation is the right step, but a resignation - to use Mr. Blagojevich's
description of a U.S. Senate seat - "is a [expletive] valuable thing. You don't
just give it away for nothing."

He could approach prosecutors with an offer to resign in return for a guilty
plea and a reduced sentence, thus saving the state months of gridlock during an
impeachment proceeding and sparing Mr. Obama the distraction of a political
sideshow in his home state. A further incentive: Patti Blagojevich, the
governor's wife, is heard on those wiretaps discussing the Tribune deal, and she
may end up with legal troubles, too.

If the governor were an honorable man, he would step aside and let the law take
its course. Questions about his honor have been settled. All the governor has to
trade is his office. Unfortunately, he's used to that.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Our View  |  ILLINOIS GOVERNMENT

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Review: Teju Cole's 'Every Day Is for the Thief' ponders life -- and misery --
in modern Nigeria

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment; Books

LENGTH: 683 words


Imagine an observant writer like the late W.G. Sebald reborn as a Nigerian
exile, returning to and wandering about that country's teeming, chaotic capital,
Lagos. That, in broad strokes, is the voice of the narrator of Teju Cole's fine
novel, "Every Day Is for the Thief."

"The air in the strange environment of this city is dense with story, and it
draws me into thinking of life as stories," Cole's unnamed narrator says, as he
becomes more deeply immersed in the disorder, the striving, the corruption and
the inventiveness of Lagos and its people.

Cole earned a following in the United States for his 2011 PEN Faulkner
Award-winning novel "Open City," about a Nigerian immigrant and his wanderings
in New York City and other places.

The U.S.-born Cole was raised and educated in Nigeria. Before "Open City," he
had written "Every Day Is for the Thief," published in Nigeria in 2007 and now
issued by Random House in the U.S. Billed as fiction, it reads much more like
travelogue. It tells the story of an unnamed narrator's return to Nigeria after
a decade in the United States, and it begins in a small patch of Nigeria on U.S.
soil -- the Nigerian consulate in New York.

When the narrator insists on a receipt for the bribe he has to pay to get his
passport, the official behind the counter asks, "Why trouble yourself? ...
Aren't you more interested in getting your passport than trying to prove a
point?"

Reflecting on the question, the narrator writes, "Yes, but isn't it this casual
complicity that has sunk our country so deep into its woes?"

When he returns to Lagos, the narrator feels overwhelmed by the venality of the
city's life -- from the blatant requests for bribes from customs agents and
police officers, to the pathetic pleas of beggars and the extortion schemes of
bands of criminals known as "area youth." Even the cool record shop Cole's
narrator finds is selling pirated copies of the music.

Cole's narrator never gets used to the idea that money will always trump rules,
regulations and reason. And questions of how ethics should work in a land of
endless need take up much of "Every Day Is for the Thief."

As in "Open City," there isn't much of a plot in "Thief." There's a back story
about the narrator's broken family life, but his return is not tinged with
nostalgia. When the narrator encounters people or places that remind him of his
youth, it's mostly to put into sharper focus the tragedy of the present, as in
the case of an old school friend who has died in an accident, a story the novel
recounts with a kind of stunned distance.

In fact, Cole's narrator approaches just about everything in Lagos with a great
deal of emotional distance, as if he were trying to protect himself from his
fraught native country. At times the book feels like an essay or an extended
lament of Nigeria's woes, as when he visits the country's national museum and
finds the exhibits embarrassingly lacking and poorly prepared.

Quoting Fela Kuti's song "Shuffering and Shmiling," Cole's narrator writes that
"there is a tremendous cultural pressure to claim that one is happy, even when
one is not. ... It is wrong to be unhappy." The narrator clearly won't accept
false happiness. The years he's spent in America have given him too much
perspective.

"I am not going to move back to Lagos," Cole's narrator writes, not long after
concluding the "venality," "the general air of surrender" and "helplessness" in
Nigeria are too much to bear. "No way. I don't care if there are a million
untold stories." A few sentences later, however, he writes, "I am going to move
back to Lagos. I must."

One senses the author is also of two minds about the country and city that
helped form him. Despite everything, he sees beauty there, above all in the
creativity and resilience of its people.

"Every Day Is for the Thief" is a wonderful meditation on modern African life;
more than that, it never fails to find a thoughtful and essential thing to say,
with each of its finely crafted sentences and paragraphs offering a vision of
justice and order to a people beset by so many woes.

Random House, $23, 176 pages

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  November 22, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

Rage Sharpens Conservative Rhetoric; Gore Accused of Trying to Mount Coup

Thomas B. Edsall , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1123 words


Conservative anger over the Florida recount has gained such intensity and
momentum that leaders of the American right are now accusing Vice President Gore
of trying to destroy democracy and mounting an illegal coup to take over the
White House.

With extraordinary speed, conservatives have demonized Gore as the epitome of
the kind of venality and corruption they more typically ascribe to Bill and
Hillary Clinton. Gore, in the words of the Weekly Standard, learned the lesson
of impeachment that "taught the Democrats that they can get away with anything."

Such anger is certain to intensify in the wake of last night's Florida Supreme
Court ruling.

The stalled outcome of the presidential election has tapped into the deeply held
belief by conservatives that they won a strong mandate when the GOP captured
both houses of Congress in 1994--but were frustrated by the political
machinations of President Clinton. Now, they say, Gore is employing similar
tactics to block George W. Bush's ascendancy to the White House.

"Gore and Clinton have lost the democratic branches of government," said Grover
Norquist, head of Americans for Tax Reform. "They know that in a fair fight,
they will lose their presidency and they are retreating to their redoubt of
trial lawyers and politicized judges."

Marshall Wittmann, an analyst at the Hudson Institute who is relatively moderate
in his views of the election dispute in Florida, said many of his colleagues on
the political right are convinced that "there would have been a conservative
ascendancy had not it been for the venality of the Clinton-Gore team. From the
1994 election to the government shutdown, through impeachment, to this point, it
has been a seamless web, tied back to the 1992 Clinton campaign and Gennifer
Flowers and draft-dodging--and Gore is viewed as the person spinning that web."

From talk radio to cable television to the editorial pages of the Wall Street
Journal, the howl of conservative pain and anger has steadily risen in pitch and
volume.

"This may be the worst thing I've ever seen," declared former education
secretary William Bennett during a hostile brawl on CNN's "Capital Gang." "Al
Gore is trying to steal this election."

Rush Limbaugh, the king of conservative talk radio, described Gore as suffering
from "an unquenchable thirst for power."

Janet Parshall, a talk show host who shares many of Limbaugh's views, said in a
CNN interview: "There's a movie opening this weekend called 'The Grinch Who
Stole Christmas,' and some of my listeners are wondering if there are some
grinches afoot that might steal an election" in a clear reference to the Gore
campaign. Referring to Bush, she added, "But there's another movie that's out
called 'Men of Honor.' "

Not to be outdone, David Tell editorialized in the conservative Weekly Standard:
"Al Gore's attempted coup has exactly tracked the trajectory of the Monica
Lewinsky episode, his mentor's own triumph over ancient taboos of American
public life. . . . Gore has pursued his goal with a speed and cynical genius
that Bill Clinton never dreamed of."

Writing in the Wall Street Journal, Peggy Noonan declared: "The Gore-Clinton
Democratic Party is trying to steal the election. . . . This crew we have now,
Messrs. Gore and Clinton and their operatives, they seem, to my astonishment as
an American, to be men who would never put their country's needs before their
own if there were even the mildest of conflicts between the two. America is the
platform of their ambitions, not the driving purpose of them."

In two columns, George F. Will denounced Gore's Florida claims as "slow-motion
larceny" and referred to the vice president's "serial mendacity."

The "Clinton-Gore era culminates with an election as stained as the blue dress,"
Will wrote. "Consider his [Gore's] political ethics, which flow from his
corrupting hunger for power."

The left has not been lacking in hot rhetoric. Jesse L. Jackson compared the
Florida recount to the voting rights struggle in Selma, Ala.: "We marched too
much, bled too profusely and died too young. We must not surrender."

And Democratic Gore supporters have not hesitated to attack Florida Secretary of
State Katherine Harris. Paul Begala has called her "a dilettante debutante
Republican hack" and Democratic lawyer Alan Dershowitz said Harris is "a crook
and an operative." But Democrats have offered little direct criticism of Bush
that resembles the critique of Al Gore from the right.

The conflict has changed the culture of the Washington media. Last weekend,
CNN's "Capital Gang," the normally friendly show where journalists and
politicians of the left and right voice their opinions of world events, turned
into a hostile battleground.

Bennett, author of "The Book of Virtues," declared the election would be
"illegitimate if Al Gore becomes president." Bennett told the four-member panel
of columnists: "If you don't call the kind the thuggish tactics that the Gore
campaign is doing right now for what they are, I think the notion of objectivity
in the media is gone."

"I just cannot disagree more strenuously," countered liberal co-host Mark
Shields. "Al Gore as we sit here leads in the national popular vote. Al Gore has
more electoral votes than George W. Bush. There is no question that hand
counting is more accurate than machine counting. . . . You can sit there from
your Olympian perch and issue your moral thunderbolts."

Later in the show, Bennett commented, "This may be my last appearance on the
'Capital Gang.' "

Thomas Mann, a Brookings Institution political scientist, said conservative
rhetoric has begun to approach "what we saw at the worst of the impeachment
fervor, unbridled self-righteous defiance and venom, bordering on conservative
McCarthyism with accusations of traitorous behavior."

Bennett, Mann contended, "has lost his ability to be an arbiter of moral
behavior. He's become a partisan in the worst sense of the word." Repeated
attempts to contact Bennett over two days were unsuccessful.

Mann said the intensity of the anti-Gore views may be related to the feeling
among many conservatives that "the election would be a walk for Bush, that
finally they would have unified Republican government and pursue the agenda that
has been frustrated. And anything to frustrate that is obviously illegitimate."

Tell, author of the Weekly Standard's outspoken editorial criticizing Gore,
acknowledged that he may be only "one in a thousand" who sees the vice
president's actions in strongly negative terms. He said the public is numb from
repeated scandals: "Why are the peasants not in the streets with torches?" he
asked rhetorically. "I would leave that to a sociologist."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              22 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Artists should recognise when to call it a day;
Creative geniuses who are over the hill should be told the truth by their
producer or publisher

BYLINE: Melanie Phillips

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION COLUMNS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 768 words


@melanielatest Iwas once a terrific fan of Woody Allen films. I rolled around in
stitches over Sleeper, Love and Death and Everything You Always Wanted to Know
About Sex but Were Afraid to Ask. Yes, his movies were often about himself, but
he was laughing at himself and we laughed with him.

Three decades ago, that all changed. Allen stopped laughing at himself and
instead set out to find the Meaning of Life. One movie after another turned out
to be a turkey. Instead of comedy, he served up self-obsession and self-regard
swathed in pretension.

Irrational Man, his latest film which has opened in the UK, is about a
philosophy professor whose life is meaningless and who rediscovers a purpose to
life (and his libido) through committing a "moral" crime. Are we supposed to
cheer or condemn? It's not clear, and leaves us emotionally disengaged by
characters typically devoid of humanity. Dostoevsky this is not. It's another
turkey.

A creative writer should know when to stop. We journalists can go on for ever
(sorry about that) because the world is constantly changing. Maybe that's why
the originality of Dickens, whose novels were also social commentaries, never
seemed to be exhausted. By contrast, the work of other writers sometimes seems
to reach a natural conclusion, in which the themes of their previous works are
drawn together and arrive at some kind of resolution.

EM Forster achieved this when, after several literary gems, he wrote A Passage
to India. After that masterpiece there was surely nothing left for him to say,
and he didn't try.

George Eliot's work surely reached its natural conclusion with Middlemarch,
arguably the most profound, penetrating and mature novel ever penned by a
British author. Yet five years later, in 1876, she published the significantly
flawed Daniel Deronda.

Woody Allen should have drawn his own line in the creative sand by sticking to
poking fun at himself. His transition to callow, dishonest and ultimately
tedious self-justification took place in his iconic late-1970s movies, Manhattan
and Annie Hall.

Despite their charm (for which I fell at the time) and ostensible satiric
intent, both films essentially sanitise permanent adolescence and worse, with
42-year-old Isaac's schoolgirl girlfriend in Manhattan foreshadowing Allen's own
highly dubious domestic affairs. Looking back, that's where the rot set in.

Other writers have fallen into similar traps. John le Carré wrote brilliant
thrillers that gained their power from political and psychological insights
framed by the Cold War, which he observed with a gimlet eye. We felt he knew it
all from the inside.

Then he wrote A Perfect Spy, his fine exploration of filial anguish behind a
life of deception. It was the culmination of his long exploration of loyalty and
treachery, and it's where his novels should have stopped. But they didn't. Le
Carré tried to adapt to the new geopolitical realities after the fall of
communism but this has never rung true; his latest novel, A Delicate Truth,
about the world of jihadists and defence contractors, reads like lazy agitprop
and caricature.

Similarly, JK Rowling should have rested on her laurels with the Harry Potter
books. These cleverly written children's stories captured the imagination of
millions of young readers around the world. But she went on to write adult
detective stories under the name of Robert Galbraith. These are excruciatingly
bad: lifeless and plodding.

One suspects that such disappointing descents from the dizzy heights of Mount
Parnassus result from a mixture of awe and venality on the part of the editors,
publishers, movie studio bosses and others who profit from such creative titans.

Awe because the more titanic the reputation, the more inhibited publishers and
producers might become in daring to venture a critical opinion. And venality in
that the temptation to milk the cash cow still further must be almost
overwhelming.

Sensible artists get out while they are ahead. Fawlty Towers, the utterly
brilliant and original TV comedy, ran for just 12 episodes before its writers,
John Cleese and Connie Booth, ended it. Its fans (including me) were bereft. But
these writers knew their own limits.

Contrast that with TV's equally brilliant Yes, Prime Minister which was
disastrously reworked after a gap of some 25 years. The new version fell flat
because, in the intervening period, the culture of politics and the civil
service had moved on.

Creative genius is not given to many of us. But scarcely less valuable is the
gift of knowing when to call it a day.

John Le Carré's latest novel reads like lazy agitprop and caricature

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Emma Stone and Joaquin Phoenix in Woody Allen's latest film, Irrational
Man

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

You think your winter was rough?

BYLINE: BY NICHOLAS KRISTOF

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 800 words

ABSTRACT

Let's take a break from recriminations about human venality to laud a triumph of
human strength.

FULL TEXT

In October, two young Americans set off on the most daring and foolhardy
wilderness expedition since, oh, maybe Lewis and Clark.

They were trying to become the first people ever to backpack from Canada to
Mexico on the Pacific Crest Trail in the dead of winter. Once before, in 1983,
two people set out to traverse the trail in winter. They never made it. Their
bodies were found a month after they fell off an icy cliff.

A winter thru-hike of the Pacific Crest Trail seemed impossible. The trail is
covered by many feet of snow that time of year, and, even if the two explorers
managed to find their way, they risked triggering avalanches, plunging through
ice into rivers, or simply running out of food while trapped in blizzards.

''People said it was a death sentence,'' Shawn Forry, one of the hikers, told
me. He had estimated half-jokingly at the start that they had a 17 percent
chance of succeeding.

But he spoke to me shortly after he and Justin Lichter reached the Mexican
border on Sunday, completing their 2,650-mile odyssey - and surviving frostbite,
blizzards, tumbles into frozen rivers and 1,750 consecutive trail miles without
encountering a single other hiker.

Perhaps it feels a little self-indulgent to celebrate two guys who took a long
walk. But what a walk! Like the 4-minute mile or the free climb of the Dawn Wall
at Yosemite, this is something that seemed beyond human capacity - and then
humans did it.

So let's take a break from current affairs and recriminations about human
venality to laud a triumph of human strength.

It helped that the two men were enormously experienced. Forry is a wilderness
instructor for Outward Bound. Lichter works on a ski patrol and said he has
hiked 35,000 miles, equivalent to nearly one and a half times around Earth. He
gave up one long backpack across East Africa when lions were stalking him.

Both Forry and Lichter had hiked the entire Pacific Crest Trail in summer -
itself an ultimate test of endurance (fewer people have thru-hiked the full
trail than have climbed Mount Everest). But they wanted to see it in another
season.

''With the snow, there's so much natural beauty,'' Lichter said. ''It's so
peaceful. And the frozen rivers have these strange ice formations.''

They used snowshoes and, in California, skis, while carrying loads of up to 45
pounds, including food (they resupplied every week or so). Winter storms were
frequent. When it snowed at night, they would get up every 30 minutes to push
snow off their tarp to keep it from collapsing on them. In white-outs, they
could barely see and stayed close to each other - except when crossing avalanche
zones, when they had to separate to ensure that they would not both get buried
in the same avalanche.

Even drinking water was a challenge. ''You're surrounded by frozen water, but
you don't have easy access to it to drink,'' Forry said. They used a stove to
melt snow for drinking water.

The worst period, they said, came in the Oregon mountains when a huge snowfall
and below-zero temperatures left them with frostbitten feet. They were able to
warm up and avoid permanent damage, yet they still had another 2,000 miles to
go.

''At times, you're pulling your knee up to your chest to take the next step, to
get it above the snow - and that's in snowshoes,'' Forry said.

Barney Mann, the chairman of the Pacific Crest Trail Association and unofficial
historian of the trail, said that after the frostbite incident he had doubted
that Forry and Lichter would succeed.

''It's the unrelenting cold,'' Mann said. ''It's the unrelenting snow. It's the
moment-by-moment challenge of navigation when everything is white.''

One difficult day came in northern California when a storm dropped 10 inches of
rain in 24 hours, winds reached 70 miles per hour and both men tumbled into a
swollen torrent of a river that left them and their gear drenched and frigid.

Yet, in spite of all those challenges, they still urge people to try winter
camping - carefully.

''I really encourage people to get out in the winter,'' Forry said. ''You have
it to yourself, and it's so peaceful. But start with a day trip - that way if
anything goes wrong, you're near your car.''

I'm delighted to announce that the winner of my annual win-a-trip contest is
Austin Meyer, a journalism student at Stanford University. We'll probably travel
to India and Bangladesh, although Congo is an alternate possibility. The
runners-up are Ashley Bastock of John Carroll University, Taylor Graham of
Ithaca College and Sam Friedlander of the University of Pennsylvania. Thanks to
the Center for Global Development for helping me pick Austin from a dazzling
field of 450 applicants. Stay tuned for a great reporting trip!

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                        March 18, 1996 - March 24, 1996

INCORRUPTIBLE

BYLINE: Toby Zinman

SECTION: LEGIT; LEGIT REVIEWS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 583 words


PHILADELPHIA An Arden Theater Company and City Theater of Pittsburgh
presentation of a play in two acts by Michael Hollinger. Directed by Terrence J.
Nolen. Sets, David P. Gordon; costumes, Marla J. Jurglanis; lighting, Tim
Saternow; sound, Eileen Tague; stage manager, Veronica Griego; production
manager, Matt Koropeckyj-Cox. Opened, reviewed March 12, 1996, at the Arden
Theater; 190 seats, $ 22 top. Running time: 2 HOURS, 10 MIN.

Cast: Tim Moyer (Brother Martin), Barbara Winters-Pinto (Peasant Woman), David
Doepken (Brother Olf), Douglas Wing (Abbot of Priseaux), Scott Greer (Brother
Felix), Peter Pryor (Jack), Juliette Dunn (Marie), Barbara Russell (Abbess of
Bernay).

As a satire on man's infinite capacity to sell out, "Incorruptible" seems to
provide its own feeble object lesson. Cute medieval monks in a cute medieval
monastery in a cute medieval dilemma: Their relic of St. Foy has ceased to
function, and not a single miracle has occurred in the past 13 years. Nobody
comes. Nobody goes. Everybody's broke, especially the poor.

Solution: Sell fake saints' bones by digging up graveyards. When you run out of
corpses, create some. How far will they go? Who cares? Without the talent and
energy of some fine comic actors, most notably Peter Pryor as Jack, the one-eyed
minstrel, the play would have died a merciful death; sure enough, "a little
leaven leaveneth the whole lump" (1 Corinthians, 5:6).

Because these 13th-century French monks are obviously contemporary, secular
people merely wearing funny clothes while speaking American slang, there is no
attempt to evoke time or place; worse, there is absolutely no sense that faith,
theology or the Bible (often but not wittily quoted ) really matters to these
monks any more than it matters to the audience. Venality is the assumption, and
venality is what we get -- until the very end, when the play suddenly shifts
into high holy gear and whips out a miracle, complete with spotlight, as the
one-eyed Jack sees with his blind eye. (Get it? Get it?)

Most of the play is stock farce (lots of doors, people in sacks, people playing
dead) and stock characters (the stupid oaf, the shrewd old lady, the whore with
the heart of gold). But with a lame and predictable joke ill-concealed behind
every altar and plodding direction that allows too many dead spaces in the
action, this dark comedy elicits laughs too rarely. There are several subplots
(lovers reunited, sibling rivalry between the Abbess and Abbot), none of which
matters a bit.

In addition to Pryor's energetic performance, Barbara Russell as the titanic
Abbess and Barbara Winters-Pinto as the Old Peasant Woman provide accomplished
comic turns. All the other performances are as flat as the script, which is ably
supported by an amateurish set.

The advance press on this play stressed repeatedly a modern analogue: Nonprofit
organizations, facing lack of funding, confront the need to bend their ideals to
achieve their goals. This analogy works only if you assume that medieval monks
felt that all that was at stake in moral and ethical compromise was the prick of
conscience rather than the fate of their eternal souls. It also assumes that
creating sitcom theater presumed to be commercially viable is justified in this
economically and artistically inhospitable climate; that we don't care any more
about art than we care about religion. "Thus were they defiled with their own
works, and went a whoring with their own inventions" (Psalms, 106:39).

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1996 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 10, 1987, Wednesday, Final Edition

Successful Side of Secret Deals: Big Profits for the Middlemen;
As Money Trail Becomes More Clear, So Does Focus on Venality

BYLINE: Joe Pichirallo, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A13

LENGTH: 1730 words


Despite the failings of both the secret sale of U.S. arms to Iran and the
clandestine effort to aid the Nicaraguan rebels, recent congressional testimony
has revealed that the operations were enormously successful in one respect: They
provided millions of dollars to the middlemen brokering the operations.

The Iran-contra affair, which erupted as a political scandal over misguided and
potentially illegal efforts to buck up the rebels with profits from arms sales
to Tehran, has taken on venal overtones. Republicans and Democrats alike have
focused less on what the operators knew and when they knew it, and more on how
much they made and how they spent it.

Even staunch congressional defenders of the White House seemed taken aback last
week by the revelation that the middlemen funneled $ 8 million into Swiss bank
accounts while steering only $ 4 million to support the contras. The middlemen,
according to businessman Albert A. Hakim, were so deft at making a profit that
they earned $ 860,000 for themselves on one weapons deal that actually lost
nearly $ 1 million.

Furthermore, using money garnered in part by charging exorbitant prices to Iran
for U.S. missiles -- money that Congress asserts belongs to the U.S. Treasury --
the brokers established their own venture capital fund to underwrite investment
deals as disparate as a timber operation in the Northwest and selling submachine
guns.

The veneer of "profit motive," Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) complained, "made a
bad situation worse."

Hatch's comment reflects the predicament in which he and other Republicans find
themselves at the end of nearly six weeks of testimony from 18 witnesses -- in
defending the administration, they cannot appear to sanction profiteering or to
condone even the hint of corruption.

"In some cases, the American flag that was being used to hide greed has been
pierced," Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) told reporters immediately after the first phase
of hearings ended yesterday afternoon.

When public hearings resume in two weeks, the issue of venality is certain to
surface again, particularly with the eventual appearance at the witness table by
Lt. Col. Oliver L. North.

The man lauded by President Reagan as "a national hero" will not only have to
answer hundreds of questions about policy failures but also queries about his
integrity, particularly whether he condoned efforts by Hakim to channel $
200,000 to North's family.

Members of the select committees also have suggested that they will recall for
further questioning Hakim's business partner, retired Air Force major general
Richard V. Secord, whose four days of answers early last month were sharply
contradicted by Hakim's testimony last week.

Secord, who swore last month that in mid-1985 he had renounced any profit from
the contra arms sale and that he never intended to benefit from the Iran sales,
reiterated that in an interview this week: "It is inaccurate to keep trying to
paint me as a profiteer when I denied I benefited directly . . . . I've never
seen so much preoccupation by so many important people with something I regard
to be small potatoes."

Committee members disagree. "The documents are very clear," Rep. Michael DeWine
(R-Ohio) told Hakim, "that you have made millions of dollars on this operation."
Hakim acknowledged that he saw the Iran initiative as an opportunity to get in
on the ground floor of new "business opportunities" that would be worth millions
to him and Secord if relations between Washington and Tehran improved.

Committee investigators, who include several full-time government accountants,
have sifted through reams of bank records and other documents to piece together
a money trail.

According to a congressional staff analysis, the trail shows that $ 8.2 million
in profits from arms sales to Iran was deposited in five Swiss accounts set up
by Hakim for himself, Secord and others. Another $ 1.4 million in profits from
earlier arms sales to the contras was also commingled with that.

Of the more than $ 9 million in the Swiss accounts, about $ 3.5 million was
spent on fees and commissions to Hakim and business associate Thomas Clines, and
to cover operational expenses. Secord received at least $ 136,000 of the $ 3.5
million for personal and business expenses, according to the congressional staff
analysis of the records. Furthermore, Secord and Hakim's firm, Stanford
Technology Trading Group International Inc., also received $ 500,000 in 1985 and
1986 from the Swiss Iran-contra accounts, according to the committees.

Another $ 250,000 was used as seed money for a series of private investments
that Hakim, Secord and other partners were contemplating last year. A memo Hakim
prepared on the investments proposed that Stanford Technology be converted into
a holding company to oversee four subsidiaries that would sell products ranging
from submachine guns to processed wheat to pharmaceutical products. Almost half
of this money was spent on a plan to buy 10,000 acres of forest land in
Washington state. Hakim testified that all of the schemes fell through.

Ownership of the remaining $ 6.7 million in the five Swiss "profit" accounts set
up by Hakim is now in dispute, as is an additional $ 1.4 million left over from
the operations that was not channeled into the "profit" accounts. Some members
of the congressional committees have strongly asserted that the money should be
"deeded" to the U.S. government.

Hakim countered that the money belongs to the "enterprise," the covert network
of dummy corporations and foreign bank accounts set up to execute the
Iran-contra operations. He also contends that there are substantial bills that
remain unpaid, including, for example, $ 2 million in "obligations" to Iranians
involved in hostage negotiations.

The large issue of who owns the money is tied to the related issue of whether
Secord, contrary to his denials, benefited from Hakim's financial manipulation
of the Iran-contra windfall. While acknowledging receipt of funds from Hakim
during the covert operations, Secord said this week that except for money to
cover operating expenses he was unaware that his partner had given him money
from the Iran-contra accounts.

Secord said that when he and Hakim became partners in mid-1983, Hakim agreed to
provide him with a series of loans in return for Secord's management and
marketing expertise until their firm made a profit. Secord said that two
payments he received -- one for $ 31,800 on March 25, 1985, and another for $
22,000 on Jan. 30, 1985 -- were loans from Hakim. Secord said he used the $
31,800 to buy a Porsche sports car, and about half of the $ 22,000 to cover
legal fees for his attorney, Thomas C. Green.

Hakim, however, testified last week that the $ 31,800 was not a loan; he was not
asked about the $ 22,000 payment.

Secord further said in interviews this week that Hakim told him a check for $
52,500 on Oct. 1, 1985, was his fee for consulting work done in the Middle East
that was unrelated to the Iran-contra affair. Secord said he bought a Piper
Seneca airplane for about $ 30,000 of the $ 52,500 and deposited most of the
balance in his personal bank account.

Secord also said Hakim arranged and financed a trip to an overseas clinic last
year because of concern about Secord's high blood pressure at the time. Records
show that the clinic cost $ 2,305.

Committee records also show Secord signing for a series of cash withdrawals --
totaling $ 28,000 between April 4 and Nov. 12, 1985 -- from the "profit" account
that Hakim established. Secord said he and Hakim made numerous trips overseas
during this period and used cash to cover expenses because the operation lacked
credit cards. Secord said he also gave cash to Clines to cover expenses in
arranging arms purchases in Portugal; the arms were later delivered to the
contras. (Committee records also show that Clines, a former CIA official and
longtime Secord friend, received $ 900,000 from a "profits" account that Hakim
set up for him.)

Secord also said that if Hakim continued to make deposits in Secord's account --
code named Korel Assets -- it was done without Secord's knowledge or
authorization. The retired general said he was hoping to return to government
service and was concerned that any stigma of profiting from contra arms sales
could hurt his chances.

Hakim, however, said he continued to set aside Secord's share because "there was
no offer to Gen. Secord, at least as much as I knew, to go back to the
government. And, I was not quite sure if that would occur or not, so I did not
change my pattern."

More than $ 1.5 million remains in the special account Hakim set up for Secord,
according to congressional investigators' analysis of Hakim's records. According
to a committee aide, investigators have concluded that about $ 700,000 of those
funds came from the Iran arms sales and were put in the account after Secord
renounced any profits.

Secord said it is wrong to view the Korel Assets account as one set up to hold
his profits because it was used to pay numerous bills for the operation.

For example, Secord said, $ 45,000 from the account that went to Green's law
firm was a finder's fee owed by an arms dealer Green had introduced to Secord as
part of the contra weapons sales.

Regardless of how the select committees eventually evaluate the middlemen, these
brokers seem to have been particularly ingenious at making money under difficult
circumstances. Hakim testified, for example, that last August he withdrew from
the Swiss Iran-contra accounts an $ 860,000 commission on an arms deal, even
though the operation was forced to sell the weapons at a loss.

According to Hakim's testimony and committee records, here is how the deal
worked:

The weapons were purchased for $ 2.1 million. Before the arms were resold, Hakim
immediately pulled $ 860,000 out of the Swiss accounts as a commission. He then
divided all but a small portion of the commission into three equal shares of $
258,000 and deposited the shares into the accounts he set up for himself, Secord
and Clines.

When a hitch developed in the proposed sale of the weapons to the contras, the
arms were sold to the Central Intelligence Agency for $ 1.2 million, creating a
$ 900,000 loss.

The commissions, however, were unaffected by the loss and the Iran-contra
accounts also absorbed the $ 900,000 loss.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THE IRAN-CONTRA HEARINGS

TYPE: ANALYSIS, NATIONAL NEWS, SERIES

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              26 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 16, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

An Empty Plant, Missing Jobs and Residents' Doubts

BYLINE: By ALESSANDRA STANLEY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1614 words

DATELINE: HORSEHEADS, N.Y.


Along Route 17 here on the way to Elmira lies a riddle as big as the Sphinx --
bigger, actually.

The sprawling 1.5 million-square-foot building covers almost as much ground as
the Pentagon, which it resembles. Many residents believe the unused property,
which belongs to the Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, a.k.a. A. & P., is
run more secretively than the Department of Defense.

Why this building, once the largest food processing plant in the world, has
remained vacant for 10 years is a mystery. It baffles elected officials, real
estate analysts and even some prospective buyers, who see the building as a
place where a new owner or tenant could create jobs.

Offers and Dark Suspicions

It has obsessed Elmira's 34,000 residents. They view the question so
passionately that the Chemung County Executive, G. Thomas Tranter Jr., was
elected to office in 1990 on a campaign pledge to travel to A. & P.'s
headquarters in Montvale, N.J., and confront its chairman, James Wood -- a
little like the film maker Michael Moore stalking the chairman of General
Motors, Roger Smith, in the documentary "Roger and Me." (In Montvale, Mr.
Tranter got only as far as the chief financial officer, Fred Corrado.)

"It has been very frustrating," Mr. Tranter said. "This has been the biggest
puzzle in this community for many years."

A. & P. insists it desperately wants to sell the property, but so far the
company has rejected all offers. Almost all the town's residents harbor dark
suspicions that the company has secret reasons for keeping its fortress-like
property empty. They view the matter as a contemporary Grimm's fairy tale,
pitting their community against a vast multinational corporate empire.

To outsiders, the struggle is a textbook case of how the interests of absentee
corporate landlords can clash with those of a community, even one as soberly
conservative and pro-business as Chemung County.

There are many theories about why A. & P. has not sold the building, none of
them wholly persuasive, but in the Elmira area they fall into two main schools
of thought -- venality or indifference.

"It's a tax write-off for them," Dawn Genung-Dunn, a saleswoman at the J. C.
Penney store in the Arnot Mall, said disdainfully. "Maybe it makes sense to a
big corporation," she added, "but to people who need jobs it's frustrating."

Maybe, Corporate Myopia

Variations on the money motive abound. Marty Muggleton, assistant director of
Southern Tier Economic Growth, a local economic development agency, suggested a
cover-up. "If it's on their books for $25 million, and they sell it for 14," he
said conspiratorially, "C.E.O.'s could lose their jobs." Senator Alfonse M.
D'Amato, who appealed directly to Mr. Wood to lease space in the building to
Xerox, said he also believed the corporation did not want to show a loss.

Mr. Corrado, however, said the plant's book value is around $13 million. In
fiscal year 1992, moreover, earnings at A. & P. dropped 50 percent from 1991 --
even though revenues increased slightly. That setback did not prevent Mr. Wood
from taking home $3.6 million in salary and bonus, as well as another $7 million
from a one-time stock option purchase. Forbes listed him as the ninth highest
paid executive of 1992.

Outside accountants insist that such a property offers no tax write-offs. A. &
P. pays more than $1 million a year in local taxes and in building maintenance.
Depreciation allowances ran out five years ago.

Representative Amory Houghton Jr., a Republican from Corning, who was chairman
of his family's company, Corning Inc., before entering Congress, espoused the
alternate explanation: corporate myopia. "I used to be in business myself," he
said. "You manage by exclusion -- the plant really hasn't been A-No. 1 important
to them."

Faint Hint of Chocolate

Erected here in 1964, the stately plant was designed as an industrial Xanadu to
prepare and distribute A. & P.'s own brands of food, everything from French
dressing to candy. (Inside, some vast storage rooms still smell slightly of
chocolate) At its height, the plant employed 1,800. By 1982, A. & P. was in
financial trouble and closed the plant. Since then, there have been few serious
prospective buyers. But there have been enough to persuade the locals that A. &
P. is a key impediment to a sale.

Last winter, Xerox expressed interest in leasing a portion of the space to
refurbish office equipment. The prospect of a Fortune 500 tenant pricked the
interest of John Summers, a Rochester developer, who offered to buy the building
if Xerox moved in.

Beside themselves with excitement, community leaders pulled out all the stops to
sweeten the deal. The county offered to lower taxes on the property 33 percent,
the Governor's office threw in a $1 million grant for improvements, the
Legislature scraped together another $500,000 for training employees.

The deal fell apart, said Robert W. Bivens, executive director of Southern Tier
Economic Growth, because A. & P. was slow to respond to Xerox's interest and
only lowered its rental price from $3 a square foot to $2.50 after incessant
needling -- and far too late. In May, Xerox chose a property in Monroe, Ohio. "I
sincerely believe Xerox wanted the building," Mr. Biven said.

Plant Called Hard to Sell

Mr. Corrado insisted that Xerox was never sincerely interested, saying Xerox had
feigned interest to win leverage in its negotiations in Ohio. "It's standard
business practice -- they used Elmira," Mr. Corrado said, "It was pretty clear
they were focused on Ohio."

Mr. Tranter and others bitterly dispute this view. Xerox officials declined to
comment, but Ronald R. Pollina, a Chicago-based corporate real-estate broker who
represented Xerox on the deal, said the company in Ohio offered a better
economic package. "We are dealing in a market that is very soft." He added, "The
lack of aggression on the part of A. & P. was most striking."

A. & P. executives seemed unaccustomed to such criticism. Calling elected
officials' laments "unproductive," Mr. Corrado said testily: "I would very much
like to tell those giving interviews to see how easy it is to sell this big a
property."

Mr. Corrado did not shed much light on the mystery. Indeed, he only added to it.
Prospective buyers say they have offered as much as $14 million and been
rejected, but Mr. Corrado said he would be happy "if someone could come in with
a buyer, even at $7 million." He said A. & P. wanted to rid itself of the plant,
"but no one has really made a legitimate offer that I can remember."

A Rochester developer, Thomas Maguire, says that he offered $14 million but that
A. & P. turned him down. "A. & P. is very difficult to do business with," he
said. New York State offered to buy the building for $13.7 million in 1989 and
turn it into a prison, but backed off when A. & P. declined to drop its price
below $25 million. That display of intransigence, unlike others, did not anger
leaders in the Elmira area, however. Much of the community was opposed to a
third prison in the area.

The area's fortunes have mirrored the ups and downs of A. & P. In the mid-80's,
when the once-mighty grocery store chain was mired in red ink, Elmira was
calling itself the "buckle of the rust belt" and was rated the sixth-most
distressed city in the country. Its turnaround began six years ago, when the
Toshiba Corporation moved into a closed Westinghouse plant near the A. & P.
plant and put 1,300 people to work.

The town's comeback was also oiled by local civic leaders' belated recollection
that Mark Twain was buried in Elmira. They shamelessly promoted Elmira as a
Twainophile tourist attraction (among other things, the chamber of commerce
changed its phone number to 1-800-MARK TWAIN.)

A. & P. experienced a major turnaround of its own in the late 80's after a
German conglomerate, the Tengelmann Group, bought a controlling interest in the
company and put James Wood in charge in 1980. The current recession, however,
has eaten away at the corporation's burst of prosperity. It has also intensified
ill will between A. & P. and the Elmira area, where unemployment has risen to 6
percent, up 50 percent since 1988.

Many in town bitterly recall lost opportunities, including an inquiry from the
Campbell Soup Company in 1989. Local officials believe A. & P. raised its price
from $18 million to $25 million when Campbell showed interest.

Mr. Corrado said he could not recall the details, and the executive who had
represented Campbell declined to comment. But at the time, Vincent Tese, the
State Commissioner of Economic Development, complained that by raising its
price, A. & P. had sabotaged "a done deal."

A tax dispute has further soured relations between A. & P. and local officials.
The corporation has kept the selling price for the plant at $25 million dollars,
but it recently went to court, seeking to have its tax assessment reduced from
$16 million to $7.5 million. The county is disputing the reduction.

A. & P. is aware that its reputation in upstate New York has suffered.  "It's
not pleasant," Mr. Corrado said. "People get a negative impression of us as a
corporate citizen." Last month, A. & P. gave a Rochester real estate broker,
Douglas C. Berkhardt, an exclusive contract to market the property -- a gesture
that local leaders applauded.

But Mr. Bivens of the regional development group said he would believe that A. &
P. was sincere until it lowered the cost. "Dropping the price is the only thing
that is going to get some motion," Mr. Bivens said. He added that he could not
explain why A. & P. did not take his advice. He shrugged. "It's a mystery."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: While the mystery of why A.&P. has left its sprawling
1.5-million- square-foot building empty for 10 years has beffled nearly
everyone, the question is even more puzzling for many of the residents of
Elmira. They need jobs. (Eric Hegedus for The New York Times) (pg. B1); While A.
& P. claims it wants to sell its 1.5 million-square-foot building, which has
been vacant for 10 years, the residents of Elmira are suspicious. They imagine
venality or indifference on the part of the company. (Douglas C. Burkhardt/First
Realty Company) (pg. B8)

Chart: "REAL ESTATE: How Big?"

Approximate area covered by A.&P.'s food processing plant in Horseheads, N.Y.,
near Elmira, and by the Pentagon in Arlington, Va.

A.&P. PLANT

1.3 million square feet
1.5 million square feet total space, three floors

PENTAGON

1.5 million square feet (includes courtyard)
3.7 million square feet of office space, seven floors.

(Sources: First Realty Company, Rochester, N.Y.; Encyclopedia Americana) (pg.
B8)

Map of New York showing location of Horseheads. (pg. B8)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              27 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 21, 1990, Monday, Final Edition

Questions Raised About the Accuracy of Highly Paid Expert Witnesses

BYLINE: Daniel B. Moskowitz

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F26; BUSINESS LAW

LENGTH: 802 words


Being an expert has virtually become a profession in itself. Open a publication
aimed at trial lawyers and you will find page after page of ads from those
wanting to be hired to testify on how faulty design, inadequate warnings or
improper procedures caused -- or did not cause -- the plaintiff's injuries.

There are experts on fiberglass, bakery machinery and addiction. There are
podiatrists, urologists, toxicologists, linguists who will analyze the
understandability of operating manuals and retired civil servants who know all
about the accepted methods of snow and ice removal -- all eager to help lawyers
prepare cases and then take their turns in the witness box.

Once an expert gets a track record for believability and deft handling of
hostile cross-examination, he or she can command a fee of as much as $ 500 an
hour.

The trouble, said Indianapolis lawyer Ralph A. Cohen, is that too often the
witnesses don't know what they are talking about. Cohen discussed the problem in
the latest issue of For the Defense, the monthly publication of the Defense
Research Institute.

DRI is an organization of lawyers who usually represent business and insurance
companies -- the defendants -- in damage suits, and Cohen was complaining about
the unreliability of witnesses testifying for claimants. But in fact defendants
are just as prone as plaintiffs to use expert witnesses to bolster their cases.

Experts are supposed to give jurors yardsticks by which to measure the case at
trial. They are meant to lay out the norms of an industry or professional
discipline, to let laymen know what should have happened or what scientifically
might have happened.

The problem, Cohen said, is that the world of science and the world of law are
so different that when the experts enter the courtroom none of their training
has prepared them for the standard that will apply. In the courtroom, they can
testify that an outcome is likely if it is reasonably certain. That probably
means that the outcome is likely if the chances are better than 50-50 of the
cause bringing about the result.

"The concept of 'reasonable certainty' is usually not recognized or relied on in
any field of science," Cohen noted. "Thus, arriving at an opinion that a
proposition is reasonably certain is not something the expert does in the
ordinary course of his profession."

So even laying venality aside, an expert who in his own discipline is used to
making a distinction between things that are more than 95 percent certain and
those that are not may not be a comfortable judge of which side of the 50
percent line a posited chain of events lies.

But Cohen isn't ready to lay venality aside. "Testimony which has the weakest
foundation in fact or theory may offer the greatest financial reward," he said.
"There is usually no problem obtaining experts to testify to well-established
principles, but people who qualify as experts and who are willing to testify to
marginal or unaccepted positions are in great demand and can command large
fees."

Of course, it's up to the other side, in cross-examination, to demolish the
witness who is presenting theories that are half-baked or from the lunatic
fringe of the profession. But with the standard little tougher than speculating
about what might possibly happen, it's hard to tear down the testimony of a
witness with self-confidence and a sheaf of professional credentials. "It takes
only two minutes to think up a theory that will take two years to disprove," one
defense expert acknowledged.

Cohen wants the judge to take a more active role in refusing to give a trial
role to witnesses with questionable litigation track records and in helping
jurors evaluate the merit of conflicting expert testimony. That's done with fair
frequency in Canada and Britain.

But the whole U.S. approach to trials makes most judges loath to intervene. The
prevailing wisdom here is that jurors can separate the chaff from the grain.
That is their role. Under this theory, the more points of view presented to the
jury, the better able its members will be to arrive at the truth.

Once a potential witness can show training and experience relevant to the
controversy at hand, judges are not likely to worry about the accuracy or wisdom
of what the expert says. They reason that if they are being silly, the jurors
will simply give little weight to the testimony.

At the very worst, if the testimony has no merit at all, the judge will tell the
jurors to disregard what was said -- after the jurors have heard it. Even that
does not happen very often, because few judges can possibly know enough about
urology or bakery machinery to know when the witness has left the path of
conventionally accepted truths.?

Daniel B. Moskowitz is a Washington editor for Business Week newsletters.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              28 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 2, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Where Is the Shame?

BYLINE: By Charles Krauthammer

SECTION: First Section; Op-Ed; A19

LENGTH: 801 words


J. C. Penney advertises pink spiked wigs for men. Over at the perfume counter,
Decadence begets Obsession begets Poison. Across the pond, and on a somewhat
different moral plane, an ex-Nazi, liar and accused war criminal (the
achievements of a single person) is favored in the race for president of
Austria. Why, then, has cynical old Washington worked itself into righteous
frenzy over a couple of Reagan aides who have cashed in on success?

The level of indignation here over the doings of David Stockman and Michael
Deaver is approaching the periodic high tide reached once per administration
(Sherman Adams, Bobby Baker, Watergate, Lancegate). Congress is holding
hearings, new laws are a-hatching, and the mob is crying for blood . . . well,
at least for taking away their chauffeurs.

Is this just one of Washington's periodic ethical fits? What exactly is it that
has so agitated the mob?

Part is envy, I grant, but a small part only. After all, at first Stockman's
millions were celebrated as a sort of nice con on New York's fatuous publishing
world. It was his words -- the words of one for whom betrayal has become habit
-- that brought out the hounds. And if Deaver had raked in his millions with a
bit more decorum, he'd be just another of Washington's honored rich.

Then there is self-interest. Beltway bandits of all stripes -- lobbyists,
lobbyees, assorted middlemen, all who feed at the great trough of government --
are embarrassed. Everyone does it, but these two flaunt it. Stockman deceived
his country, deceived his president and deceived himself -- and has now turned
his deceptions into a seri=alized epic that he flogs on every network show that
will have him.

As for Deaver, he has jeopardized the new-found respectability of influence
peddling. Its practitioners had just come out of the closet, and along comes
this Time centerfold posing without a G-string. Bad PR.

There is a third reason -- the emerging conventional wisdom -- on why Stockman,
at least, is taking such abuse. He has written, it is said, "a feel-bad book in
a feel-good era." The messenger is being punished for the message, bumbling and
venality on the Potomac.

Bumbling and venality on the Potomac, however, is an old story, and its
chroniclers, as often as not, are honored. Moreover, Stockman gave the gist of
his story to the Atlantic over four years ago. No. Stockman, now in his third --
or is it fourth? -- ideological incarnation, is being pilloried for something
else: the gusto with which he recounts his deceptions, undertaken in the name of
a driving ideology fully wedded to a blind ambition. His epic, in fact, is a
classic of the post- Watergate, self-promoting confessional, in which the
penitent ostensibly criticizes himself, but in effect shows himself superior to
the rogues around him because he knew and they did not.

It won't do. Envy, self-interest and an aversion to feel-bad news don't quite
explain the reaction to Stockman and Deaver. There is a genuine feeling of
revulsion. It comes under the category of a bridge too far: Stockman and Deaver
have simply crossed lines that others hardly dared approach. For Stockman, one
betrayal too many. For Deaver, raw influence peddled too overtly.

It is hard to say if there has been an erosion of moral standards in Washington.
Hustling is not new. But there certainly has been an erosion of social
standards, of what it is acceptable to be seen doing in public, of what ought to
occasion shame. There was a time, for example, when lobbyists were circumspect
about their trade.

Social sanction is the final barrier against the abuse of public trust. Much
better than the law, whose clumsiness as an instrument of policing ethics will
undoubtedly be demonstrated yet again when Deaver is cleared of any criminal
wrongdoing.

Washington has let lapse one taboo after another about abuse of influence.
Stockman's and Deaver's preening proved too much. Taboos are communal
conspiracies against individual will. To work, they require some sort of
individual acquiescence to a communal judgment. In short, they require a
capacity for shame. And what disguishes these current Washington scandals is the
shamelessness of the protagonists.

What's happened to shame? Celebrity. It rewards notoriety regardless of origin.
The moral valence of the act is irrelevant. Albert Speer, Cyndi Lauper, David
Stockman: they all pass under the Donahue gaze, and leave the richer for it.

So now, a mini-revolt. Enough, says the mob. The last civic taoo -- if you are
going to do it, for godsakes turn down the lights -- is about to be breached and
must be defended. Having tolerated an army of influence abusers, le tout
Washington has turned on Stockman and Deaver.

It pains me to say it, but for once the mob is right. Follow that mob.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              29 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 26, 1987, Wednesday, Final Edition

Same Old Song of the South

BYLINE: Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C2; BOOK WORLD

LENGTH: 765 words


HEY JACK! By Barry Hannah Dutton/Seymour Lawrence. 134 pp. $ 15.95

At this point in the career of Barry Hannah it seems neither impertinent nor
irrelevant to ask where, precisely, this writer is headed. With the publication
of "Hey Jack!," his sixth work of fiction, Hannah demonstrates nothing so much
as that he has dug himself into a rut from which he seems ever more unlikely to
extract himself. He is a writer of considerable gifts, but he seems content now
to fritter them away on inconsequential little books that are long on woozy
amiability and short on substance.

If anything, Hannah has gotten himself into the business of writing the same
book over and again, though at ever-decreasing length.

His stock protagonist is a rough but (of course) sensitive good ol' boy who
devotes his energies to alcohol, women, amateur philosophy and lamentation of
the "new" South. Often, as in "Ray" and "Hey Jack!," this narrator is a veteran
haunted by parallels between modern conflicts and the Civil War. Invariably he
encounters various good-hearted embodiments of old-South virtue and new-South
venality; the wars are won by the latter, but the moral victories go to the
former.

In "Hey Jack!" the antiheroic protagonist is named Homer, though we do not learn
his name until the novel's final page; presumably we are then to understand that
we have been taken on an odyssey, though if so it certainly is a short one.
Homer lives in Mississippi, where "there are exactly five subjects: money,
Negroes, women, religion, and Elvis Presley." In the course of the novel's
thinly padded 134 pages, Homer touches on all of them, though in no case with
unduly interesting results.

The focus of Homer's interests is his friend Jack, an old man who runs a
neighborly coffee shop and is the old-South-virtues figure this time around.

Jack is "the image of benign rectitude," a taciturn but good-hearted fellow
whose equanimity is destroyed by Ronnie Foot, a rock star who is the new-South-
venality figure in "Hey Jack!" Ronnie has his eye on Jack's lovely daughter, the
40-year-old Alice, and she returns the attention in kind; to Jack, an alliance
between his cherished daughter and this churl would be proof positive that the
world in general and the South in particular are beyond redemption.

While Jack is fuming about Ronnie and undertaking strategies to foil him, Homer
is rhapsodizing about his newfound lover ("a spunky and gorgeous little blonde
who rarefied my entire idea of myself"), and troubling his mind with memories of
his military service in Korea, where he fought in the battle of Chosin.
Recalling that engagement, Homer comes about as close to passion as he ever
gets:

"Veteran of Korea -- the pride and the horror at the same time ... Three Chinese
field armies crossed the Yalu in October 1950. They were volunteering like mad
across China, wanting to kill us. Kill us in the rocks and in the pine trees, at
a mean temperature of minus four degrees. We were in their back yard and they
wanted to kill us very badly and there's little else to it, as that awful
schoolmaster history tells us, that bald, dull, correct old-man history. We had
beaten the NKs, we'd pulled down the Stalin posters in their capitol. We had the
Corsairs, the Saber Jets, the F-80s, the napalm, and the white phosphorus. But
it was their winter, not ours, and they had the bodies and the poverty and the
Russians buying the tickets and cheering. We were Custer all over again at
Chosin Reservoir. About five times I would not shoot out my whole clip on the
carbine. I wanted at least two shots left. One for the gook nearest me when the
horde came on, and the other for my brain."

The point of this florid reminiscence seems, in the end, to be that Homer went
through hell in Korea and then came home to find there were still more battles
to be fought on domestic fronts. Not surprisingly, in the fight for Alice and
the soul of the South he is a loser, though as usual in Hannah's novels he finds
just enough measure of consolation to carry on. The novel's end, also as usual,
strives for irony.

At one point in his ramblings Homer tells a fish story, then remarks: "I had
that great big tug and I missed him. I didn't even have a story to tell. And
that's why I've told this one." Hannah is in the same predicament. He may have
felt a tug, but it didn't give him a story to tell; he went ahead and told it
anyway, with the perfunctory result that is "Hey Jack!" It leaves one wondering,
though with little in the way of pleasurable anticipation, what he will come up
with next

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              30 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

GIVING SANCTUARY;
SOME OF THE PERSECUTED FOUND SAFETY FROM THE SLAUGHTER IN THE HOTEL RWANDA,
THANKS TO THE EFFORTS OF AN ORDINARY INNKEEPER

BYLINE: By JEFF SIMON - News Critic

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 900 words


Hotel Rwanda **** (Out of four)

Rated PG-13

Don Cheadle, Nick Nolte, Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix in Terry George's
film about a Rwandan hotel manager's triumph over his nation's genocidal civil
strife. Opens Friday in area theaters.

"Hotel Rwanda" was, far and away, one of 2004's best films. It got that way, as
films often do, by breaking the rules. For instance:

1. It's an intimate exploration of beleaguered goodness, with evil in a
supporting role. We generally like our stories the other way around. The Garden
of Eden is a bore without Eve and the serpent. We assume goodness is boring
because too many movies have proved it.

Nor are we all that eager to credit it in the world. If you're used to the
comforts of moral mediocrity, the alliance of virtue and cleverness often seems
like virtue's exact opposite. That's why Paul Rutsesabagina, the very real
Rwandan hotel manager whose story is told in "Hotel Rwanda" is not like the
movie heroes we're used to.

2. It's about the most densely populated country in Africa. We Americans don't
care much about geography until international hatred starts crashing planes into
Manhattan landmarks and Americans start coming home in body bags from places
most of us can't pronounce. We don't even teach geography much in schools
anymore and we resent its demands on our time.

Rwanda -- a country about the size of Maryland -- turned into Hell in the early
'90s when the struggles between the Hutu Government extremists and Tutsi rebels
escalated into genocide that resulted in the spring of 1994, in the slaughter of
more than 1 million people. These are words - Hutu (pronounced Who-Too) and
Tutsi (pronounced Toot-sy) - that hit our ears like something out of an Abbott
and Costello routine, not the names we have to know to understand a sudden
tsunami of tribal bloodshed.

In the middle of all that terror, the real Rutsesabagina managed to protect and
ultimately save 1,268 people from wholesale slaughter while the rest of the
world preferred not to be inconvenienced by the horrors. Imagine a hot
equatorial version of "Schindler's List" and you'll understand the kind of power
that "Hotel Rwanda" approaches (though Rwanda's Terry George isn't even close to
the master filmmaker Steven Spielberg is).

Rutsesabagina is played by Don Cheadle, a superb actor with a high, light voice
and a bit of a baby face who, if he's not lucky, will never again find a part
this rich and moving. As good as Cheadle is, he is not the kind of actor who
usually stars in movies, but rather the kind that you surround a star with to
convey smartness and seriousness.

Rutsesabagina, in this film, is by no means a man of righteousness or even
obvious virtue. He is, in fact, a master of the everyday venalities of his
profession: He bribes cops and airport employees to get the Cuban Cohiba cigars
his guests and friends covet; he bribes Hutu army generals with enough single
malt scotch to get them to look the other way at the Tutsis in his hotel (and,
if it came to that, his own home; his wife is Tutsi.)

And then his neighbors start being taken away in the middle of the night. Moving
cars are suddenly hit by huge stones. His son, away from their house for barely
a second, comes back covered in blood. The lawns in his well-off neighborhood
begin to be littered by the bodies of the slaughtered.

His hotel - an oasis of sophistication and luxury still valued by the government
- becomes the place persecuted Tutsis come for shelter. First, a nun convinces
him to put up orphaned children. We see eventually the slaughtered corpses of
those he wasn't able to save.

Then it becomes relatives who seek asylum with him. Friends. Everyone who might
have a claim on the hotel manager's attention comes to him for the shelter that
his finely honed cleverness can provide.

George is, by no means, a good filmmaker but as "Hotel Rwanda" proceeds, the
crowd scenes become exceptional and we're plunged into a nightmare landscape of
burning houses and roads carelessly strewn with putrefying corpses - not of
soldiers or rebels but women and children.

Nick Nolte - simultaneously irascible and baffled - is marvelous as the Canadian
colonel in charge of the UN "peacekeeping" forces in Rwanda, the one man besides
Rutsesabagina who is the first to know how little the horrors they're living
with are stoking the potentially life-saving fires of international outrage.

The rooms and corridors of the hotel fill up with Tutsi refugees and those from
other countries seeking safe harbor. The crafty hotel manager is put into the
daily position of a conniver for justice, compassion and mercy, a kind of saint
by virtue of his proven mastery of venality.

Amid all of that, the hotel manager is tormented when the needs of family come
into direct conflict with those of his targeted countrymen and his own
conscience.

You don't see "Hotel Rwanda" because it's the movie equivalent of fiber in your
moral diet but because it is, simply, an extraordinarly moving and memorable
film about things that are usually foreign to us.

Like Third World agonies.

And the persistence of decency in a world which finds it, at best,
self-righteous and, at worst (which is most of the time) tedious.

"Hotel Rwanda" proves that it is neither one.

Understand - it was shown at September's Toronto International Film Fesatival.

Where it won the festival's prize for audience favorite.

e-mail: jsimon@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don Cheadle, right. plays Paul Rusesabagina, who saved many Tutsis from
execution in strife-torn wanda in the 1990s. Don Cheadle stars in "Hotel Rwanda"
as Paul Rusesabagina, the real-life hero who saves hundreds from wholesale
slaughter.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MOVIE REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              31 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 31, 1996 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

THE BEST OF TV 1996;
FROM INSIDE THE D.C. BELTLINE TO POINTS "WEST" AND BEYOND, TV AND RADIO OF THE
PASSING YEAR GAVE US GOOD REASONS TO KEEP TUNED IN.

BYLINE: Brian Lambert, Staff Columnist

SECTION: EXPRESS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 886 words


No matter what anyone says, it really wasn't a good year for the media.

"The people" - a.k.a. "the consumer units," "the end-use receptacles," "the
surly cherubs" - are catching on to our oldest and best tricks. Every year,
fewer and fewer of you believe that we, all by ourselves, discovered (take your
pick): dirty hotel sheets, dangerous air in schools, that politicians can't be
taken at their word and that the biggest, most important stories always happen
in a sweeps month.

So its tough coming up with the annual list of 10 Reasons Why the Media
Shouldn't Be Abolished, Ground Up Like the Cheap Plastic It Is and Turned Into
Something Useful, Like Microfleece Outerwear.

Tough, I say. But not impossible. Not yet, anyway.

So here are 10 reasons for giving "the media" another year's probation:

1. "Politically Incorrect" - Everything might change Jan. 6 when the show
becomes a headline act for the Disney World Order, but as it was, Bill Maher and
guests offered guaranteed laughs and an invaluable, irreverent attitude on
politics and social mores.

Without question, it offered the best commentary on both political conventions.

Sure, the show is a little show-biz heavy, but there's beauty in an impertinent
brat like Billy Baldwin calling Oliver North a liar and Gordon Liddy a criminal.
(It is also endlessly revealing that Rush Limbaugh continues to refuse all
invitations to join so open and free-wheeling a forum.)

Of course, in order that KSTP (Channel 5) might make a few extra bucks
(compensating itself for the dismal performance of its 10 p.m. news), Twin
Cities viewers will have to wait up through an hour of trash sitcoms, tabloid
sludge (and "Nightline") before "Incorrect" finally airs here.

2. "The Larry Sanders Show" - Particular emphasis on Hank Kingsley (as played by
Jeffrey Tambor). If you agree that naked, ego-centric venality is one of the
obscene hallmarks of '90s America, Hank the sidekick is some kind of high
priest.

The show still is at the top of its game, but, then, that is always easier to do
at a rate of 13 episodes per year.

3. "Profit" - Speaking of naked venality and revenge fantasies ... This
exceedingly short-lived Fox series, with a manifestly dysfunctional "hero"
plotting career death for his corporate peers and elders, was a concept of
perverse, twisted brilliance. So twisted and brilliant, in fact, that only a
half dozen dysfunctional TV critics actually watched it.

4. The Minnesota News Council and WCCO-TV - When the whole, sorry
I-Team/Northwest Airlines/"60 Minutes" affair was over and 'CCO was left hurling
insults at the council, it was easy for observers to forget to give 'CCO (and
Northwest) credit for supporting the council financially and participating in
the process.

'CCO might still believe it was judged harshly by people with limited
understanding of the pressures of the TV-news game, but with its open and
reasonable handling of the case, the news council achieved a new level of
credibility that, over time, will only enhance the reputation of the local news
media.

More to the point, among local TV newsrooms, it is 'CCO and 'CCO alone that has
enough confidence in itself and respect for public discussion to participate in
such a process. Its competitors - KARE, KSTP and KMSP - still prefer the
old-fashion approach to accountability: lawyers, guns and money, all hidden from
public view.

5. "Ken Burns' 'The West"' - After "The Civil War" and "Baseball," viewers think
they're hip to Burns perspective on American history. They believe he's simply
recycling the same stories, to the same music, hour after elegiac hour. They're
wrong. If anything, judging by the personal stories told by Stephen Ives, the
Burns' protege who actually directed the series, "The West" was too short by
half.

6. Herb Carneal - The Twins' Hall of Fame play-by-play man accepted his high
honor with grace and delivered the games with seamless clarity, humor and
insight, just as he has for 3 1/2 decades.

7. Chad and Barreiro, afternoons on KFAN - Day in and day out, the best three
hours of radio in the Twin Cities market ... with immeasurable assistance from
Dan Cole.

8. "The Reagan Legacy" on the Discovery Channel - Once again, documentary
producer Brian Lapping ("Watergate," "Yugoslavia: Death of a Nation") revisited
recent history for insights, lessons and reminders lost in the fog of PR
machinery, "official analysis" and horse-race reporting.

The amazing thing about this story, which was divided into two sections, the
Star Wars obsession and Reaganomics, is that it was told almost entirely by the
ex-president's own people.

9. "The X-Files" - Last year, it became a TV classic. This year, on the strength
of continued strong scripts, its trademark wit, state-of-the-art TV
cinematography and art direction, it has become the standard by which other
dramas and all of its many imitators are judged.

10. Steve Cannon - The man deserves a medal just for surviving the last four
years at 'CCO Radio, much less nearly 50 years of the insults, outrages, twits
and scoundrels of the radio business. More important, like one of Ma Linger's
pies, he hasn't lost a millimeter of his legendary crust.

Wednesday: 10 good reasons to pull the plug.

Brian Lambert is the staff broadcast critic.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 11, 1997



CORRECTION: In my "Worst of 1996" rant, I mistakenly identified KMSP-TV (Channel
9) as not supporting the Minnesota News Council. Of local stations with
newsrooms, KMSP and WCCO do support the council. KARE and KSTP do not.
Saturday, January 11, 1997

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos
1) David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson ponder more startling clues in
yet another case for "The X-Files."
2) As Larry Sanders, Gary Shandling tries to make a point with
real-life TV critic Tom Shales.

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           November 21, 2009 Saturday

Senate showdown // Deal-making may set mark for venality

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 448 words


COLUMN: In our opinion

We suspect most Americans had planned to spend this weekend before Thanksgiving
cleaning the house, preparing for the arrival of family and friends, and
counting their blessings. Amid all that, they will now endure a day of debate
and maneuvering in the Senate culminating with a vote tonight that could mark a
sea change in this nation's health-care policies.

Some believe such fundamental change is long overdue. We share the goals of
controlling costs, expanding choices, promoting competition and setting rules
that discourage insurers from putting profits ahead of compassionate service.
More can and should be done to expand access to health-care insurance for the
roughly 10 percent to 15 percent of Americans who lack regular, reliable
coverage.

But we strongly disagree with the proposals on offer in Congress. We believe
that the mandates on individuals and businesses are constitutionally suspect,
and will discourage hiring at a time of 10.2 percent national unemployment.

The Senate bill that is headed toward a showdown vote - tentatively slated for 8
this evening - is a 2,000-plus page monster that senators cannot possibly have
read with any care. It increases various taxes by some $370 billion over 10
years, and carries an overall price tag that is likely to exceed $1 trillion,
even as President Obama has begun sounding the alarm - all too late, in our view
- on the country's staggering national debt. It is sure to exacerbate the
country's shortage of doctors, especially primary-care physicians; fails to
address tort reform; and contains a provision for public financing of abortions
that will force millions of Americans to finance procedures they consider
murder.

Watching legislation made is rarely pretty, but the horse trading under way in
the Senate - allegedly the world's most august and deliberative forum for
democracy - seems likely to set a new standard for venality. Desperate to reach
the 60-vote threshold they need, Democrats are offering wavering senators pretty
much anything they want, including a $100 million provision for disaster relief
whose wording can only apply to Louisiana,where Sen. Mary L. Landrieu's vote is
viewed as critical if a full debate on the bill is to take place. Where we come
from, that's called bribery.

For months, Americans have voiced their opinions on many aspects of health-care
reform. The House and Senate bills that have emerged simply do not encompass the
views of a majority of Americans. Politics may yet produce something bearing the
name of health-care reform for all Americans, but as currently formulated, it
will be neither true reform nor in the best interests of the American people.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: We suspect most Americans had planned to spend this weekend before
Thanksgiving cleaning the house, preparing for the arrival of family and
friends, and counting their blessings. Amid all that, they will now endure a day
of debate and maneuvering in the Senate culminating with a vote tonight that
could mark a sea change in this nation's health-care policies.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 21, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Senate showdown;
Deal-making may set mark for venality

SECTION: EDITORIAL; In our opinion; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 444 words


We suspect most Americans had planned to spend this weekend before Thanksgiving
cleaning the house, preparing for the arrival of family and friends, and
counting their blessings. Amid all that, they will now endure a day of debate
and maneuvering in the Senate culminating with a vote tonight that could mark a
sea change in this nation's health-care policies.

Some believe such fundamental change is long overdue. We share the goals of
controlling costs, expanding choices, promoting competition and setting rules
that discourage insurers from putting profits ahead of compassionate service.
More can and should be done to expand access to health-care insurance for the
roughly 10 percent to 15 percent of Americans who lack regular, reliable
coverage.

But we strongly disagree with the proposals on offer in Congress. We believe
that the mandates on individuals and businesses are constitutionally suspect,
and will discourage hiring at a time of 10.2 percent national unemployment.

The Senate bill that is headed toward a showdown vote - tentatively slated for 8
this evening - is a 2,000-plus page monster that senators cannot possibly have
read with any care. It increases various taxes by some $370 billion over 10
years, and carries an overall price tag that is likely to exceed $1 trillion,
even as President Obama has begun sounding the alarm - all too late, in our view
- on the country's staggering national debt. It is sure to exacerbate the
country's shortage of doctors, especially primary-care physicians; fails to
address tort reform; and contains a provision for public financing of abortions
that will force millions of Americans to finance procedures they consider
murder.

Watching legislation made is rarely pretty, but the horse trading under way in
the Senate - allegedly the world's most august and deliberative forum for
democracy - seems likely to set a new standard for venality. Desperate to reach
the 60-vote threshold they need, Democrats are offering wavering senators pretty
much anything they want, including a $100 million provision for disaster relief
whose wording can only apply to Louisiana,where Sen. Mary L. Landrieu's vote is
viewed as critical if a full debate on the bill is to take place. Where we come
from, that's called bribery.

For months, Americans have voiced their opinions on many aspects of health-care
reform. The House and Senate bills that have emerged simply do not encompass the
views of a majority of Americans. Politics may yet produce something bearing the
name of health-care reform for all Americans, but as currently formulated, it
will be neither true reform nor in the best interests of the American people.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 10, 1998, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Michael Skube On . . . MEDIA AND MORALITY;
Principle a weapon in battling a giant;
Tucker High grad returns to tell a tale of newspaper wars

BYLINE: Michael Skube

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 04C; Pg. 04C

LENGTH: 939 words


They had attended Sunday school together as children growing up in Tucker, but
Joan Davenport wondered if she'd still recognize him. She remembered the little
newspaper he put out in elementary school, and how he was both funny and
serious. She was second in the Tucker High School class of 1959 and he was
third, "so I could always see him coming up right behind me."

But it had been 39 years, and as she looked out the store window into the
drizzle of a March afternoon, it seemed too much to bridge in a glance. Then, in
the parking lot, a car stopped and momentarily a middle-aged man got out. "
'That's him,' I told my husband. 'That's Dick McCord.' I knew him immediately."
They all did, the 30 or so friends from the class of '59 --- and a couple of
classes before and after --- and suddenly four decades didn't seem so much. They
didn't seem the better part of a lifetime to those who gathered at Tall Tales
bookstore in the Toco Hills Promenade to reunite with the classmate who took on
the largest newspaper chain in the country and emerged the moral victor. Theirs
was the largest class in the history of Tucker High at the time --- all of 66
students. "It was the kind of senior class where everybody knew everybody, and
they knew their parents," said Charles Dollar, who lives in Marietta. Most have
left Tucker, but many still live in the Atlanta area. An uncommon number of
their classmates have died --- eight or nine, someone thought --- and there have
been divorces and second marriages. None has ventured so far --- while remaining
the same --- as Richard McCord. For more than 25 years he has been living in
Santa Fe, N.M., where he was the editor of a weekly newspaper that won wide
recognition for its investigative reporting. Now he's an author as well, and a
stranger in the crowd at Tall Tales could sense the pride among his old friends.
Earlier in the week, McCord had spoken to journalism classes at Emory University
and the University of Georgia at Athens about his book, "The Chain Gang: One
Newspaper Versus the Gannett Empire," published last year by the University of
Missouri Press to admiring notices in The New York Times, The Washington Post,
the Los Angeles Times and nowhere reviewed by a Gannett paper. He didn't have to
tell those audiences who Gannett was. They knew too well. By week's end, on this
gloomy Saturday afternoon, he was among ordinary people for whom the name had no
particular odium. They didn't know Gannett from Gaines dog meal. But they knew
the chain's flagship, USA Today, and that was enough. The passions and
prejudices that divide journalists evaporate on the street level. Americans
haven't enormous affection for journalists of any kind. They're all part of "the
media."

But no one likes a bully and not many like a corporation bent on monopoly. As
McCord told of his fight against Gannett --- first in Santa Fe 20 years ago and
later, helping an old friend, in Green Bay, Wis. --- ordinary people shared his
revulsion. He told them of Operation Demolition, the chain's plan to wipe out a
smaller rival by using predatory advertising rates, spreading false rumors and
rewarding management for the kill. Venality and corruption Wherever Gannett's
gone, it's turned once-distinguished newspapers into local embarrassments --- in
Louisville, Ky., in Des Moines, Iowa, in Nashville. Before Gannett, people who
worked for those papers could be proud. Now the poor devils are ashamed, those
who haven't emigrated like refugees to something better. But McCord's story was
one of venality and corruption, not merely the trashing of a newspaper. He read
from "The Chain Gang," and people whose veins did not pulse with printer's ink
saw the deeper moral issue. Here was the great free press, ever eager to report
the wrongdoing of others, behaving like Nixon's "plumbers."

In Santa Fe, where Gannett had just bought the local daily, McCord's weekly told
of how the chain had driven a weekly out of business in Salem, Ore. Now it had
come to Santa Fe to do the same thing --- to squelch all competition, to own 100
percent of the market. Citizens reacted with indignation. McCord has since sold
the paper but cannot forget a remark by a local store owner: "I don't see what
all the fuss is about. That's just business." Just business. Nothing more. It's
what made America great, isn't it --- business? And so he read, a casually
dressed man of 56 years, his voice as gentle as his manner, and when he finished
there was not only collective pride but also a recognition of things more
honorable than profit. In the back of the room, Burton Trimble, who taught him
sophomore English so long ago, recalled that McCord had turned down a full
scholarship at Columbia University because he had already accepted a scholarship
at Vanderbilt University. "I said to him, 'Richard, you don't make decisions
like this on the basis of who offered it first,' " Trimble recalls. But in
McCord's mind, he had given his word and Vanderbilt it would be. Trimble shook
his head, amazed to this day, but he looked on and said, "That was Richard,
though." It was, and it is. McCord thanked his old classmates for coming, and
said he hoped to see them again. Then they all went their separate ways, as they
had 39 years ago. They are in the backstretch of middle age, a time when men,
especially, have more to forget and less to remember. One of them, at least,
could look the world in the eye without flinching. More important, he could look
himself in the eye.

--- Michael Skube's column appears on Tuesdays in Living. His book column runs
Sundays in Arts. E-mail: mskube@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Dick McCord

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              35 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          November 21, 1990 Wednesday

TV REVIEWS"Small-town U.S. favors a quick   fix in Iraq as ideology bears bitter
fruit   Venality of West a timely target

BYLINE: JOHN HASLETT CUFF; GAM

LENGTH: 656 words


BY JOHN HASLETT CUFF
 Television Critic
 TWO of today's programs address aspects of the Persian Gulf crisis in
very different ways. "Should America go to war? Do we know what we would
be defending?" is the theme of this week's instalment of Frontline (PBS at
2 p.m. EST), entitled Springfield Goes to War. In the course of the show
Bill Moyers talks to some citizens of Springfield, Mass., to gauge
feelings and attitudes in the small-town United States toward the
impending Mideast war.

In interviews with marine boot camp graduates, anti-nuke protesters and
a variety of others, the consensus that emerges seems to favor war,
primarily to protect U.S. oil interests. "My President"country, right or
wrong" is the dominant sentiment, and what is perhaps most frightening is
the evident support for a quick fix, even a nuclear strike.

But the program is an unsatisfying effort, much too short and shallow,
as if the film had been pasted together for the nightly newscast. If it
reflects a majority viewpoint, it's not surprising. This is, after all,
the electorate that overwhelmingly supported the impeachably corrupt
government of Ronald Reagan (see next week's edition of Frontline!) for
two terms, and then elected his vice-president, George Bush, to the White
House.

Happily, tonight's other look at the Middle East crisis is more
intellectually substantial and informative.
  What is most disturbing about Iraq: Enemies of the State (Human Edge,
TVO at 9 p.m. EST) is what it reveals about U.S. and international
complicity in the state terrorism conducted by Iraq and its President,
Saddam Hussein. The kicker comes at the conclusion of the BBC documentary
when former ABC correspondent Charles Glass reveals that late last year
President George Bush overruled Congress and pledged an additional $250-
million in aid to Iraq.

Even more damning, as the program reminds us, most of the developed
world (as well as China and the Soviet Union) has been eagerly helping to
arm and train Iraq for the past decade. For until this past summer, Iran
was the West's bogeyman in the Mideast. Yet Hussein's professed goal from
the beginning has been to unite all the Arab states under his rule.

But the larger issue, in this examination of state-directed torture and
murder, concerns the collective conscience of all of us who live in the
prosperous West. Reliant as we are upon the news-gathering agenda of the
television conglomerates, how well informed are we about the nature and
significance of political developments in the Middle East? According to
this program, Amnesty International and other agencies have been sounding
the alarm about human-rights violations in Iraq for years. But as long as
the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomaini was the villain of the month, who
cared about the state-directed slaughter of Jews, Kurds, Christians and
every other group that Hussein and Co. designated as "enemies of the
state?"

The documentary is a patchy compendium of interviews with Iraqi exiles
who have experienced persecution under Hussein and continue to live in
fear for themselves and their families. It is the sort of film that could
be made about any one of the countries on Amnesty International's list of
top 10 human-rights violators, and the question it forces us to ask is:
how long can we tolerate and embrace an ideology, capitalism, that seems
to have no conscience? Now that we are on the brink of war with this
Mideast megalomaniac, how can we indulge in any degree of self-
righteousness since we have aided and abetted the very creation of this
monster state by selling it arms and expertise?

As a background to the headlines, this film is invaluable, but why are
we seeing it only now, and only on an educational network? The response it
will most likely engender is one of profound cynicism. For what it
reveals, finally, is the utter venality of those who lead the West's most
powerful nations and the gullibility and apathy of those who put such
creatures in the seats of power.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 13, 2003 Monday

BRIAN LAMBERT: We have seen 'Joe Millionaire': He is us

BYLINE: BRIAN LAMBERT; Media Columnist

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 592 words


The Germans, of all people, have a lovely word for an ugly mainstay of human
nature: schadenfreude, which basically means to take enjoyment in the troubles
and misfortunes of others.

There's a lot of it going around right now in a bad economy, with employee
pitted against employee for what jobs remain, and in our fractious political
climate, where success is judged not by the country's improvement but by the
other party's destruction.

But schadenfreude sure explains a lot of the appeal of the Fox network's "Joe
Millionaire," which returns for the second of its seven episodes this evening (8
p.m., KMSP-TV, Channel 9). The thing was a big hit last week in its debut, and
there's every indication that even more folks will tune in tonight -- most
likely to see a few more preening, gold-digging glamour pusses exposed for the
shallow little greedheads we all knew them to be when we endured their type in
high school.

By now, you know the show's gimmick. Twenty-five typical American gals, hungry
for true love (i.e. desperate to hook up with a walking wallet), have been flown
to a French chateau. There, they were introduced to good-looking Evan Marriott,
whom they think is worth $50 million but appears to be such a loser he makes
only $19,000 a year working construction.

The concept is inspired. For everyone who gags at the self-seriousness of dating
porn like "The Bachelor" and "Bachelorette," where precisely the same type of
people profess to be searching for "true love" and "meaningful relationships,"
"Joe Millionaire" is sweet, schadenfreude-soaked revenge. It perfectly fits our
cultural moment.

Among the many tremendous divides in the country today is the one separating the
hopelessly credulous and the eternal skeptics. The former continue to sustain
"The Bachelor," while the latter informs the audience for "Joe Millionaire."

The credulous (even when they say they're hip to the shtick and watch only out
of voyeuristic curiosity) float on a cloud of childlike, suspended disbelief.
They are enthralled at some basic level -- and eagerly identify in an all-too
eerie way -- with "The Bachelor"/"Bachelorette's" preposterous murmurings of
"genuine" attraction and endearment.

(You wonder: Is this how these viewers decided on their own significant others?
And does that help to explain our national divorce rate?)

The skeptics, who prefer to see the contrivance and venality of just about
everything in mass media, behold in "Joe Millionaire" programming that is in
perfect sync with their low opinion of the stock characters of TV and TV culture
in general.

The Twin Cities area is represented on "Joe Millionaire" by "Melissa M" of Coon
Rapids, who, if you care to believe contributors to the "Joe Millionaire" chat
room who claim to have known her, is either a "wonderful," "sweet" young woman
or a "kniving (sic)"... "back-stabbing"... "ditz."

Melissa made the cut from Week No. 1, which is more than you can say for
"Duane," a 28-year-old pilot instructor from what the show's Web site calls
"Chicago City" (likely Chisago City, Minn.), one of the bachelors bounced by
Trista in the first round of "The Bachelorette."

The sweet and sour beauty of "Joe Millionaire," and all things schadenfreud-ian,
is that it pulls back the pretense of human nature and, in this case, since it's
on TV, applies a magnifying-glass-like quality to fundamental emotions. Like
greed, self-delusion and venality.

In an ugly way, it's a beautiful thing.

Brian Lambert can be reached at blambert@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Neil L. Shapiro: The corrupt, foolish know no limits

BYLINE: NEIL L. SHAPIRO

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 665 words


Lest you think that my attention to the series on the forthcoming Supreme Court
opinion in Fisher v. Texas has diverted my gaze from the foibles of our modern
political heroes, you may be relieved, or perhaps dismayed, that such is not the
case.

To the contrary, like anyone else who chronicles the lunacy that infects our
elected leadership, I am virtually drowning in potential material.

News accounts are filled regularly with reports of hubris and venality beyond
measure on the part of those we elect to guide us. In recent weeks, former
Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick began a two-decade prison term after a federal
jury found him guilty of turning City Hall into what the prosecutor called a
multimillion-dollar "money-making machine" that converted government contracts
into kickbacks and bribery.

A few weeks ago, former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin was indicted on 21 charges
of corruption for accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, receiving
paid lodging and vacation expenses for himself and his family in Hawaii,
accepting a first-class trip to Jamaica and free private jet trips to Chicago
and Las Vegas from contractors doing business with the city and enriching his
New Orleans-based family granite supply company through dealings with the city.
He apparently turned Hurricane Katrina into a business opportunity.

At about the same time, Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. pleaded guilty to felony charges
of using some $750,000 in campaign contributions for personal purposes. He
clearly needed a gold-plated Rolex watch costing more than $43,000, almost
$10,000 in children's furniture, two hats belonging to singer Michael Jackson
($8,000), a football signed by U.S. presidents ($5,000), an Eddie Van Halen
guitar, fur capes and memorabilia involving the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.,
Malcolm X and martial artist Bruce Lee.

Last year, Kwame Brown stepped down as chair of the District of Columbia
Council, the city's governing body, two days before pleading guilty to bank
fraud. He overstated his income by tens of thousands of dollars, falsely listed
a friend as an employer, altered employment forms and lied about his position.
But he had a good reason. He wanted to buy a boat.

Five months earlier, Harry Thomas Jr. resigned from that same body before
pleading guilty to embezzling more than $350,000 in government money earmarked
for youth sports and arts. I'm sure he had an equally good reason.

Fortunately, California is different. Most of our political leaders replace
corruption with unfettered foolishness.

No overarching greed or self-aggrandizement here, just a few screws loose.

The current poster child for this phenomenon has to be Jean Quan, mayor of
Oakland. Quan publishes a weekly online newsletter chock full of information for
her constituents. A recent issue included a link to the details of an
"Introduction to Lock-Picking" class:

"Have you always wanted to know how to pick a lock," it read. "In many cases,
opening a lock without a key is easier than you think." Don't have lock-picking
tools? No problem. You can buy a set from the instructor to take home.

The context: Oakland's burglaries of cars, homes and businesses exploded from
8,797 in 2011 to 12,549 in 2002, shattering all records. That is one burglary
for every 31 residents, 34 per day or one every 42 minutes. I'll bet those
numbers get a whole lot more impressive now that there is a cadre of trained,
and well-equipped, lock-pickers roaming the city's streets.

In a bit of irony, the newsletter advises Oakland residents to combat burglaries
by locking their doors.

By the way, Quan apologized for her gaffe, acknowledging that announcing the
class "strikes the wrong note" in a city drowning in crime. Better, I suppose,
than corruption. At least it's funnier, in an odd sort of way.

Neil Shapiro is a Monterey lawyer who writes about legal issues and other
subjects for this page. Watch for his column on the potentially landmark
affirmative action case, Fisher v. Texas, in the Sunday Herald.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday
                                National Edition

'Rich & crooked yet?'; Allen Abel concludes his four-part series looking at
political venality in America, from sea to slimy sea.

BYLINE: Allen Abel, National Post

SECTION: WORLD; Allen Abel; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1828  words

DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, N.J.


In 2006, the winner of the Audience Award at the Silverdocs Documentary Festival
in Maryland was the inspiring true story of a political neophyte entitled Can
Mister Smith Get to Washington Anymore?

This fast-paced 84-minute video was a riff on the 1939 Jimmy Stewart movie about
an idealistic Midwesterner thrust into the corrupted maw of the U.S. Senate. The
real-life Mister Smith chronicled the campaign of a nice Jewish boy named Jeff
Smith for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives from Missouri.

"Funny, engrossing ... deeply absorbing," said The Washington Post.

At almost the same moment, a nice Jewish boy named Steven Fulop was gunning for
a seat on city council here in Jersey City, which, by any measure, has been one
of the most thoroughly rotten jurisdictions anywhere in America for the past 200
years. (Four of its recent mayors have gone to the penitentiary. A city
councilman was sentenced last week to a year and a day in prison for accepting a
US$5,000 bribe. It goes on and on.)

Both Mr. Fulop, who was born in 1977, and the latter-day Mr. Smith, who was born
in the Watergate winter of 1973, were newcomers to the red-toothed reality of
politics in Corrupt Nation. Both ran on platforms of honesty, truthfulness, and
devotion to solving the everyday problems of ordinary people. Both used social
media, a network of impassioned young liberals, and old-fashioned door-to-door
canvassing to make their names and reputations known.

One was elected, and still serves today.

The other is still serving as well: a 12-month sentence at the Federal
Correctional Institution in Manchester, Ky.

"You're never going to legislate ethics," says one of them -- and he's the one
who's not in jail!

---

Steven Fulop, who grew up slaving (to hear him tell it) in his parents'
delicatessen in Newark before he earned his MBA, was employed by an alleged
criminal organization in the autumn of 2001 when he saw the Twin Towers fall.
(He was at Goldman Sachs.) Within a few days, he had joined the U.S. military,
and soon found himself on the road to Baghdad with the 6th Engineer Support
Battalion of the U.S. Marine Corps.

"I won't just sit behind a desk," he said at the time. "I will fight for my
country."

When he came home in one piece, Mr. Fulop was courted by the Democratic Party
power elite of Jersey City, which is just across the Hudson River from
Manhattan. He was urged to run for Congress, which he did, with no success, then
to contest for a seat on the famously corrupt city council, which he won at the
age of 28.

"The Young Lion," Mr. Fulop was labelled by The New York Times, which praised
his decency in hiring campaign workers from a homeless shelter and called him "a
studious overachiever."

Meanwhile, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service
were tightening the screws on the solons of Northern New Jersey with the help of
a couple of Orthodox Jews, one of whom was going around the Garden State
boasting he just might have a human kidney to sell. The Feds called it Operation
Bid Rig.

By the time the sting wrapped up in 2009, the good guys had succeeded in
bringing down the mayors of Hoboken, Secaucus, Ridgefield, Long Branch, Hazlet
and Keyport, along with the deputy mayors of Jersey City and Neptune, and more
aldermen, supervisors, freeholders, and commissioners than there are Guidos on
the Jersey Shore.

(With 550 jurisdictions -- each with its own school district, township or
municipal bureaucracy, and zoning and building codes -- little New Jersey is
genetically predisposed to be one of the foundation stones of Corrupt Nation.
After all, what self-respecting bagman wouldn't want to pull the strings of the
deputy mayor of Neptune?)

"As a politician, you expire," Steven Fulop says. "You can't stay too long. You
start in public service and slowly transition to self-service."

If that is true, then a dozen eggs stay fresh longer than a Jersey politician.
Just to the north of Martha Stewart's home town of Jersey City, in Frank
Sinatra's home town of Hoboken, a 32-year-old wunderkind named Peter Cammarano
III had been in the Mayor's office for only three weeks when Operation Bid Rig
caught him taking US$25,000 in bribes from developers.

Three weeks!

"Their excuse is always, 'I was entrapped,'" observes The Young Lion. "But they
overlook the fact that they took the money!"

---

"I don't think a person with a mind like he has should waste

it on politics," Jeff Smith's Grandma Idah sniffs, near the beginning of Can
Mister Smith Get to Washington Anymore?

It is 2004. Mr. Smith, a political-science lecturer in St. Louis, is running for
Congress. We see him walk up to a voter's front door. The voter cracks: "You're
not rich and crooked yet?"

"Not yet!" says Jeff Smith, in his Jimmy Stewart-like croak.

"Well," says the voter. "We better get you elected, then, so you can be rich and
crooked."

"Sure, the guy in the film is somewhat naive and idealistic," Mr. Smith says
now, looking back at his younger self.

"But, like him, I still believe it's possible to challenge the establishment and
win. It's

just really, really hard. Fortunately, the rise of social media probably makes
it a little easier with each passing month. Like the guy in the film, I also
believe it's still possible to make a difference through ideas and public
service."

No one ever doubted Mr. Smith's commitment to the greater public good -- not
even Grandma Idah. He had majored in political science and African-American
studies at the University of North Carolina, taught courses in public policy at
Dartmouth, and won the Dean's Award for Teaching Excellence at Washington
University in St. Louis, his home town

In 2004, when he failed to reach the U.S. House of Representatives, Mr. Smith
barely flinched. When the next state legislative cycle came around, he ran for
the Missouri Senate and won.

In the Missouri capital of Jefferson City, he concentrated on crucial inner-city
problems: early-childhood education; child support and fathering issues; and
rehabilitating abandoned buildings.

So it may surprise you to learn that, in 2010, the much-feted Mister Smith is in
a federal prison camp, serving a year and a day for obstruction of justice.
We've been corresponding by email.

"What am I doing in prison?" he writes from Kentucky. "I made a mistake in 2004
by signing a lengthy affidavit that contained a false statement: I said that I
didn't know who was responsible for a postcard that was mailed out against an
opponent of mine. It was true that I knew no details about the postcard or what
it would say, but I was aware that it might be produced and mailed.

"Five years later, one of my best friends and co-defendants, who had attempted
to bribe the man responsible for the postcard in exchange for testimony, wore a
wire during all of our conversations for two months, during which I acknowledged
having lied to the authorities. The feds approached me, asked me to co-operate
by leading them to other officials. I wasn't willing to do what they wanted, and
then the prosecutor was adamant that I should go to prison.

"Prison has been a fascinating experience. It is quite a unique subculture, with
its own rules, roles, and language. Like Conrad Black--who I've heard

from inmates here is a wonderful guy -- I asked to teach general equivalency
diploma courses, as I have over a decade of teaching experience. However, I was
assigned to the food warehouse, where I load and unload trucks and freezers."

I ask the jailed Mr. Smith how he has been treated by his brother felons.

"For the first month here," he writes back, "a steady stream of inmates collared
me or came by my room to talk about my case, or about various proposed laws that
might affect their cases and ask for my thoughts on the possibility of passage
of said laws, or just to discuss politics more generally.

"Their view of human frailty? Well, obviously most of them have made mistakes,
and so they generally have a pretty forgiving view of it. That said, they are
shocked that I am here for lying about a postcard. 'You in prison and didn't
even get no money?' is the most common question I get."

---

One of the benefits of not being in prison for corruption is being able to sit
in the sunshine at a trendy sidewalk cafe in a splendidly restored historic
district of downtown Jersey City, with the skyscrapers of Wall Street shimmering
just across the Hudson.

The Young Lion and I are enjoying our freedom, and a lovely brunch.

"The electorate is not stupid," Mr. Fulop says. "If you're not sincere, they
find you out.

"What do the voters really care about?" I ask the boy wonder of Jersey City.

"They care about potholes," he replies.

Mr. Fulop says he plans to remain on the city council, tending to street paving
and dog parks, until 2013, when he will run for the mayoralty of Jersey City,
which usually is a stepping stone to either the governor's mansion or to San
Quentin. But he will not try to sell himself as the only honest man in Hudson
County, though this may very well be the case.

"If you campaign on an anti-corruption platform," he says, "well, you're a
politician to begin with, so you're never going to gain any traction."

I ask these two nice Jewish boys -- one of them in government-enforced absentia
-- is there any way out of Corrupt Nation?

"My best answer is that a lot of the corruption cannot be eliminated," Mr. Smith
writes from jail. "Since most political corruption is related to money, some
might argue that higher salaries for politicians could reduce it, since
politicians making a good living would be less susceptible to bribes. I'm not
sure that's the case; probably people inclined to take bribes would do so
whether making US$50K or US$75K.

"I think public financing of campaigns would help more than anything, as it
would reduce the pressure on legislators to raise vast sums of money to run for
re-election, and thereby reduce temptations to essentially auction off policy in
areas where well-heeled interests can leverage comparatively small investments
in political contributions into vast returns from favorable policy changes.

"Perhaps ethics courses for all newly elected officials would be helpful. Most
things are common sense, but there were some things I didn't know going in, and
I'ma political scientist."

"You set some rules about how you fund-raise -- you start with that," Mr. Fulop
says. "You try to have other people present at all your meetings. I try never to
attend anything by myself."

"You can't attract a person to make the necessary time sacrifice for US$30,000 a
year," Mr. Fulop says. He also advocates term limits, though in the case of the
mayor of Hoboken, the limit would have to be less than 20 days.

I tell him about Jeff Smith, about his education and dedication and the naive,
cinematic run for Congress that earned him an Audience Award at the Silverdocs
Festival and a year in a minimum-security cell.

My brunch-mate smiles. "I'm going to go a lot of places," the Young Lion says.
"But I'm not going there."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Corrupt Nation

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:;  Black & White
Photo: Craig Ruttle, Bloomberg News; Hoboken Mayor Peter Cammarano III, left,
took US$25,000 in bribes from developers, authorities allege.  Black & White
Photo:; Jeff Smith

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Series; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                National Edition

Corrupt Nation

BYLINE: Allen Abel, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Allen Abel; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 2062  words

DATELINE: MONTGOMERY, Ala.


In a 4-part series, Allen Abel plumbs the depths of political venality in
America, from sea to slimy sea

---

The Montgomery Federal Prison Camp is so not Alcatraz that the inmates call it
"Pelican Bay Extra Lite."

There is a bocce court and a weight room and a running track, but the swimming
pool had to be drained after Barbara Walters showed up at one of these
minimum-security campuses and ridiculed the joint as "Club Fed."

Waiting for me in the conference room -- unshackled, fit, groomed and smiling --
is a convicted felon named Talibdin El-Amin, ne Mark Bastain of St. Louis, age
39, formerly an assembly-line worker for Ford Motor Co., formerly a seaman in
the U.S. Navy, formerly a member of the Missouri House of Representatives and
formerly a free man.

Now he's in the slammer for bribery, though no doors slam behind me. But it's
still jail.

"Talibdin means ' trustworthy student,' " the inmate is saying. "And 'amin' is
the holy faith. So I am 'trustworthy student of the faith' and I betrayed that
trust."

Eight months ago, while serving as the people's representative for the 57th
District of the Show-Me State, Talibdin El-Amin-- or "T. D." as everybody calls
him -- was convicted of pocketing $2,000 in cash in four instalments from a man
who owns a gas station in old Saint Loo.

"He was an immigrant and I was assisting him against people who were shaking him
down, citing him for trash violations, loitering, that kind of petty stuff,"
El-Amin says. "He would be in my office for HOURS, asking me to help him. He's
expressing his gratitude. I'm not independently wealthy. So I took the
envelopes."

"Yes, I took a bribe. The funny thing is, I would have helped him anyway. When I
was in office, I really wanted to give the people the office. I didn't hoard the
power. It was never really about me. That one action undermined everything I've
ever done. The sad thing is, the last conversation we had, he said, 'I'm with
you, brother.' And he was wearing a wire!"

As capers go, it was hardly the stuff of Bernie Madoff. Two grand barely was
enough money for T.D. El-Amin, who donated one of his kidneys and gave his dying
father 10 more years of life, to buy each of his five kids a new bicycle. It
wasn't even a record for the Montgomery Federal Prison Camp -- there's a former
city councilman from Memphis here who took a $12,000 bribe. He'll be serving
four full years to T.D.'s 18 months.

But $2,000 was enough to brand a proud, introspective, once-honoured and
honourable man a criminal for life, and to add yet another name to America's
long and growing roster of disgraced politicians.

As weeks of research and dozens of interviews have showed me, there may be a
paragon of probity in the White House, but the stain of political corruption
taints this nation, from sea to slimy sea.

While the poster boy for political sleaze awaits a June trial in Chicago,
Senate-seller and Celebrity Apprentice washout Rod Blagojevich is far from
alone. Already in prisons across the country are thousands of former members of
Congress, state legislators, governors, mayors, councilmen, judges,
commissioners and aides.

From the Democratic whip of the Pennsylvania State Assembly to the majority
leader of the Rhode Island Legislature, from my ex-Congressman in Arizona --he's
charged with conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering and extortion -- to the
ex-mayor of the largest city here in Sweet Home Alabama, the roster of rotten
apples is bulging with convictions for bribery, embezzlement, misuse of public
funds, influence peddling and manifold other crimes.

According to the Public Integrity Section of the federal Department of Justice,
more than 15,000 elected officials and civil servants were convicted of
betraying the public trust for personal power or financial gain between 1999 and
2008.

No jurisdiction is exempt, no offence too flagrant. The mayor of Baltimore was
forced to resign last winter after cashing $500 worth of gift cards that had
been donated to the city's poor. (She bought herself an xBox.) A Congressman
from Baton Rouge hid $90,000 in hot bills in his freezer. Two judges from
Wilkes-Barre, Pa., allegedly pocketed more than US$2-million in bribes from the
owners of a private-sector prison, then crammed the jail with young offenders.

Yet, in one recent survey, the state with the highest number of convicted
officials per capita was -- to everyone's astonishment -- grain-fed North
Dakota!

Two-thirds of Americans tell pollsters that they believe all politicians are
corrupt. That may not be literally true, but it's not far from the sad reality
that we discover, as we travel across the littered landscape of this Corrupt
Nation.

---

At the Farmers' Market Restaurant a couple of blocks from the Alabama State
Capitol in downtown Montgomery, there's an old Blondie comic strip taped to the
window of the steam table that makes you chuckle while you wait for your fried
chicken and turnip greens. It shows a cafe called LOU'S DINER with a sign in its
window that says "Lou's Diner voted best food in town."

"Boy," Dagwood Bumstead is saying in the cartoon. "Another rigged election."

Just down the street is the office of the Alabama Ethics Commission, where I
find a civil servant named James Sumner Jr. and a bust of Thomas Jefferson.

Mr. Sumner has been the director of the Alabama Ethics Commission for more than
a decade, a tenure that seems to have had no measurable effect on the
righteousness of the average Alabama pol.

"We have given ethics seminars to tens of thousands of people," he sighs. "You
would have thought that after all these years, we would have had some impact."

They haven't. The director ranks the Heart of Dixie in the top 10 of worst
offenders, trailing only such snake pits as New York, New Jersey and Illinois.

"It appears to be worse than ever, at least here in Alabama," Mr. Sumner says.
"But I would be hard-pressed to say why. Never in my life have I seen so many
cases being prosecuted at the same time.

"I would be less than candid if I didn't say that the state of ethics is dismal.
The public has a real distaste for politicians, and the feeling seems to be
reciprocated. There is clearly a sense of greed and a sense of entitlement among
politicians, that you're beyond being touched. It's just like The Sopranos,
right down to the little white envelopes."

"Is there any hope for change?" I wonder.

"We have got to have a rebirth of principle," the director says, nodding toward
president Jefferson. "What are we here for? What is the purpose of government?
Not to serve ourselves, our families, our businesses."

"Is Barack Obama the man to lead a rebirth of ethics?" I ask.

"I've never heard him talk about it," the commissioner replies.

---

America may not be the most corrupt nation in the world, but on the Corruption
Perception Index issued by an organization called Transparency International,
the U.S. scored 19th from the top in 2009, barely trailing Britain and Japan,
and just ahead of Barbados. (Canada is tied for eighth most honest with Iceland
and Australia.)

Professor Michael Johnston, of Colgate University in New York state, is a member
of the board of directors of the body that ranks the rankest nations. He says
despite the best efforts of Milorad Blagojevich and his ilk, the United States
is not mired in some all-time trough

of malfeasance. Mississippi in the 1830s was worse and the financing of the
Transcontinental Railway in the 1860s was as crooked as a Burmese python.

Still, the expert says, political corruption in America, especially at the state
and local level, "is almost Classical in scope; a collective state of being."

Corruption may be systemic in all 50 states, but each successful prosecution
requires a rare confluence of willing witnesses, a budget for enforcement,
prosecutorial ambition and courtroom skill. The Department of Justice retains
only 29 attorneys to oversee the trillion-dollar federal bureaucracy.

In fighting corruption, the most important factor of all may be the personal
ambition of individual lawmakers. In Pennsylvania, for example, where 25 state
legislators and aides from both parties have been indicted this year for misuse
of public funds, the attorney-general behind the highly publicized "Bonusgate"
prosecution is -- by coincidence -- running for governor on a law-and-order
platform.

"A degree of suspicion about people who hold office in a democracy is not
necessarily a bad thing," Mr. Johnston says. "But the climate today is such
that, even if a politician campaigning for office accounts for every dollar as
legally earned, legally dispersed and legally spent, 80% of people will still
assume he's corrupt."

"Is Barack Obama the man to lead a rebirth of ethics?" I ask.

"Potentially. Potentially," he replies. "It will be interesting to see how he
finances his next campaign. But taking a position of standing against corruption
is a very vulnerable place to be."

---

"We come in the name of Jesus," proclaims (perhaps unconstitutionally)

Reverend Rickie Crapp. We're at the regular Tuesday-morning meeting of city
council in downtown Birmingham, Ala., a city now synonymous with political
scandals of the most malodorous kind.

It was here in Jefferson County that former commissioner and mayor Larry
Langford accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and luxury goods
via a pair of Democratic party bagmen in connection with contracts to build a
new sewage-treatment system.

Or, as Matt Taibbi described the scandal last month in Rolling Stone, "A mob of
corrupt local officials and morally absent financiers got together to build a
giant device that converted human shit into billions of dollars of profit for
Wall Street."

By any standards, the malfeasance of Mr. Langford--and the generosity of his
co-conspirators-- was impressive, ranging from a $12,000 wristwatch to a closet
full of cashmere sweaters and Ferragamo shoes.

Facing more than 800 years in jail, he was sent up the river last month to a
federal prison in Kentucky for a mere decade and a half.

Birmingham now has a new mayor named William A. Bell.

"Is this the worst era of corruption in this country that there has ever been?"
I ask the Mayor.

"I don't believe that," he answers. "But there is a 'gotcha' attitude between
political rivals that never existed before. And there are things that are
illegal today that were legal to do before."

"Are you personally incorruptible?" I ask.

"No one is incorruptible," Mr. Bell replies. "Every day, before I come to work,
I pray that God will give me the strength to resist whatever comes through that
door, whether it may be threats, or blackmail or whatever. All I can do is hope
that the example I set will permeate the city government, so that when you come
here to interact with the city government, you don't have to come bearing
gifts."

"What about your city council?" I pose. "Are they all beyond suspicion?"

"Come on," says the Mayor of Birmingham, Ala. "You know better than that."

---

"I won't let this define me as a person. I'm a very good person," T.D. El-Amin
says at the Montgomery Federal Prison Camp. "Inside, I'm still the little kid
who used to shovel old people's walks and cut their grass for free."

"You're a corrupt politician who took a bribe," I remind him.

"Who says I'm corrupt?" the felon retorts.

"You could have refused the money," I suggest.

"Yeah. If I called it a 'campaign contribution,' I wouldn't be here," he says.
"But who should I apologize to? The public? I haven't harmed the public. I
apologize to those who put their trust in me. But I haven't harmed anyone but
myself and my family that is doing this time with me.

"My message to anyone in my situation is, if you can see the line, you're too
close to the line," Mr. El-Amin says. "I take full responsibility for my
actions. But I'm sure you find 100% of people in jail say the same thing."

"How do you think people will react when you get out of here and go home?" I
wonder.

"The people who will boo, they'll be jealous," the bribe-taker replies. "They'll
see how the people welcome me and they'll wonder, 'Who is this guy?'

"When I go home, I don't think it will be boos. I think it will be cheers."

---------

CORRUPT NATION

Allen Abel's four-part series continues next week.

MONDAY

In the courthouse, with the politicians on trial.

TUESDAY

In Logan County, where soft cash and hard liquor buy votes.

Wednesday

In New Jersey, foundation stone of a corrupt nation.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Corrupt Nation

GRAPHIC: Chart/Graph: Chloe Cushman And Richard Johnson, National Post;
Nationwide Federal Prosecutions Of Corrupt Public Officials 1999-2008  Black &
White
Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images; A quote taken from a taped conversation of
former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich is displayed during closing arguments
in his impeachment trial in the state Senate chamber in January 2009. Below,
from left, former Birmingham mayor Larry Langford, Blagojevich and former
Missouri politician T.D. El-Amin.  Black & White
Photo: Tamika Moore, Birmingham News;  Black & White
Photo: Joshua Lott, Getty Images;  Black & White
Photo: J.B. Forbes, Post-Dispatch;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 3, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Editorial Observer;
Before WorldCom, the Funeral Industry Set the Standard for Venality

BYLINE:  By ADAM COHEN

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 877 words


The high point -- make that the low point -- of "The American Way of Death" is
Jessica Mitford's account of a friend's attempt to bury a relative without
spending a fortune. When the friend asked for an inexpensive redwood coffin, the
funeral home agreed at first. But the salesman called back to say the deceased
was too tall, and she had to buy a coffin that cost $100 more. When Ms.
Mitford's friend balked, the salesman responded, "Oh, all right, we'll use the
redwood one, but we'll have to cut off his feet."

This summer it feels as if big business is letting us down as never before. But
corporate scandals have been a part of American history since the Yazoo land
fraud of 1795. Thirty-nine years ago Ms. Mitford exposed one of the most
jaw-dropping of all: the great funeral industry scandal of 1963. Her findings,
acerbically set forth in her surprise best seller, hold some important lessons
for today's reformers.

This unlikely scandal was set off by an unlikely crusader. One of six daughters
of the Baron of Redesdale, Ms. Mitford left the British aristocracy behind and
married Bob Treuhaft, an Oakland trade-union lawyer. From him she learned that
when working men died, their hard-won death benefits -- intended to support
their widows and children -- invariably ended up in the pockets of unscrupulous
undertakers.

On the trail of injustice, Ms. Mitford made undercover visits to funeral parlors
and pored over back issues of Casket & Sunnyside -- and the rest is muckraking
history. "The American Way of Death" soared to the top of the New York Times
best-seller list, and ignited a firestorm. CBS turned it into an hourlong
documentary, and newspapers from New York to San Francisco investigated local
funeral practices. Ms. Mitford's encounters with shady undertakers and cemetery
plot salesmen led her to some conclusions that apply to today's corporate
scandals, or most likely soon will:

1. Never underestimate corporate greed. Before her book came out, funeral
directors presented themselves as humble comforters of the bereaved. But Ms.
Mitford showed that they charged more to bury 1.7 million Americans a year than
universities charged to educate 3.6 million.

Many observers of today's scandals have been shocked by how far rich people will
go to become richer. Bernard Ebbers, who took in more than $46 million at
WorldCom, still grabbed nearly a million shares of hot I.P.O. stock, possibly
illegally. Martha Stewart, who is worth a good fraction of a billion dollars,
took the time to personally trade -- perhaps using insider information -- a few
thousand shares of ImClone stock. Having met prosperous businessmen who would
threaten to cut off a loved one's feet to make a few more bucks, Ms. Mitford
would not have been a bit surprised.

2. Corporate crooks often tell us exactly what they're doing. Much of "The
American Way of Death" is simply excerpts from the funeral industry's own
publications. (The book "Successful Funeral Management" warned undertakers not
to line up coffins by price, since it made it too easy for the grieving family
to comparison shop.) So it is with the current scandal, where the most damning
evidence is in many cases the wrongdoers' own words. Wall Street analysts issued
"buy" recommendations while yukking it up in internal e-mails that the stocks
were junk. C.E.O.'s made bullish pronouncements, duping their shareholders and
employees, while filling out forms to sell their own stock. When their words are
quoted back to them in legal indictments, it will be akin to what Ms. Mitford
retorted to funeral directors who complained about her book: She could not see
why they were unhappy, since it was "almost entirely given over to expounding
their point of view."

3. Sometimes it isn't just the bad apples. President Bush has tried to argue
that the misdeeds of Enron, WorldCom and the rest are ethical lapses of a few
bad actors, and that the solution is criminal prosecutions. But the point of
"The American Way of Death" is that the funeral industry as a whole was corrupt.
"This would normally be the place to say . . . 'I am not, of course, speaking of
the vast majority of ethical undertakers,' " Ms. Mitford wrote in the foreword.
"But the vast majority of ethical undertakers is precisely the subject of this
book." The only solution, she insisted -- as reformers today must -- was
sweeping reform.

4. Reform comes slowly. For those hoping for meaningful reform now, the funeral
experience is sobering. When "The American Way of Death" came out in 1963, the
public was outraged. But despite a flood of angry letters, it took the Federal
Trade Commission until 1972 to begin an investigation. It was 12 more years
before it adopted -- over strenuous industry lobbying -- a rule instituting some
of the reforms Ms. Mitford had recommended.

The new rule required funeral homes, but not cemeteries, to itemize services and
costs in advance so consumers could decide which they wanted. Still, when Ms.
Mitford died in 1996, much of her agenda had been blocked. The Senate held
hearings this summer on a bill, to be introduced later this month, that would,
among other things, require cemeteries to itemize costs -- just in time for the
40th anniversary of Ms. Mitford's explosive little book.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              41 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 15, 2015 Friday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Why not just own up?;
Brady, Patriots should drop appeal, admit the truth and commit to fair play

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 473 words


If Americans needed more proof - again - that it is dangerous to confuse
professional athletes with heroes or even role models, then Tom Brady may yet
perform a useful service.

It is possible, certainly, for an athlete to be a good role model, but not
because of his profession, which renders him just as prone to venality as any
other human - especially those humans whose wealth and success can be
dramatically influenced by breaking rules. That's the lesson Brady offers to the
world, following the persuasive investigation of the matter of deflated
footballs used by the New England Patriots in last season's AFC Championship
Game against the Indianapolis Colts.

The investigation shows that two Patriots employees deflated the balls after
league officials cleared the balls for use. Worse, they showed that quarterback
Brady likely knew about it and likely lied about it. What is more, the conduct
is of a sort that sports fans have come to expect from the Patriots, for whom
rules seem little more than a hindrance to be ignored at will.

The league responded forcefully this week, suspending Brady for the first four
games of the coming season, fining the team $1 million and taking away a
first-round draft pick next year and a fourth-round choice in 2017. On Friday,
Brady appealed the punishment. He should drop it. What is already terrible for
him - not to mention the team and the sport - he can only make worse. It's time
to own up and set a new course.

The team is already vying with the 1919 Chicago White Sox for the title of most
despicable sport team. The White Sox scandal was about fixing the World Series.
The Patriot scandal was about cheating your way into the Super Bowl. One is not
so much different from the other in its greedy and unsportsmanlike intentions.

What is more, does anyone really think that this is the first time Brady and
others in the Patriots organization deflated balls for the team's advantage?
It's a rare thing to get caught the first time you break the rules. More likely,
this is just the first time Brady got caught.

The other reason to own up to the cheating is to spare the two Patriots workers
who actually deflated the balls from absorbing the worst of the punishment. They
were indefinitely suspended, without real hope for reinstatement.

Their only chance for a less severe punishment is if Brady admits his role. If
he knew about the deflated balls, as the investigation clearly suggests, then it
is hard to imagine that the two workers were acting solely on their own
initiative. Some greater balance would be nice.

Still, the punishments, hard as they are, suit the offense. Professional sport
is of no value if competitors don't follow rules meant to ensure that the
contests are about skill rather than fraud. What the Patriots committed was
fraud, and that will follow the team forever.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 24, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Hefty Paydays and Palookas Are Pleasing to Bowe

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 4; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 843 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 23


The joyous venality and misery of boxing played themselves out in adjoining dank
underground rooms at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium not long after midnight today.

Victors (or at least their lawyers) were dividing the spoils of the heavyweight
kingdom, imagining riches that would accrue to Riddick Bowe and Lennox Lewis,
following Bowe's overwhelming performance against the outclassed Jesse Ferguson.

But will the public continue to go for these blowouts?

Gimme Credibility

Tommy Morrison, a potential candidate for both fighters, had said before the
bout that Bowe, as a new titleholder, "was entitled to one gimme." Now, Bowe has
enjoyed two. The boxing world will not stand for any more.

Seth Abraham, the head of HBO, pays Bowe millions of dollars to fight, and wants
a competitive bout soon before the title is tarnished. The 3-minute-17-second
fiasco in the Ferguson fight was exactly the sort of fight Abraham feared would
sully his show.

The fans here weren't fooled. Perhaps 8,000 showed up, even though the
Brooklyn-born Bowe was touted as a new resident of Washington. About 40 percent
of the tickets were purchased by Rock Newman, Bowe's manager.

Newman has successfully launched the champion's reign with a pair of fights --
Michael Dokes almost made it through one round in February -- that have lasted a
grand total of 5 minutes 36 seconds.

The 36-year-old Ferguson, admitting "I choked" at the prospect of fighting for
the world heavyweight championship, was counted out after 17 seconds of the
second round.

Who's Next?

Now what for Bowe, who holds the World Boxing Association and International
Boxing Federation titles to Lewis's World Boxing Council crown?

Dan Duva, who has promotional or managerial ties all over the world, said, "If
Riddick wants to restore some credibility to the heavyweight picture, he should
fight these people."

Duva has instructed his son Dan to "present Bowe and Newman with a package:
Evander first, Michael Moorer second and then Lewis."

Easier said than done, but it can be done.

Meanwhile Frank Maloney, Lewis's manager, said that ideally his fighter would
face Morrison, who fights George Foreman on June 7.

"If not Morrison, we'd negotiate with Foreman if he wins," said Maloney. "And if
not Foreman, we'll try Holyfield."

Bowe, though, probably (a key word in the boxing business) will face Holyfield
in November. Bowe unseated Holyfield last November to take the title.

'A Great Champion'

At 244 pounds, Bowe didn't seem concerned about being trim. Indeed, when the
fight was over, Seth Braunstein, one of Ferguson's managers, hugged Bowe and
told him: "You're a great champion. But you've got to be more focused. Look at
the weight you came in with."

Twenty pounds heavier than Ferguson (and 11 years younger), Bowe had a few
ripples around his stomach. Still, the unbeaten puncher increased his record to
34 victories with 29 knockouts.

Ferguson's future is cloudy but promising. He will net about $300,000, enough to
get him started on a career as a youth counselor in Philadelphia. Reflecting on
what it means to fight for a title at age 36, he described coming into the
stadium "and realizing you're trying to win the championship of the world."

"It's a shock," he said.

Braunstein attempted to deflect some of the pressure from Ferguson. But the
classy challenger suddenly put a hand on Braunstein and said: "I'm the one who
takes the blame. Personally, I choked."

A Bit Too Eager

If he ever had a chance, it might have evaporated like his perspiration in the
cold night air. He came into the ring about 11:30 P.M. He was perspiring. He had
lathered himself pretty well and was warmed up. Then Bowe made him wait.
Ferguson moved around the ring punching air. When Bowe showed up, Ferguson
noticed the champion was warm and perspiring and "I was cold." The fight began
at 11:38.

Bowe's first stinging jab raised a mark on Ferguson, who had hoped to come in
punching, catching the 6-foot-5-inch champion before he could establish his
rhythm. Instead, a left dropped Ferguson, who fell, rolled over and, in what
seemed to be a long count, got up at the count of nine as the bell rang.

Between rounds, he was examined by a physician, who blocked the entrance to his
corner. His handlers wanted to tell him to come out smoking for Round 2, they
were to explain later, but they couldn't get to Ferguson.

Instead, Bowe rattled off six unanswered punches when the round started.
Inevitably, as the final booming right thundered home, Ferguson was about to go
into retirement.




PUNCH LINES

ROY JONES Jr., who won the International Boxing Federation middleweight title
with a unanimous decision over BERNARD HOPKINS, apparently had a bruised right
hand that he had concealed from the news media for several weeks. His lawyer,
STANLEY LEVIN of Pensacola, Fla., said Sunday: "We kept it from everyone, but
that's why we didn't do any sparring the last few weeks. If you noticed during
the fight, he switched to a southpaw style a few times."

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jesse Ferguson, left, trying to protect himself from Riddick
Bowe's right fist Saturday night. (Michael Geissinger for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              43 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 28, 1996, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

BROADCASTING LIVE FROM GHETTO, TV NEWS

BYLINE: Reviewed by Chris Hayden

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 366 words


LIVE AT FIVE

A novel by David Haynee

267 pages, Milkweed Editions, $ 21.95

BRANDON WILSON is the black co-anchor of the 5 o'clock news on TV station KCKK
in St. Paul, Minn., which is regularly trounced in the ratings by reruns of "The
Facts of Life."

Dexter Rayburn, his scumbag of a station manager (banished from headquarters in
New York for dallying with the daughter of the station owner) has a plan that
will rescue the program and their careers from the doldrums: Brandon will
broadcast live from the ghetto!

In his novels "Right by My Side" and "Somebody Else's Mama," David Haynes wrote
about blue-collar and middle-class blacks in small-town settings. "Live at
Five," his latest, concerns the adventures of Brandon, an upper-class black, in
the inner city.

This book has as many subjects as there were acts on those old-style variety
shows: the sorry state of TV news, the backstabbing and venality that goes on
behind the scenes, the relationship that successful blacks have with those still
struggling to make it.

Does Brandon owe some responsibility to those people? "Live at Five" says "Yes."
Why? "Because he's on television, Dummy!" to paraphrase The Voice that spoke to
Howard Beal in the movie "Network," which, in attitude, this book echoes.

But Dexter is pressing Brandon for sensational stories about "crackhouses and
the prostitutes and the welfare queens" and Brandon is not getting any younger.

He, his daffy co-host Mindy and Dexter are as two-dimensional as a fake plywood
set. It is to Nita, a single mother who manages the apartment from which Brandon
broadcasts, to whom we must turn for a fleshed-out character. She is the one who
devises a scheme to turn the tables on the blind cyclops of TV news.

Haynes' plot calls for some suspension of belief, but no more than that needed
to sit through the average sitcom. This adult (spicy language), satirical tale
by the St. Louis native (and semifinalist in this year's GRANTA Best Young
American Novelist Contest) is his best - one that those who reach for the remote
at the sight of Bryant and Katie will enjoy.

David Haynes will be at Left Bank Books, 399 North Euclid, at 7 p.m. Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photoheadshot - David Haynes, a former St. Louisan, sets his
latest novel in the inner city.

TYPE: REVIEW BOOK

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              44 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 25, 1999, Monday

Olympic Corruption: Shameful story of how the Games were won

BYLINE: By John Davison in Lausanne

SECTION: NEWS; Page 5

LENGTH: 930 words


THE SETTING could not be more suited to lofty ideals: a pristine- white
headquarters set on a hilltop above Lake Geneva. But from these Olympian heights
last night was delivered a report on the low farce that the selection of cities
for the Olympic Games has become.

President Juan Antonio Samaranch, the man who had turned the Games into a
multi-billion dollar enterprise, was now reaping the consequences.  He railed
against those IOC members who had abused their positions in order to extract
gifts and cash from cities equally keen to benefit from the hogs' trough of
money now generated by the greatest sporting show on earth. "The members in
question breached their Olympic Oath and violated the faith placed in them by
the Olympic Family," he said.

Evidence from the special commission set up to investigate the winning of the
bid for the 2002 Winter Olympics by Salt Lake City uncovered venality on the
part of individual IOC members which even the most hardened Olympic cynics could
not have imagined.

A six-person IOC investigative panel concluded its report yesterday morning into
the cash payments, scholarships and other favours tied to Salt Lake's winning
bid for the 2002 Winter Games.

The members were cited for accepting inducements - reportedly totalling close to
$ 600,000 (pounds 365,000) in cash and benefits - from Salt Lake boosters.
There were also reports of lavish gifts, free medical care and other improper
exchanges between the members and the Salt Lake bidders.

One member, Jean-Claude Ganga from Congo, was shown to have received payments
into a personal bank account of $ 70,010 from the Salt Lake City Olympic
Committee (SLOC). In addition he and his family received $ 17,000 worth of
medical expenses and a total of $ 115,000 in travel expenses.  "Unusually
generous gifts and entertainment" accounted for an additional $ 14,000. Mr
Ganga's defence was that much of the money had later been passed on to the
Olympic organisations in African countries.

But if this is extreme behaviour, it is equally true that the ultimate
responsibility for the overall situation must lie with Mr Samaranch himself and
his headlong drive since taking over in 1980 to make the games a highly
commercial proposition. As individual sponsors and, crucially, television
companies have been willing to pour millions of dollars into the spectacle since
the Los Angeles Olympics in 1984, so temptations have increased.

The commission's report acknowledges as much. "In a very short time, the Olympic
Games have changed from being a potential financial burden on a host city to an
opportunity to attract billions of dollars to the host country or community," it
says. "With all this, unfortunately, comes increased opportunity on the part of
candidates and deciders alike to be exposed to conduct which may be
questionable." Sergio Santander Fantini, from Chile, was another who is judged
to have taken full advantage of such opportunities. He received payments from
the SLOC totalling pounds 20,050.  His defence was that this was used for a
political campaign, and he thought that it was a personal donation from the
president of the bid committee.

Zein El Abdin Ahmed Abdel Gadir, from Sudan, received $ 25,000 in payments that
benefited himself and his family, particularly his son who got $ 18,000 in just
over a year. Lamine Keita, from Mali, received more than $ 97,000, including
subsidies for his son's accommodation and living expenses, books, tuition and
air fares while attending a local university.

Charles Nderitu Mukora, from Kenya, received direct payments of $ 34,650 which
he claimed were for the development of sporting activities in his country. This
idea was rejected by the commission.

Finally, of those suspended and recommended for expulsion from the IOC, Agustin
Arroyo from Ecuador received four large payments totalling not less than $
19,000. By engaging in such conduct, the report says, "Mr Arroyo has been
unworthy of, and jeopardised the interests of, the IOC in a manner incompatible
with the duties and obligations pertaining to his membership."

Given that since 1986 a limit of $ 150 per gift per member has been imposed,
this does all seem to be an open-and-shut case. That ruling was itself brought
in after the gift situation was thought to have previously got out of hand.

For Salt Lake City, the defence it offers was that this is what it had to do in
order to win, having previously been frustrated in more conventional efforts to
win the games since 1984. There is, then, some credence in the bleating of its
officials that they were as much victims of the existing system as corrupters of
the innocent IOC. The final straw for them must have come in 1991 when the city
tried yet again, only to be beaten by Nagano for the right to stage last year's
Winter Olympics.

Nagano had no existing facilities and indifferent snow, but it did have Yoshiaki
Tsutsumi, one of the world's richest men. And it was he who brought together 19
of Japan's biggest companies to contribute $ 20m to the building of the Olympic
Museum in Lausanne. Nagano won the final vote by just four members out of a
total of 88.

Funnily enough, this was not mentioned last night, although the commission is
now committed to investigating earlier bids as far back as 1990.  As Mr
Samaranch remains in charge, resolutely saying that he has never even considered
resigning over the recent scandal, the question may yet be asked: Was the museum
itself the biggest "gift for games" of them all?


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              45 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 9, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Business and the Law;
Lawyers' Fees In Bhopal Case

BYLINE: By Stuart Diamond

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 883 words


AS if the legal profession did not get enough public criticism about venality,
lawyers in perhaps the biggest personal injury suit ever are squabbling with
each other over clients, fees and legal control of hundreds of thousands of
poor, injured foreigners.

At issue are billions of dollars in claims filed in Federal District Court in
Manhattan on behalf of more than 1,700 dead and 200,000 injured in Bhopal,
India, following a leak of a pesticide ingredient from a Union Carbide plant
last Dec. 3. Many victims signed up with more than one lawyer on the streets of
the central Indian city in the days following the mishap.

Now, at least three factions of lawyers want John F. Keenan, Federal judge for
the Southern District of New York, to certify them as the rightful group to
represent the afflicted. Such a group, called the steering committee, is
increasingly common in major personal injury cases, and sometimes only attorneys
on the committee do the legal work and are paid.



One proposed committee is headed by the law firm of Aaron J. Broder and F. Lee
Bailey in Manhattan. Another is headed by Kohn, Milstein, Hausfield & Cohen in
Washington and Waite, Schneider, Bayless & Chesley in Cincinnati. A third is
headed by David S. Shrager of Shrager, McDaid & Loftus in Philadelphia.,

Fees and cooperation with India are two main points of disupte. The Kohn-Waite
group plans to sue the Indian Government in New Delhi, partly because of the
potential loss of fees if India succeeds in exclusively representing the
victims.

Some American lawyers initially talked about reaping the normal damage suit fee
of 33 percent - a large windfall in a huge award. After much criticism, most
lawyers in this case now say fees should be less. Some favor 10 percent, others
favor hourly rates and others favor a flat amount per client. Stanley M. Chesley
of the Cincinnati firm says the issue should be decided after a damage figure is
confirmed; Mr. Shrager believes the issue should be decided now.

''There is the danger that a few lawyers are reinforcing the perception that
American lawyers as a group are only interested in making money as the result of
a tragedy that occurred halfway around the world,'' says Mr. Shrager, past
president of the 60,000-member Association of Trial Lawyers of America. He says
American lawyers should cooperate with India, which could provide logistical and
administrative support.

Indeed, some recent statements by lawyers could reinforce a negative view of
their intentions. Wendell H. Gauthier, a Kenner, La., lawyer and disaster
expert, says, ''Our motivation is to make money - make no mistake about that.''
Richard E. Brown, an associate of Melvin Belli in San Francisco, says, ''It
could be the largest recovery for United States attorneys in the history of the
American legal system.''

Such sentiments have angered many Indians. ''Foreign Lawyers Out to Fleece Gas
Victims,'' said one headline in India. The Indian Law Minister, H.R. Bhardwaj,
declared, ''I don't trust U.S. lawyers.'' Apparently that accounts, at least in
part, for the Indian Government's filing its own suit yesterday on behalf of the
victims.

The Chesley contingent claims 29 members, Mr. Bailey 26 and Mr. Shrager 25 to
30. But the numbers are a bit misleading. ''I have not exclusively joined any
committee,'' says Gopaljee Jaiswal, a lawyer who was born in India and who
practices in Hempstead, L.I. His name appears on the Bailey list.

Most legal experts believe the Americans have increased the eventual damage
awards, by heightening publicity about the victims and pushing for a United
States venue, where awards are usually higher. ''Money promotes ingenuity and
aggressiveness and gives the victims good representation,'' Mr. Gauthier
declared.

The type of suit is also disputed. Mr. Shrager says that only individual,
personal injury suits should be filed, tailoring damages to each victim. Mr.
Broder and Mr. Chesley say there is room both for personal injury and for class
action, in which each victim gets roughly the same amount.



Mr. Broder has pushed for a settlement and has accused Mr. Chesley of pushing
for litigation. Mr. Chesley has countered that attorneys for the Union Carbide
Corporation do not want to negotiate with American plaintiff lawyers. He also
contends that a suit against India is needed because India has no right to
represent clients who have a lawyer. He says India may also be in a conflict of
interest: Government-sponsored institutions there hold 23 percent of the stock
in Union Carbide India Ltd., the subsidiary that owns the Bhopal plant.

Lawyers' factions exist in many complex cases, and all sides expect Judge Keenan
to settle them. But this case presents some special problems. Mr. Broder worries
that the conflict may lead the judge to order the case to be tried in India. Mr.
Shrager says it is not useful for the legal profession to wash dirty laundry in
a public forum.

''Union Carbide has been involved in an ongoing public relations campaign,
putting on a good face for several months,'' he said. ''We are in danger of
performing a public disservice by highlighting our disagreements in such a
high-profile event when we should be concentrating our attention in fighting
Union Carbide.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              46 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               December 22, 2000

MARTIN SAMUEL IS ON HOLIDAY; CHRISTMAS.

BYLINE: DOMINIC UTTON

SECTION: COL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 97 words


IT SEEMS that amid all the stress and arguments and desperate venality of the
season, there's still a bit of lovin' in the air this Christmas. Suddenly
everyone's getting married. First of all Our Kev, in Chelsea last month, and now
my mate Charlie, in Manchester next week. A colleague announced her engagement
barely a fortnight ago. It's getting to be quite the done thing. Next thing you
know all those celebrity types will be following suit. Mark my words - it's only
a matter of time before that Catherine Zeta Jones gets hitched, I reckon. And as
for that Madonna...

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2000 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              47 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 30, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

VERBATIM;
Public Horse-Trading

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 5; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 46 words


'Even when free of venality, political horse-trading over contracts is a poor
way to conduct the public's business.'

State-City Commission on Integrity in Government, recommending the establishment
of consistent contract procedures throughout the city government.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              48 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            November 25, 2011 Friday

The shocking truth about the crackdown on Occupy

BYLINE: Naomi Wolfguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1422 words

ABSTRACT

Naomi Wolf: The violent police assaults across the US are no coincidence. Occupy
has touched the third rail of our political class's venality

FULL TEXT

US citizens of all political persuasions are still reeling from images of
unparallelled police brutality in a coordinated crackdown against peaceful OWS
protesters in cities across the nation this past week. An elderly woman was
pepper-sprayed in the face; the scene of unresisting, supine students at UC
Davis being pepper-sprayed by phalanxes of riot police went viral online; images
proliferated of young women - targeted seemingly for their gender - screaming,
dragged by the hair by police in riot gear; and the pictures of a young man,
stunned and bleeding profusely from the head, emerged in the record of the
middle-of-the-night clearing of Zuccotti Park.

But just when Americans thought we had the picture - was this crazy police and
mayoral overkill, on a municipal level, in many different cities? - the picture
darkened. The National Union of Journalists and the Committee to Protect
Journalists issued a Freedom of Information Act request to investigate possible
federal involvement with law enforcement practices that appeared to target
journalists. The New York Times reported that "New York cops have arrested,
punched, whacked, shoved to the ground and tossed a barrier at reporters and
photographers" covering protests. Reporters were asked by NYPD to raise their
hands to prove they had credentials: when many dutifully did so, they were
taken, upon threat of arrest, away from the story they were covering, and penned
far from the site in which the news was unfolding. Other reporters wearing press
passes were arrested and roughed up by cops, after being - falsely - informed by
police that "It is illegal to take pictures on the sidewalk."

In New York, a state supreme court justice and a New York City council member
were beaten up; in Berkeley, California, one of our greatest national poets,
Robert Hass, was beaten with batons. The picture darkened still further when
Wonkette and Washingtonsblog.com reported that the Mayor of Oakland acknowledged
that the Department of Homeland Security had participated in an 18-city mayor
conference call advising mayors on "how to suppress" Occupy protests.

To Europeans, the enormity of this breach may not be obvious at first. Our
system of government prohibits the creation of a federalised police force, and
forbids federal or militarised involvement in municipal peacekeeping.

I noticed that rightwing pundits and politicians on the TV shows on which I was
appearing were all on-message against OWS. Journalist Chris Hayes reported on a
leaked memo that revealed lobbyists vying for an $850,000 contract to smear
Occupy. Message coordination of this kind is impossible without a full-court
press at the top. This was clearly not simply a case of a freaked-out mayors',
city-by-city municipal overreaction against mess in the parks and cranky
campers. As the puzzle pieces fit together, they began to show coordination
against OWS at the highest national levels.

Why this massive mobilisation against these not-yet-fully-articulated, unarmed,
inchoate people? After all, protesters against the war in Iraq, Tea Party
rallies and others have all proceeded without this coordinated crackdown. Is it
really the camping? As I write, two hundred young people, with sleeping bags,
suitcases and even folding chairs, are still camping out all night and day
outside of NBC on public sidewalks - under the benevolent eye of an NYPD cop -
awaiting Saturday Night Live tickets, so surely the camping is not the issue. I
was still deeply puzzled as to why OWS, this hapless, hopeful band, would call
out a violent federal response.

That is, until I found out what it was that OWS actually wanted.

The mainstream media was declaring continually "OWS has no message". Frustrated,
I simply asked them. I began soliciting online "What is it you want?" answers
from Occupy. In the first 15 minutes, I received 100 answers. These were truly
eye-opening.

The No 1 agenda item: get the money out of politics. Most often cited was
legislation to blunt the effect of the Citizens United ruling, which lets
boundless sums enter the campaign process. No 2: reform the banking system to
prevent fraud and manipulation, with the most frequent item being to restore the
Glass-Steagall Act - the Depression-era law, done away with by President
Clinton, that separates investment banks from commercial banks. This law would
correct the conditions for the recent crisis, as investment banks could not take
risks for profit that create kale derivatives out of thin air, and wipe out the
commercial and savings banks.

No 3 was the most clarifying: draft laws against the little-known loophole that
currently allows members of Congress to pass legislation affecting
Delaware-based corporations in which they themselves are investors.

When I saw this list - and especially the last agenda item - the scales fell
from my eyes. Of course, these unarmed people would be having the shit kicked
out of them.

For the terrible insight to take away from news that the Department of Homeland
Security coordinated a violent crackdown is that the DHS does not freelance. The
DHS cannot say, on its own initiative, "we are going after these scruffy
hippies". Rather, DHS is answerable up a chain of command: first, to New York
Representative Peter King, head of the House homeland security subcommittee, who
naturally is influenced by his fellow congressmen and women's wishes and
interests. And the DHS answers directly, above King, to the president (who was
conveniently in Australia at the time).

In other words, for the DHS to be on a call with mayors, the logic of its chain
of command and accountability implies that congressional overseers, with the
blessing of the White House, told the DHS to authorise mayors to order their
police forces - pumped up with millions of dollars of hardware and training from
the DHS - to make war on peaceful citizens.

But wait: why on earth would Congress advise violent militarised reactions
against its own peaceful constituents? The answer is straightforward: in recent
years, members of Congress have started entering the system as members of the
middle class (or upper middle class) - but they are leaving DC privy to vast
personal wealth, as we see from the "scandal" of presidential contender Newt
Gingrich's having been paid $1.8m for a few hours' "consulting" to special
interests. The inflated fees to lawmakers who turn lobbyists are common
knowledge, but the notion that congressmen and women are legislating their own
companies' profitsis less widely known - and if the books were to be opened,
they would surely reveal corruption on a Wall Street spectrum. Indeed, we do
already know that congresspeople are massively profiting from trading on
non-public information they have on companies about which they are legislating -
a form of insider trading that sent Martha Stewart to jail.

Since Occupy is heavily surveilled and infiltrated, it is likely that the DHS
and police informers are aware, before Occupy itself is, what its emerging
agenda is going to look like. If legislating away lobbyists' privileges to earn
boundless fees once they are close to the legislative process, reforming the
banks so they can't suck money out of fake derivatives products, and, most
critically, opening the books on a system that allowed members of Congress to
profit personally - and immensely - from their own legislation, are two beats
away from the grasp of an electorally organised Occupy movement ... well, you
will call out the troops on stopping that advance.

So, when you connect the dots, properly understood, what happened this week is
the first battle in a civil war; a civil war in which, for now, only one side is
choosing violence. It is a battle in which members of Congress, with the
collusion of the American president, sent violent, organised suppression against
the people they are supposed to represent. Occupy has touched the third rail:
personal congressional profits streams. Even though they are, as yet, unaware of
what the implications of their movement are, those threatened by the stirrings
of their dreams of reform are not.

Sadly, Americans this week have come one step closer to being true brothers and
sisters of the protesters in Tahrir Square. Like them, our own national leaders,
who likely see their own personal wealth under threat from transparency and
reform, are now making war upon us.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                October 27, 1991

Victim of the Mob psychology;
Little Man: Meyer Lansky And The Gangster Life, by Robert Lacey (Century,
£17.99)

BYLINE: By J. G. Ballard

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 940 words


AMERICANS cherish their gangsters, Robert Lacey remarks in this rich and
entertaining biography of Meyer Lansky, one of the most mysterious criminal
figures of the past 50 years.

At times that fascination seems to extend to the entire world of crime, itself
an inverted image of the American Dream, with its violence, energy and pursuit
of the fast buck.  Only serial killers, presidential assassins, and out-and-out
psychos -- none of whom are interested in money -- are excluded from the gallery
of glamorised rogues.

The small-town bank-robbers of the 1930s were rapidly mythologised into a band
of punk Robin Hoods, from Dillinger and Pretty Boy Floyd to Baby-Face Nelson and
Ma Barker, a proto-feminist heroine if I saw one, who died beside son Fred,
firing her Thompson in a final gun-battle with the G-Men.  But none of them
could match the sinister charm of the big city crime-bosses who emerged from the
Prohibition years.  As the American economy boomed during second world war, the
public imagination seemed to insist that crime too be conducted on a corporate
basis, matching the giant scale of the steel, oil, and automobile industries.

With the invention of the Mafia, whose existence many US law enforcement
officers deny to this day, the endemic corruptions and venalities of American
life were explained away at a stroke.  Capone had died in prison of syphilis
after being convicted of tax evasion, and he was followed by a financially more
savvy group of New York criminals, above all Lucky Luciano, who broke away from
traditional Sicilian practices into more expansive and profitable underworld
activities.

Although associated with these mobsters, who were deeply involved in drugs,
extortion, and labour racketeering, Meyer Lansky was a very different figure, as
Robert Lacey points out, and his elevation to the pantheon of criminal fame is
in many ways surprising.  But if the American public demanded that crime be put
on a corporate basis, someone had to be found with the brains and administrative
skills to run the corporation, and Lansky seemed to play the part to perfection.

The American press called him the Chairman of the board, and the brains behind
the Mafia.  He was claimed to have a personal fortune of $ 300 million, to have
financed Bugsy Siegel in the creation of Las Vegas and to have teamed up with
Batista to run the great Havana casinos.  "We're bigger than US Steel" was his
most quoted remark, and he achieved the ultimate in popular fame by being
portrayed by Lee Strasberg as the Mafia chief Hyman Roth in The Godfather II.

A few years ago, as I drove along Miami Beach where Lansky had retired, past the
luxury condos with their washed gravel drives that looked as if they were
delivered fresh from the quarry each morning, past the stretch limos guarded by
large-shouldered men in black suits and shades, I imagined Lansky in a duplex
apartment under the sky, manipulating the Mafia's vast cash reserves on a
terminal linked to Wall Street as he gazed at his fleet of cocaine-running
speed-boats.

But I couldn't have been more wrong, and the luxury condos, if not the cocaine
boats, were almost certainly owned by Miami dentists and heart surgeons.  As
Robert Lacey reveals, the image of Lansky created by American newspapers and
television was a complete myth, partly sustained by the failure of the US
Justice Department to convict him of any serious crime, a failure that only
reinforced the belief in Lansky's all-embracing power.

In fact, before his death he was living in a poorly furnished one-bedroom
apartment, and left so little money to his heirs that his crippled son was soon
reduced to existing on welfare.  After the overthrow of Batista, and the loss of
the Riviera hotel-casino in Havana that Lansky had built, he lived for years in
a modest bungalow north of Miami, whose only expensive equipment was the
elaborate bugging device which the FBI secretly installed.

Unlike the New York crime bosses, Lansky was never involved in drugs,
prostitution, or labour racketeering, despite his childhood friendship with a
real crime-tsar, Luciano.  Born in eastern Poland in 1902, Lansky arrived in
America with his parents at the age of four.  A clever child with a flair for
mathematics, he was small but aggressive, and as a teenager became a lookout and
strong-arm man for the Jewish and Italian gamblers on New York's lower east
side.  His quick mind and organisational skills were invaluable to Luciano
during the bootlegging years, and with the repeal of Prohibition Lansky turned
his skills towards that other great American pastime, illicit gambling.

Robert Lacey makes the point convincing that, far from being one of the
architects of modern organised crime, Lansky in the post-war years was primarily
a casino operator, inside and outside the law.  He helped to devise the concept
of the big Las Vegas resort hotel, which offered glitz along with first-class
service and is now the dominant style of the international hotel.

The illegal skimming of the take which he organised for the gangster owners of
the Vegas hotels is the main charge against him, but like many a corrupt
book-keeper he led a frugal private life, subscribing to the Book of the Month
Club and worrying about his unhappy children, who were clearly unable to cope
with the manufactured image that the US media had foisted upon their father.

By the time he died at the age of 80 he seems to have wearied of his reputation
as the mastermind of American crime.  As the nurses struggled to resuscitate him
he thrashed away at them, crying out his last words: "Let me go!"

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Meyer Lansky, February 1958: Mafia friend, casino mastermind

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              50 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 March 15, 1999

When Elections Are Farces, It's Time for Drastic Change

BYLINE: Nicholas von Hoffman

SECTION: POLITICS[OPINIONS] National Observer

LENGTH: 1369 words

HIGHLIGHT: The modern campaign is nonhuman and, as one might anticipate, has the
added advantage of having almost no voters.


New Yorkers may take a justifiable pride in knowing that throughout American
history their state legislature is second to none in the corruption department.
(Brains is another matter.) When it comes to venality, the Empire State has no
reason to hang its head when places like Louisiana, California, Illinois and
Arkansas are mentioned. Matched dollar for dollar and ounce for ounce, our
crooks are just as good as theirs. From the days of Commodore Cornelius
Vanderbilt's bagmen on into our own, in no place is a bribe more welcome than
Albany.

Modern New Yorkers are so inured to dishonest government that the newest and
baldest act of bribery went largely uncommented on. I'm referring to Governor
Pataki's forcing the charter school bill though the Legislature by making the
members' salary raise contingent on passage of the legislation. Without going
into the merits or demerits of this version of charter schools, one can only
stand, mouth agape in admiration, at the temerity of the rogues. Talk about a
naked quid for an open, public, in-your-face quo!

Come Election Day next year, will there be retribution? Absolutely not. The
Democrats will continue their hold on the Assembly and the Republicans will do
the same in the Senate. Nothing is changing and nothing will. New York and most
other places are frozen in a pattern of safe electoral districts, safe seats,
nonsense primaries and tinkertoy elections which seem democratic but are almost
as ritualistically predetermined as the kabuki elections the Soviets used to
entertain us with.

These observations are news to nobody. We know that our politics is close to
ruin, thanks in part to the rule of money. The stink of do-re-mi is in our
nostrils and the talk of it is on our tongues, although less so as the years
pass and we accept the volume and velocity with which money moves through our
politics. The generally accepted total figure which was spent in the nationwide
elections last November is $2 billion.

The courts have made effective change impossible by ruling that money is
protected by the Bill of Rights. The court has decided that money talks and we
have to listen. Spondulix has free speech, but whether or not you and I do is a
mere debate topic. Given the composition of the Supreme Court and the position
taken by the Bush and Clinton appointees to the Court, no one not currently in
kindergarten should harbor a realistic hope that the role played by money in our
elections will be changed.

It's an odd situation. The mossbacks in the Republican Party are content to have
political power transferred from people to pelf, but so are the commie, pinko
liberals. The reductio ad absurdists, crypto-nudists and political faddists who
run the American Civil Liberties Union are just as much in favor of money power
as Mitch McConnell, the smirky G.O.P. Senator from Kentucky who has made it his
mission to ensure no useful change in the election laws can pass Congress. Not
that it would matter if such a law were enacted, because the Supreme Court would
knock it down, anyway.

They've got us coming and going, which has not stopped people from trying to
invent some means of mucking out the electoral stable. The State of Maine has
passed a law that other states are looking at which has much to commend it, if
the courts will allow it. Without going into details, the law is predicated on
the proposition that if you cannot limit campaign money, then the next best
thing is to try to equalize it, that is, use public funds to make sure that both
candidates have approximately the same amount of money to spend on their
campaigns. That means using public money, and it drives some types up a tree,
but if enough money were available to a poorer person's campaign, it might stop
jerks like Steve Forbes from swooping down out of nowhere to buy themselves
power, prominence and place.

That approach takes us part of the way. What it leaves undisturbed is the
central fault in modern American elections: Nationwide, they are conducted by a
few thousand specialists sitting in bunkers in New York and Washington
processing polls, creating mailers, radio and TV spots, buying air time and
fighting fax and cyberspace duels. We have achieved a certain kind of democratic
perfection, to wit, people-free elections that are hardly more than dueling
electronic apparatus. The modern campaign is nonhuman and, as one might
anticipate, has the added advantage of having almost no voters. The present
occupant of the White House is there thanks to a landslide majority of somewhere
around 19 percent of the eligible voters. Thousands of occupants of lesser
offices hold them thanks to the suffrage of 8 or 10 percent of the eligible
voters.

What are we going to do about that? Spend more money on political ads? If a $2
billion ad campaign can't get them to the polls, what makes us think that $3
billion can? Some people say we should make voting compulsory, but abstention is
a political act of some sort, and abolishing people's right to exercise it
endows an election with a false legitimacy. Compulsory voting can only be
defended if a "none of the above" box is added to the ballot and, even so, it
leaves a bad taste in the mouth. Regimentation cuts against the grain.

No, we need another idea, something that forces elections to be conducted as a
social activity in which people interact with people rather than machines
operating on an inert public. Perhaps this is it: Instead of declaring any
candidate who gets the most votes the winner, change the rules so that to win in
a general election, a candidate must get a majority or plurality (when there are
three or more contestants) of the eligible vote. Hence, in a two-candidate race,
no winner will be declared until at least 65 percent of the eligible voters have
cast their ballots. Under such a rule, there would be no more Clinton-type
landslides with the winner getting no more than 14, 15 or 16 percent of the
eligible vote. Under this system, a winner would have to gain the support of at
least 33 percent of the possible voters, hardly an unreasonable threshold. Until
the 65 percent line is crossed, no one would be declared elected, even if one
candidate is leading by 10 to 1.

The 65 percent would force candidates and campaigns out of the consultants'
offices and into the streets, to confront and convince would-be voters that
there is sufficient reason for them to do the dirty deed. For that to happen,
very large numbers of people would have to be recruited to work on campaigns.
Present techniques like setting up paid phone banks in low-wage sections of the
country to phone prospective voters hundreds of miles away won't get enough
people to the polls.

A second advantage to this idea is that it compels building political
organizations, even stable, grass-roots party organizations. It demands
recruiting tens of thousands of new people into real political work. Currently,
in a nation of a quarter of a billion people, there probably aren't 100,000 who
have any role in elective politics save voting. The conversion of politics from
a labor-intensive activity into a capital-intensive business has all but
destroyed American democracy's red corpuscles. Our political system is now so
anemic it is anyone's guess what might happen if it were to be seriously
stressed.

To make the 65 percent turnout rule work, some other things would have to be
changed. Election Day would have to become Election Weekend or even Election
Week. Absentee balloting, which is growing anyhow, should be made a routine
alternative to walking over to the local firehouse or public school. To reward
especially valuable campaign workers, a degree of political patronage ought to
be restored. Lastly, term limitation laws should be repealed. Elections in which
65 percent of the eligible voters really vote should be legitimate enough to
answer most of the arguments for term limits.

More about these questions at a later date. This little essay aims to present a
crude idea for reinvigorating our politics. We can't stand around forever
bemoaning apathy and cynicism. We need a few new ideas, fast, before the next
great wave catches us amidships.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Observer, L.P.


                              51 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Judy A. Spitzer, 83, Holocaust survivor and research scientist

BYLINE: BY JOHN F. MORRISON; Daily News Staff Writer morrisj@phillynews.com,
215-854-5573

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Obituaries; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 704 words


JUDY Spitzer suffered through two great upheavals in her life, one caused by
human venality and the other by nature.

As a teenager, she was caught up in the Holocaust, but managed through guts and
ingenuity to escape the Nazis, who murdered her father and other family members.

Then, 70 years later, Hurricane Katrina drove her and her husband out of New
Orleans, where they were teaching at a medical school.

Finally settling in the relative peace of the Philadelphia area, Judy could look
back on a life of accomplishment realized in the toils of catastrophes that
might have wrecked less fearless souls.

Judy Aranka Gottfried Spitzer, a medical researcher and professor, strong
advocate for women's rights, and a devoted wife, mother and grandmother, died
Sept. 26. She was 83 and lived in Penn Valley, Lower Merion Township.

In a eulogy at her funeral on Sept. 28 at the Beth Hillel/Beth El Synagogue, in
Wynnewood, her daughter, Juliet I. Spitzer, and son, Dr. Peter G. Spitzer,
almost ran out of adjectives to describe her:

"Elegant, sharp-minded, tenacious, articulate, mighty, trail-blazing,
compassionate, dignified, strong-willed, determined, valiant.

"This is how the world knew our mother," they said. "But for her family, she was
the nucleus around which we all revolved."

Judy was born in Budapest, Hungary, to Isabella and Ferenc Gottfried. When war
came, Judy was 13 and an outstanding student, as well as an accomplished
classical pianist. She spoke several languages.

The Nazis arrested her father for the high crime of being a Jew, and he was
later killed at the Mauthausen concentration camp. Her mother was also taken by
the Nazis, but managed to survive.

Judy and her 9-year-old sister, Ilona, were sent to a Jewish ghetto. But they
escaped when Judy tore off the yellow stars all Jews were required to wear, and
she and Ilona slipped away.

Eventually, the girls were reunited with their mother, and survived with false
identities provided by a Gentile who was a friend of their father.

Trying to resume a normal life after the war, Judy and Ilona went back to
school. One day in 1946, Judy's best friend, Zsuzsi, had a 16th birthday party,
and Judy played the piano.

One of the guests was a 19-year-old man who was so struck by the beauty and
skill of the piano player, that he tied her shoelaces to the piano stool so she
couldn't escape.

The brazen youth was John J. Spitzer, who became her husband years later in
Canada.

Meanwhile, Judy, Ilona and their mother moved to the United States, and Judy
enrolled at Temple University. When her future husband, working on his medical
studies, wound up at Dalhousie University Medical School, in Halifax, Nova
Scotia, she traveled there and they were married.

After brief stints in Florida and New York, the couple moved to Philadelphia,
where John took a teaching position at Hahnemann University Medical School, and
Judy became one of the first women to receive a doctorate there, in 1963.

Judy was most proud of having had the opportunity to study with the late Hans
Krebs, British physician, biochemist and Nobel laureate, when he was teaching at
Oxford University, in England.

In 1973, Judy and her husband moved to New Orleans, where both became professors
in the Department of Physiology at the Louisiana State University Medical
Center. They taught medical students, graduate students and clinical fellows.

Judy led a medical-research group that consistently received grants from the
National Institutes of Health.

Disaster struck in August 2005 when Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans.
When the floodgates broke, their home of 32 years was underwater for three
weeks, destroying all their possessions.

They left and never went back. They drove directly to Philadelphia, where they
remained.

"A day has not gone by since they relocated to Philly, wherein Mom did not
proclaim her good fortune and abundant blessings," her children said.

Judy and her husband created an endowment to help pay for students to study at
the Alexander Muss High School in Israel, and were patrons of classical music
concerts, opera, theater and the arts.

Besides her husband, son and daughter, she is survived by her sister, Ilona
Friedman, and seven grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Judy A. Spitzer, 83, Holocaust survivor and research scientist.

BYLINE: BY JOHN F. MORRISON; Daily News Staff Writer morrisj@phillynews.com,
215-854-5573

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Obituaries; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 704 words


JUDY Spitzer suffered through two great upheavals in her life, one caused by
human venality and the other by nature.

As a teenager, she was caught up in the Holocaust, but managed through guts and
ingenuity to escape the Nazis, who murdered her father and other family members.

Then, 70 years later, Hurricane Katrina drove her and her husband out of New
Orleans, where they were teaching at a medical school.

Finally settling in the relative peace of the Philadelphia area, Judy could look
back on a life of accomplishment realized in the toils of catastrophes that
might have wrecked less fearless souls.

Judy Aranka Gottfried Spitzer, a medical researcher and professor, strong
advocate for women's rights, and a devoted wife, mother and grandmother, died
Sept. 26. She was 83 and lived in Penn Valley, Lower Merion Township.

In a eulogy at her funeral on Sept. 28 at the Beth Hillel/Beth El Synagogue, in
Wynnewood, her daughter, Juliet I. Spitzer, and son, Dr. Peter G. Spitzer,
almost ran out of adjectives to describe her:

"Elegant, sharp-minded, tenacious, articulate, mighty, trail-blazing,
compassionate, dignified, strong-willed, determined, valiant.

"This is how the world knew our mother," they said. "But for her family, she was
the nucleus around which we all revolved."

Judy was born in Budapest, Hungary, to Isabella and Ferenc Gottfried. When war
came, Judy was 13 and an outstanding student, as well as an accomplished
classical pianist. She spoke several languages.

The Nazis arrested her father for the high crime of being a Jew, and he was
later killed at the Mauthausen concentration camp. Her mother was also taken by
the Nazis, but managed to survive.

Judy and her 9-year-old sister, Ilona, were sent to a Jewish ghetto. But they
escaped when Judy tore off the yellow stars all Jews were required to wear, and
she and Ilona slipped away.

Eventually, the girls were reunited with their mother, and survived with false
identities provided by a Gentile who was a friend of their father.

Trying to resume a normal life after the war, Judy and Ilona went back to
school. One day in 1946, Judy's best friend, Zsuzsi, had a 16th birthday party,
and Judy played the piano.

One of the guests was a 19-year-old man who was so struck by the beauty and
skill of the piano player, that he tied her shoelaces to the piano stool so she
couldn't escape.

The brazen youth was John J. Spitzer, who became her husband years later in
Canada.

Meanwhile, Judy, Ilona and their mother moved to the United States, and Judy
enrolled at Temple University. When her future husband, working on his medical
studies, wound up at Dalhousie University Medical School, in Halifax, Nova
Scotia, she traveled there and they were married.

After brief stints in Florida and New York, the couple moved to Philadelphia,
where John took a teaching position at Hahnemann University Medical School, and
Judy became one of the first women to receive a doctorate there, in 1963.

Judy was most proud of having had the opportunity to study with the late Hans
Krebs, British physician, biochemist and Nobel laureate, when he was teaching at
Oxford University, in England.

In 1973, Judy and her husband moved to New Orleans, where both became professors
in the Department of Physiology at the Lousiana State University Medical Center.
They taught medical students, graduate students and clinical fellows.

Judy led a medical-research group that consistently received grants from the
National Institutes of Health.

Disaster struck in August 2005 when Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans.
When the floodgates broke, their home of 32 years was underwater for three
weeks, destroying all their possessions.

They left and never went back. They drove directly to Philadelphia, where they
remained.

"A day has not gone by since they relocated to Philly, wherein Mom did not
proclaim her good fortune and abundant blessings," her children said.

Judy and her husband created an endowment to help pay for students to study at
the Alexander Muss High School in Israel, and were patrons of classical music
concerts, opera, theater and the arts.

Besides her husband, son and daughter, she is survived by her sister, Ilona
Friedman, and seven grandchildren.


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 3, 1995, Friday, City Edition

Political venality knows no boundaries

BYLINE: HOWARD TROXLER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 714 words



Things are pretty much the same all over.

In the state of Utah, for example, the Legislature is sick and tired of  getting
blasted in the press for taking free stuff from lobbyists.

You might ask: Then why not quit taking free stuff? But that would show you
have no head for politics.

Things blew up a couple of weeks ago when the Salt Lake Tribune ran a  picture
of a lawmaker standing beside a pile of freebies.

"This is absolutely disgraceful," the president of the Utah Senate  complained,
waving the newspaper. He meant it was disgraceful they printed the  picture.

The Senate was fed up. So on a voice vote that didn't require putting their
names on the record, the senators passed an amendment to require reporters in
Utah to register as lobbyists.

The Tribune noted, dryly:

"After Tuesday's debate, senators adjourned to a free lunch provided by a
Realtor's association."

Over in the state House, meanwhile, legislators decided to strike back at  the
press by surveying themselves (anonymously, of course) on the quality of  the
reporters who cover them.

One question in the survey was: "Which of all reporters reports the most
biased, yellow, sinister form of what the Legislature does?"

The legislators most liked the Deseret News, radio station KSL and KSL-TV.  By
an astounding coincidence, all three are owned by the Church of Jesus  Christ of
Latter-day Saints, to which most legislators belong.

I quote from the Tribune's account:

"KSL Radio got a 74 percent ranking for credibility, honesty and unbiased
presentation, while Deseret News garnered 43 percent in the newspaper category
and KSL TV finished with a 59 percent grade among TV stations.

"The Salt Lake Tribune finished last in legislative grades for credible,  honest
and unbiased coverage by newspapers. . .

" "Given the poll's respondents, I am comfortable with The Tribune's  standing,'

 said Editor James E. Shelledy. "But if I were KSL, I might be  contemplating a
slander suit.' "

One Tribune article that had stuck in the craw of Utah legislators: An  expose
of the top-notch health care the politicians were giving themselves for  $ 40 a
month - delaying health care reform while thousands of poor Utah  residents had
no coverage at all.

While all this was going on this spring, the Utah Legislature was debating  a
"reform" bill for lobbyists.

"You can't legislate honesty," one offended lawmaker complained.

That sounds familiar to us taxpayers here in Florida, where a sizable
percentage of our Legislature in recent years was caught committing the crime
of not reporting freebies. Our Legislature fixed the problem by changing the
law so that this isn't a crime any more.

As in Florida, the debate in Utah centered not on whether politicians could
take free stuff, but only how much free stuff they would have to disclose.

In jacking up that gift limit from $ 15 a day to $ 50, one Utah lawmaker
explained that a lousy 15 bucks barely covered a single meal "if you include
tips and tax."

Then the legislators added the words "tangible personal property" - so  the $ 50
limit wouldn't apply when lobbyists gave them free tickets to the Utah  Jazz.

I must report that the Utah Legislature adjourned this week without passing  the
measure requiring reporters to register as lobbyists. The more sober House
concluded it was petty, not to mention quite unconstitutional.

Here in Florida, our own Legislature considers similar measures from time  to
time. A perennial favorite is the bill to make reporters in the Capitol  wear
big ID tags, so people can see them coming and protect themselves, I  suppose. I
would extend the requirement to legislators so that taxpayers, too,  would have
fair warning.

I do like the idea of having the Florida Legislature rate the news media.  It
would be a great convenience, saving the press the trouble of holding all  those
contests and competitions it holds each spring. We could roll them all  into
one.

Once a year, under my proposal, instead of holding some stuffy awards  banquet,
we would take the reporter voted most unpopular by the state  Legislature down
to Clyde's, the bar just down the street from the Capitol,  and buy her or him a
congratulatory beer.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              54 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 10, 1991

Books: Small man as victim of Mob psychology

BYLINE: By J. G. BALLARD

LENGTH: 991 words


Little Man: Meyer Lansky And The Gangster Life, by Robert Lacey (Century, pounds
17.99)

AMERICANS cherish their gangsters, Rob ert Lacey remarks in this rich and
entertaining biography of Meyer Lansky, one of the most mysterious criminal
figures of the past 50 years.


At times that fascination seems to extend to the entire world of crime, itself
an inverted image of the American Dream, with its violence, energy and pursuit
of the fast buck. Only serial killers, presidential assassins and out-and-out
psychos - none of whom are interested in money - are excluded from the gallery
of glamorised rogues.

The small-town bank-robbers of the 1930s were rapidly mythologised into a band
of punk Robin Hoods, from Dillinger and Pretty Boy Floyd to Baby-Face Nelson and
Ma Barker, a proto-feminist heroine if I saw one, who died beside son Fred,
firing her Thompson in a final gun-battle with the G-men. But none of them could
match the sinister charm of the big city crime-bosses who emerged from the
Prohibition years. As the American economy boomed during second world war, the
public imagination seemed to insist that crime too be conducted on a corporate
basis, matching the giant scale of the steel, oil and automobile industries.

With the invention of the Mafia, whose existence many US law enforcement
officers deny to this day, the endemic corruptions and venalities of American
life were explained away at a stroke. Capone had died in prison of syphilis
after being convicted of tax evasion, and he was followed by a financially more
savvy group of New York criminals, above all Lucky Luciano, who broke away from
traditional Sicilian practices into more expansive and profitable underworld
activities.

Although associated with these mobsters, who were deeply involved in drugs,
extortion and labour racketeering, Meyer Lansky was a very different figure, as
Robert Lacey points out, and his elevation to the pantheon of criminal fame is
in many ways surprising. But if the American public demanded that crime be put
on a corporate basis, someone had to be found with the brains and administrative
skills to run the corporation, and Lansky seemed to play the part to perfection.

The American press called him the Chairman of the Board, and the brains behind
the Mafia. He was claimed to have a personal fortune of Dollars 300 million, to
have financed Bugsy Siegel in the creation of Las Vegas and to have teamed up
with Batista to run the great Havana casinos. 'We're bigger than US Steel' was
his most quoted remark, and he achieved the ultimate in popular fame by being
portrayed by Lee Strasberg as the Mafia chief Hyman Roth in The Godfather II.

A few years ago, as I drove along Miami Beach where Lansky had retired, past the
luxury condos with their washed gravel drives that looked as if they were
delivered fresh from the quarry each morning, past the stretch limos guarded by
large-shouldered men in black suits and shades, I imagined Lansky in a duplex
apartment under the sky, manipulating the Mafia's vast cash reserves on a
terminal linked to Wall Street as he gazed at his fleet of cocaine-running
speed-boats.

But I couldn't have been more wrong, and the luxury condos, if not the cocaine
boats, were almost certainly owned by Miami dentists and heart surgeons. As
Robert Lacey reveals, the image of Lansky created by American newspapers and
television was a complete myth, partly sustained by the failure of the US
Justice Department to convict him of any serious crime, a failure that only
reinforced the belief in Lansky's all-embracing power.

In fact, before his death he was living in a poorly furnished one-bedroom
apartment, and left so little money to his heirs that his crippled son was soon
reduced to existing on welfare. After the overthrow of Batista, and the loss of
the Riviera hotel-casino in Havana that Lansky had built, he lived for years in
a modest bungalow north of Miami, whose only expensive equipment was the
elaborate bugging device which the FBI secretly installed.

Unlike the New York crime bosses, Lansky was never involved in drugs,
prostitution or labour racketeering, despite his childhood friendship with a
real crime-tsar, Luciano. Born in eastern Poland in 1902, Lansky arrived in
America with his parents at the age of four. A clever child with a flair for
mathematics, he was small but aggressive, and as a teenager became a lookout and
strong-arm man for the Jewish and Italian gamblers on New York's lower east
side. His quick mind and organisational skills were invaluable to Luciano during
the bootlegging years, and with the repeal of Prohibition Lansky turned his
skills towards that other great American pastime, illicit gambling.

Robert Lacey makes the point convincingly that, far from being one of the
architects of modern organised crime, Lansky in the post-war years was primarily
a casino operator, inside and outside the law. He helped to devise the concept
of the big Las Vegas resort hotel, which offered glitz along with first-class
service and is now the dominant style of the international hotel. The illegal
skimming of the take which he organised for the gangster owners of the Vegas
hotels is the main charge against him, but like many a corrupt book-keeper he
led a frugal private life, subscribing to the Book of the Month Club and
worrying about his unhappy children, who were clearly unable to cope with the
manufactured image that the US media had foisted upon their father.

By the time he died at the age of 80 he seems to have wearied of his reputation
as the mastermind of American crime. As the nurses struggled to resuscitate him
he thrashed away at them, crying out his last words: 'Let me go!' The Las Vegas
hotels he helped to run have long since been sold to legitimate international
corporations, and one wonders where the American imagination will turn to next
in its search for a criminal super-hero.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              55 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      December 31, 2000 Sunday 2D EDITION

Tracking trends

BYLINE: By John Grassby,

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. K-06

LENGTH: 562 words


A paradox of the human condition is that our experience and  knowledge are based
entirely on the past, yet our visions and  decisions deal entirely with the
future.

Nonetheless, the study of powerful trends is helpful in  suggesting likely
future scenarios. We ignore these at our peril.  History is replete with
warnings of readily foreseeable disasters  ignored.

Trends in the gathering storm category that I think will be  important in the
year ahead include:

The mind-numbing venality of this country's leadership -  public and private
sector alike. We've only begun to witness the  breadth and depth of the public's
cynicism about politicians,  corporate executives, lawyers, judges, doctors,
educators,  entertainers (athletes included) and other public figures.
'Big-business integrity is an oxymoron' is a sentiment I hear  expressed ever
more frequently.

Slowing of the long-running U.S. economic boom. Cyclical  economic ups and downs
are as predictable as sunrise and sunset.  Moreover, there are too many
overvalued companies (albeit not as  many as a year ago), too much overvalued
real estate, too much  corporate and personal debt, too many hot spots around
the globe  capable of exploding, all with potentially huge adverse worldwide
economic impacts.

One out of 140 Americans are in prison. These numbers now  exceed that of any
other country in the world. The supposed land  of the free has become the
ultimate police state. And half this  prison population is comprised of
non-violent, victimless drug  offenders, a consequence of the ever-more futile
and destructive  drug war. Believing themselves profoundly wronged by a
profoundly  hypocritical society, this large and rapidly growing group is a
ticking societal time bomb.

Systematic trashing of civil rights and escalating use of  terror tactics by
police. Police of every ilk, from New York to  Los Angeles and all points in
between, are engaged in law  enforcement practices that make a mockery of the
Constitution.

Conversely, a positive trend so powerful it could  ultimately overcome all
problems is the rebirth of the American  spirit. The more such challenges become
evident, the more obvious  it becomes how much we've been coasting, living off
the past,  mortgaging the future.

Thomas Jefferson warned us that the price of liberty was  eternal vigilance.
It's high time for us as a united people to  dedicate our lives, our fortunes
and our sacred honor to  reasserting the magnificent ideals of our magnificent
country.

In my law practice, among friends, in news items buried in the  back pages, I
see scattered but encouraging signs this is  happening. One example is a client
who, based on a particularly  harrowing recent experience in Mexico, now views
his life, and his  country, in a new and vastly more positive light - and is
acting  on these realizations. Another is a report that almost 90 percent  of
Americans claim a spiritual (if not necessarily religious)  dimension is
important in their lives - up from slightly over half  15 years ago, with sales
of books on the subject many times what  they were just a few years ago.

John Grassby (jgrassby@cmn.net) practices law, is finishing a  novel and
pontificates about the world from Steamboat Springs.

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 25, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

QUOTATION OF THE DAY

SECTION: Section A; Page 2; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 50 words


"People all over fall over each other being good to others. That is in such
stark contrast to the venality of retribution, revenge, accusation,
defensiveness we see in our leaders."

THE REV. BARBARA CRAFTON, rector of St. Clement's Episcopal Church in Manhattan,
on the Christmas season.  A27

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              57 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           October 25, 2008 Saturday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Fiction Books

BYLINE: Alexander McRobbie, Barbara Baker, Alison Walsh, Sue Bond, Mark
Oberhardt

SECTION: ETC; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1401  words


The Turnaround

George Pelecanos

Orion, $32.99

GREEK-American George Pelecanos's early books featured Nick Stefanos, a private
eye operating in the USA's capital, Washington, DC. He has written 15 crime
novels but, I regret to admit, I was unfamiliar with his work until reading The
Turnaround.

Apart from the quality of the writing, his chosen locale -- in and around
Washington -- makes his novels stand out from the products of most other crime
authors.

People who enjoy American crime fiction will be familiar with stories set in
backgrounds like New York City and Chicago. The doyen of 20th-century
private-eye novelists was Raymond Chandler whose stories were set in and around
Los Angeles.

Chandler brought the sleazier parts of LA to (often rancid) life. Pelecanos does
the same with Washington. The difference is that Chandler's readers were already
familiar with southern Californian venality through movies, whereas few
non-Americans would know the nation's capital has an underbelly far removed from
its iconic tourist attractions.

The capital has a huge black population and back in the 1970s it seethed with
civil unrest and rioting. This is when The Turnaround begins and the scene is
set for a gripping tale of revenge and redemption.

The author pulls no punches in his depiction of life in the capital's run-down,
all-black areas when drive-by white hoons taunted black people with the N-word.

Pelecanos's characters are much more finely drawn than is the case with many
crime novels. The dialogue appears to be authentic, at times chillingly so.

I won't spoil the story by giving any plot details. But I will say the author's
writing is so good it can be enjoyed even if one already knows how it is going
to turn out.

Alexander McRobbie

All Our Worldly Goods

Irene Nemirovsky

Chatto and Windus, $32.95

A NEMIROVSKY novel begs the questions: is it as good as Suite Franaise, and
would it be republished after six decades if its creator had not died
barbarously in Auschwitz in 1942? In the case of All Our Worldly Goods, the
answers are ``no'' and ``probably not''.

That said, this novel has its attractions. Set between 1911 and 1940 (it hurdles
some years like an Olympian), it narrates the fortunes of the Hardelot family of
northern provincial France, where class divisions and family feuds simmer under
polite social conventions.

The Depression and the political upheavals of '30s France, essential to the
story, are but lightly touched upon. Nemirovsky focuses on the French psyche and
spirit and the prevailing moods of a third of a century. As in Suite Franaise,
she contrasts the fecundity and calm beauty of Nature with tumultuous Death
hovering over it. She recreates the annihilation of towns in two world wars and
the southward exodus of refugees as the German army advanced in 1940. She was
there -- this is a valuable social document.

Perhaps because of its brevity, it reads like a less mature work -- coincidences
are stretched, and characters are underdeveloped: among them, Julien Hardelot,
the avaricious factory owner (another Scrooge); his grandson Pierre, whose
undying love for sweet Agnes is high romance; their son Guy, who would die for
love; and Simone, the rejected woman in black who dominates their lives like a
Valkyrie.

The plot has its surprises, often underplayed as if emphasising the
insignificance of individuals in the ravishing stride of events.

All Our Worldly Goods is short, informative, poignant.

Barbara Baker

Goldengrove

Francine Prose

HarperCollins, $27.99

TO THE uninitiated, a novel written by someone with the surname of Prose could
suggest some kind of satire.

But it's evident after reading even the first sentence of the book that Prose is
a serious writer, and indeed has 14 other novels and a considerable array of
non-fiction under her belt.

Goldengrove maps a family's implosion after the death of luminous high school
senior Margaret.

She and her sister Nico lived on Mirror Lake in New England, the daughters of a
handsome father who is writing a novel about the end of the world and runs a
bookshop and a mother who teaches music.

Nico is 13 and Margaret is four years older, confident, beautiful and about to
finish high school and pursue her dream of becoming a jazz singer.

When unexpected tragedy bludgeons into their lives Nico and her parents are
suddenly flailing beneath the heavy wash of grief.

Nico finds the only person who understands is Margaret's boyfriend Aaron -- the
classmate her father dismissed has having ``a screw loose'' after he met him.

They secretly meet, each one finding solace in the other, until the situation
slowly begins to slide out of control as his feelings for Nico take on a sinster
and unnerving tone.

Nico's parents are too lost in their own grief to notice.

Prose deftly avoids allowing the necessarily fraught plot to become overwrought
or depressing.

Nico's character is clearly defined and infused with just the right note of
gentle humour and precise observation, making this coming-of-age novel a
surprisingly satisfying read.

Alison Walsh

The Angel Maker

Stefan Brijs

Weidenfeld & Nicolson, $32.99

THIS is a disturbing, sometimes shocking, novel involving Dr Victor Hoppe, a man
with (unrecognised) Asperger's syndrome who seeks to create new life by
experimental methods. The story, set over several decades from his birth in 1945
up to 1990, is centred in Wolfheim, a small Belgian village where Hoppe was
born.

The Angel Maker is Stefan Brijs's third novel and is translated from the Dutch.
It is complex, with vivid characterisation. The village seems like a place from
another time, so steeped in superstition are its inhabitants. Catholicism is
savagely depicted, with priests and nuns largely shown as ignorant, cruel and
conniving.

Victor Hoppe was born with a cleft palate and rejected by his mother, who
believed him possessed by the devil, even though her husband had the same
affliction. His first few years were spent in a convent, treated cruelly as a
hopeless idiot. His doctor father eventually rejects him also, but Victor
reveals himself to be a brilliant, if narrow, student, and becomes a doctor too,
determined to do good.

Brijs has structured his gruesome story in three parts: the first is Hoppe's
return to Wolfheim with triplet boys, all with cleft lips, and setting up his
practice; the second weaves his terrible childhood experiences with the
narrative of his medical experiments and clashes with the medical community; and
the third returns to the village, his final work, and its consequences.

Some characters I felt were underdeveloped, or caricatured, and sometimes I
feared there was so much happening it was a story drowning in plot detail. But
despite these reservations, it remains a gripping, troubling novel, intelligent
and vicious and moving all at once.

Sue Bond

Guilty Secrets

Cynthia Lindenmayer

Central Queensland University Publishing, $17.50

BRISBANE author Cynthia Lindenmayer has taken a brave step towards the dark side
with her second novel.

Lindenmayer won acclaim for her first two books: the memoir Reflections of a
Country Girl and the fictional romance Myra's Escape from the Shadows.

Guilty Secrets is a move into the thriller genre, which is one of the most
challenging for a writer.

Lindenmayer has taken a basic storyline -- it has been around since the days of
James Hadley Chase and James M. Cain -- and added a twist.

Thousands of stories have been written about the seemingly average person flung
into extraordinary situations when a past indiscretion comes home to roost.

Lindenmayer has built the novel around Kate Bramwell, who is happily married to
her childhood sweetheart and adores their three children.

But Kate has a guilty secret: shortly before her marriage, she had a passionate
fling with the handsome Jason Bennett.

Kate's husband, Glen, arrives home with the news he is about to make them rich.
He is set to sign a deal with a property developer. His name: Jason Bennett.

It is soon apparent Bennett also has his share of guilty secrets.

It is fair to say novels such as Guilty Secrets live or die with their ability
to entice sympathy with the central character. I found it an entertaining read,
but couldn't relate to Kate's plight.

However, I gave the novel to a female friend who read it in one sitting then
passed it on to several other women who also read it avidly.

So perhaps Guilty Secrets is a story for thinking women, not broken-down old
hacks.

Mark Oberhardt

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 25, 1999, Monday

High on a hill, lofty ideals are exposed as low farce

BYLINE: John Davidson in Lausanne

SECTION: NEWS; Page 3

LENGTH: 621 words


THE OLYMPIC Museum in Lausanne was the perfect stage for Juan Antonio Samaranch,
chairman of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), to make his
ground-breaking announcement last night.

In a stunning hilltop setting overlooking Lake Geneva, the dazzling white
building is Mr Samaranch's greatest physical legacy to the movement he has
headed for almost 20 years, and the realisation of a personal dream.  When it
was opened in 1994, the man who likes to be known as "His Excellency" was at the
height of his power.

Outside, the Flame burns brightly. But inside is one visual clue to the scandal
sweeping through the Olympic movement. In a cabinet is a jewelled sabregiven to
Mr Samaranch by the President of Kazakhstan.  Next to it is a sculpture of two
embracing athletes entitled "Fair Play". It is the collision between the reality
of gifts and notions of fair play which has brought theorganisation to its moral
knees.

Findings by the Special Investigative Committee, set up to investigate the
awarding of the 2002 Winter Games to Salt Lake City, have revealed levels of
venality among IOC members which have shocked believers in the Olympic ideals.

As the debate continues over how far corruption has spread, one fact is clear.
It is Mr Samaranch who brought all this about. When he took over in 1980 the
Games were in trouble. That year's event in Moscow had been boycotted by the
United States, while in 1976 the Montreal Games had lost millions. Only two
cities competed to stage the next one in 1984.

At an IOC meeting in Germany in 1981 Mr Samaranch teamed up with Horst Dassler,
heir to the Adidas empire, to create a global marketing strategy.  The five
interlocking rings were not just to be seen as an aspiration towards world peace
and understanding through sport, they were to be a brand.

The strategy at first seemed to be a resounding success. The 1984 Los Angeles
Games were spectacular, with makers of everything from photographic film to
fizzy drinks being charged millions for carrying the logo. The event made a
profit for backers of $ 220m (pounds 133m).

In 1985, six bidders wanted the 1992 games. Barcelona, Mr Samaranch's home town,
won.

But from then, cities started to put serious efforts into swinging the votes of
IOC members. As well as lavish hospitality, the gifts began to flow. In 1986,
the situation was such that a limit was imposed of $ 150 for gifts per member in
the later stages of the bidding, $ 50 in earlier stages. The limits include
gifts to all relatives, and a ban on entering into any "agreements, transactions
or any other contracts".

These are the rules that Salt Lake City stands accused of violating.  But it had
been trying to get the Games since 1984. The final straw must have come in 1991,
when it was trying yet again, only to be beaten by Nagano for the right to stage
last year's Winter Olympics.

Nagano had no existing facilities and indifferent snow, but it did have Yoshiaki
Tsutsumi, one of the world's richest men. And he brought together 19 Japanese
companies to contribute $ 20m to the building of the Olympic Museum.

To all accusations of him being personally swayed in IOC decisions by gifts, Mr
Samaranch replies that he does not have a vote himself. But he does have a huge
say on who becomes an IOC member. When finally cornered earlier this month over
having received an engraved pistol and rifle from Salt Lake City, valued at
about $ 2,000, his response was that all his gifts were accepted on behalf of
the Olympic movement and would eventually be displayed in the museum.

One wonders whether there would be enough room in hismuseum to accommodate all
the largesse extended to him.


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              59 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 17, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

Don't Call It Community Service

William Byron, Thomas Ehrlich

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A17

LENGTH: 693 words


Unintentionally, judges across this land have been giving community service a
bad name. In exchange for venality and violations of both law and public trust,
white-collar criminals are often sentenced to punitive doses of "community
service" in lieu of spending time in jail. This sentencing category needs a
change of name. We suggest that it be called "compensatory service," a term that
speaks directly to the offender's obligation to rearrange the "weights" ("pensa"
in the Latin) on the scales of justice.

The counterweight of "compensatory" service would balance the scales of justice
once again, making things right between the lawbreaker and the society the
broken law was there to protect.

"Community" service, on the other hand, is every citizen's duty. It is the
external evidence of an inner ethic of civic responsibility. Community service
is an obligation to be met, not a punishment to be avoided.

The courts apparently misappropriated the community-service label in 1966, when
Alameda County municipal court judges began imposing service sentences on
violators of traffic laws. Since then, courts around the country, both federal
and state, enlarged the application of the so-called "community service" penalty
to a wide range of criminal convictions that include assault, petty theft,
burglary, drug offenses, fraud, drunk driving and many white-collar crimes.

Some recent and notable applications of this sentencing category: Pete Rose got
a thousand hours of community service as a gym instructor in five schools and a
boys and girls club as part of his sentence for federal tax evasion. Michael
Milken will perform three years of community service for securities fraud, Leona
Helmsley 750 hours for tax fraud and Robert Tappan Morris, the computer hacker,
400 hours for introducing a virus into a nationwide computer network.

The Congress of the United States, announcing its intent to "enhance" community
service and "renew the ethic of civil responsibility in the United States,"
passed Public Law 101-610 -- The National and Community Service Act of 1990. One
year ago the 21-member board of directors was sworn in and the Commission on
National and Community Service set out to provide grant support to stimulate
grass-roots action in the voluntary-service sector of America. CNCS grants
(totaling $ 73 million in the fiscal year just ended) went to states, Indian
tribes, schools, colleges, urban neighborhoods and rural communities across the
country. "Serve America" is the recently adopted CNCS slogan.

Like music, service can function as a language of understanding and
community-building between and among separated citizens. Persons from opposite
ends of the social spectrum can learn to speak to one another through the common
language of voluntary service.

Those summoned to stand before the bar of justice to answer for their crimes are
called to make restitution, to repay society for damages done. When compelled by
the courts to work in the community, they are quite literally rendering
"compensatory" service. It should be labeled accordingly. To call it "community"
service is to perpetuate long-standing vocabulary confusion in the criminal
justice system.

Unfortunately, a federal sentencing statute and many state sentencing statutes
have incorporated the phrase "community service." Legislative action will
therefore be required to change that language. Until that happens, it will be
helpful if the Judicial Conference of the United States, the administrative arm
of the federal courts, in tandem with the organizations that represent state
courts, undertake the task of advising their constituents of the
inappropriateness of the phrase.

As long as the misapplied label has a place in the sentencing semantics of our
courts, society risks alienating, or at least losing the attention of, countless
law-abiding citizens who have yet to answer the call to genuine community
service.

William Byron is past president of the Catholic University of America; Thomas
Ehrlich is president of Indiana University. Both serve on the Board of Directors
of the Commission on National and Community Service.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              60 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           December 26, 1972, Tuesday

SECTION: Page 32, Column 2

LENGTH: 35 words

Ed maintains recent theft of large quantities of heroin and cocaine from NYC
Police Dept 'bespeaks an incredible mixture of venality and inefficiency,' which
makes imperative 'the ruthless cleansing of the dept'

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              61 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                November 9, 1993

MAD, BAD AND DANGEROUS

BYLINE: NICHOLAS LEZARD

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 747 words


Selected Letters of Philip Larkin, edited by Anthony Thwaite

(Faber & Faber, pounds 12.99)

THIS isn't quite the same as looking at, say, Eliot's or Byron's letters: the
poetic achievement is only fitfully apparent in the dashed-off prose. But then
Larkin wasn't, you learn, interested in playing the poet: these letters are
off-duty, full of unguarded bile and indiscretions. We all now know about the
porn, the casual racism and the anti-socialism, but we should be grown up enough
to cope with these things, however distressing it is that people capable of
writing memorable lines should dare to have illiberal opinions.

Yes, by Thomas Bernhard (University of Chicago Press, pounds 7.77)

THOMAS BERNHARD, who died in 1989, was for some time Austria's greatest writer,
even if the Austrians thought he was a dangerous unpatriotic maniac (Kurt
Waldheim more or less said so). This is one of the most extraordinary novels of
the last 25 years, stylistically and morally audacious, a 135-page paragraph
telling the story of a solitary man trying to find a reason, or indeed a means,
not to go mad or kill himself. A tiring book, Beckettian in its intensity and
bleak comedy, but brilliant, too.

The Fall of Yugoslavia, by Misha Glenny (Penguin, pounds 6.99)

REVISED and expanded, so it can take in the latest heartbreaking atrocities. An
essential guide for anyone who wants to understand the conflicts; although we
mustn't forget the greed, venality and murderousness of local politicians and
military personnel, it seems that a large part of the blame can be placed on
certain Western leaders who did not bother to think about the consequences of
their single-minded desire to "win" a "war" against communism.

Wisdom and Strength, by Peter Watson (Vintage, pounds 8.99)

THE TITLE of the allegorical painting by Veronese, this book traces the history
of its journey from 16th century Venice, to Prague, Stockholm and England,
before ending up in the Frick collection in New York. Not quite as gripping as
Watson's The Caravaggio Conspiracy, but still a fascinating mixture of social,
political and artistic history, and the flexible moralities of the art world.

All the Pretty Horses, by Cormac McCarthy (Picador, pounds 5.99)

VOLUME One of the Border Trilogy, the story of John Grady and Rawlins and Jimmy
Blevins, the sharp-shootin' kid, moving down to Mexico to start a new life.
Cowboy stuff for grown-ups: everyone eats huevos rancheros and picks their teeth
and puts their boots on the table and says "of" instead of "have" (eg "you
should of got them bullet holes seen to", etc.).  Everyone thinks McCarthy is
great. Even Saul "the kid" Bellow. Me, I'm saying nuthin'. That McCarthy looks
like one mean hombre on the jacket photo.

The Oxford Book of Villains,

edited by John Mortimer

(Oxford University Press, pounds 6.99)

ONE of those somewhat loosely-briefed anthologies that allows Mortimer to
include just about anything he wants, as long as someone has been bad to someone
else in the relevant extract. This is as well done as it could have been,
although with the interesting revelations that Penelope Mortimer discloses in
her recent autobiography, it is a pity that her ex-hubby John couldn't have
found the space to put himself in one of the sections; perhaps the one entitled
"seducers and cads".

The Rituals of Dinner, by Margaret Visser (Penguin, pounds 9.99)

EXAMPLE: do not dither when eating with chopsticks in Japan: you will be
committing the sin of hashi-namari. The apocryphal Biblical book,
Ecclesiasticus, recommends throwing up between courses. If you rattle your
chopsticks against the bowl in China, you and your descendants will be poor
forever. The Yao of Northern Thailand do not accept a dinner invitation until it
has been made three times. Erasmus warns against shifting in your seat at
dinner, because it looks like you're trying to fart. This is that kind of book.
Terrific.

The Schubert Song Companion, by John Reed (Faber & Faber, pounds 22.50)

ABOUT the price of a short holiday in the Caribbean, but if you recognise, as
Reed does, that Schubert's songs are as important in their medium as
Shakespeare's plays are in theirs, then this is an "indispensable" (B Levin)
investment: there are 631 Lieder, and here we get the first line of music, a
translation and a mini-history of each (a pity we don't get the German as well,
but that might have been asking too much).


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              62 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            January 7, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sunday 8 January

SECTION: WEEKEND;NEWS; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 187 words


Movie of The day A MOST VIOLENT YEAR BBC2, 10.30pm HHHHH Oscar Isaac stars as an
oil magnate who struggles to keep his head above the rising tide of venality.

Today's Live SPORT eIr SPORT 11.25 Football Serie A: Udinese v Inter Milan 15.50
Football FA Cup: Tottenham Hotspur v Aston Villa 19.40 Football Serie A:
Juventus v Bologna eIr SPORT 2 14.30 Football FA Cup: Chelsea v Peterborough
18.00 Ice Hockey NHL: Pittsburgh Penguins v Tampa Bay Lightning 22.00 Ice Hockey
NHL: Carolina Hurricanes v Boston Bruins Sky SPORTS 17.30 American Football NFL
21.30 American Football NFL Sky SPORTS 2 15.00 Football La Liga: Real Betis v
Leganes 17.15 Football La Liga: Las Palmas v Sporting Gijon 19.30 Football La
Liga: Villarreal v Barcelona Sky SPORTS 3 10.55 Football La Liga: Athletic
Bilbao v Alaves Sky SPORTS 4 23.00 Golf PGA Tour Golf Sky SPORTS 5 IRELAND 19.55
Rugby Union Top 14: Clermont v Toulon CHANNEL 4 12.30 Darts BDO World Darts
Championships WaTch back The Tommy TIERNAN Show RTE Player Host Tommy Tiernan
talks off the cuff when he's joined by a series of unannounced guests in this
chat show with a difference.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2017 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 05, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

Against a Flood of Memory

Marc Leepson

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X11

LENGTH: 718 words


ZERO TOLERANCE

By Thomas Richards

Farrar Straus Giroux. 245 pp. $ 23

ZERO TOLERANCE is nothing if not ambitious. In his first novel, Thomas Richards
presents a world that only on its surface resembles life as it's lived on this
planet. Richards's universe is a sinister cauldron of venality and
international, intergenerational conspiracy. The novel's wild plot is filled to
overflowing with over-the-top characters who inhabit darkly portentous parts of
the globe. There are Big Secrets to be uncovered, dark journeys to go on,
mystical potions to be consumed, and great peril lurking everywhere the plot
turns.

And this strange plot constantly turns, both in time and in place. Richards, who
once taught literature at Harvard, weaves his story through the Monogahela
Valley of western Pennsylvania in the 1950s, the Mekong Delta during the late
stages of the American war in Vietnam in the early 1970s, the 1954 Battle of
Dienbienphu in northern Vietnam during the French war, the arid high flatlands
of north-central California and a soulless section of contemporary Los Angeles.
Midway through the tale Richards sends a character on an extended hallucinogenic
trip back in time to the Massachusetts Bay Colony.

In a murky, metaphor-heavy style that owes a great deal to both Joseph Conrad
and Carlos Casteneda, Richards spins out his mystical tale through the voice of
a dazed and confused narrator named Gailly. A native of western Pennsylvania,
Gailly spends the entire book trying to make sense of a series of seemingly
unconnected events. These include his father's wasted, bitter life, his mother's
never-ending sorrow and his brother's Vietnam-War-induced mental instability.

Gailly also must confront a fantastical collection of his brother's former
Vietnam war colleagues. And what a group of "Twin Peaks"-like oddballs this
bunch is. Petard Davidson is an American Indian engineer/shaman who possesses
powers far beyond those of most mortals. He's a guy whose "eyes suck the life
out of you and spit it back in your eyes through the spittoon gap between his
yellow teeth."

Those words come from the mouth of Davidson's boss, Navier-Stokes, an evil,
powerful Englishman in charge of projects for a shady U.S. government agency.
Navier-Stokes is a paragon of virtue, though, compared to Defosse, a dissipated,
drug-addicted French engineer who probably killed a Vietnamese child as part of
a human sacrifice ceremony he performed at Dienbienphu. Jenna, Defosse's former
lover, is an internationally famous female photographer who goes native in
Vietnam after her camera starts behaving very strangely.

Then there is Robert Travers, the mad scientist from hell (actually Harvard),
who is haunted by an evil scheme he drew up in the early '70s to end the war in
Vietnam. Travers's mouth is "grossly big," his cheeks "pink with acne scales,"
his glasses "thick as prisms." He wears "baggy khaki pants hiked up high" and
"black flip-flops with white tube sox." Travers talks "loud, too loud, the
inflection always a bit off, a bit behind, his words never quite catching up to
his thoughts."

The central themes of this extremely serious novel involve dams, the civil
engineers who design them, and what happens to the land and water once dams
change the course of nature. "Remember," Gailly's sad but insightful father
tells him as a child, "everything is a return to the river." Someday "the river
will give you something, I don't know what, but maybe for you it'll be a voice
or a journey or a song, but remember whatever you get, you've got to give it
back."

GAILLY undertakes a psyche-scarring journey in which he tries to unravel a
series of large-scale, spooky, dam-related secrets. Richards tells that story
with very little dialogue and with a large amount of long, looping,
grammar-bending sentences. The style sets the noir tone of the book. It also
makes for less than smooth storytelling and less than rapid reading.

On the other hand, Richards stoutheartedly addresses monumental, life-and-death
issues that should be at the core of a literary novel. He also creates fully
realized characters and uses his central metaphor creatively and cleverly.

Marc Leepson is book editor of the VVA Veteran, the newspaper published by
Vietnam Veterans of America.

LOAD-DATE: January 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              64 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 16, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

Prosecutors Seek Wider Powers;
Attorneys Ask Added Powers

BYLINE: By Michael Weisskopf, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; Maryland Notebook; Md. 1

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS


Everytime a prominent Maryland politician runs into legal trouble, the news
seems to come out of the U.S. attorney's office in Baltimore.  Federal
prosecution of political corruption cases has become as traditional in Maryland
as crabcakes.

Some mighty big political scalps hang on the belts of federal prosecutors, names
like Spiro T. Agnew, Marvin Mandel, Dale Anderson, Joseph W. Alton Jr., A Gordon
Boone, Jesse Beggett, Thomas F. Johnson, Irvin Kovens, W. Dale Hess and Harry W.
Rodgers III.

The good name of Maryland politicians is not the only casualty of the federal
court juggernaut.  With every successful prosecution by the U.S. attorney, the
state's local prosecutors have come under criticism for not cleaning up their
own houses.

This year, as in the past, Maryland's General Assembly is considering major
reforms of the state's anti-corruption laws.  The proposals are designed to
close loopholes and augment powers of local state's attorneys to prosecute acts
of public venality.

Without changes in present statutes, local prosecutors say, they cannot be
blamed for failing to prosecute public officials.  The criminal laws in Maryland
- unlike more generous federal statutes - discourage investigations of political
corruption, they say.

"We want to do our job and ferret out corruption in Maryland, but we don't have
the tools," Baltimore County State's Attorney Sandra A. O'Connor told a Senate
committee.  "I ask you for the ability to do the job I want to do."

The proposals under consideration by the legislature are designed to correct
three glaring deficiencies of Maryland's anti-corruption laws centering on
statutes of limitation, immunity for witnesses and applicability.

Perhaps the biggest hurdle for state's attorneys is a one-year statute of
limitation for prosecu tion of conflicts of interest, violations of election
laws and misfeasance, malfeasance and nonfeasance in office.

Most prosecutors say a solid political corruption case requires at least three
years to thoroughly analyze a suspect's financial background, interrogate and
line up witnesses, collect corroborating evidence and convince a grand jury to
indict.

A bill under consideration by this session of the legislature would extend the
statute of limitations from one year to three years for political corruption
cases.  The prosecution would have to begin within three years after a crime is
committed.

The second major stumbling block for state prosecutors is the limit place on
immunity for witnesses.  Under present statutes, state's attorneys in Maryland
can only compel witnesses to testify with a grant of immunity in bribery cases.

Without broader powers to grand immunity, local prosecutors say, they cannot
assure vital testimony to seal political corruption cases.  Federal prosecutors
liberally use the tool as part of the theory that "small fish help catch big
fish.

A bill now being drafted for this session would allow state's attorneys to
compel testimony under a grant of immunity for all types of political
corruption.  Before imposing immunity, prosecutors would have to obtain approval
from a court.

The third weakness in Maryland statutes come in the form of a restrictive clause
in state bribery laws making it illegal for a public official to accept fees
"for the purpose of influencing him in the performance of his official duties."

That qualifying phrase rules out state prosecutions of officials who take money
for services unrelated to their "official duties," such as former Del. George J.
Santoni, who was convicted on federal charges of extorting money from
businessmen in exchange for demolition contracts awarded by Baltimore city.

A designed to remedy that flaw would extend the law to crimes committed outside
the realm of one's "official duties." The bill would make it illegal for a
public official to take money "under color or pretense of office."

The sheath of "prosecutor's bills" now before the legislature gives lawmakers a
chance to strengthen the hand of local state's attorneys and a new statewide
prosecutor who has the power to investigate political corruption anywhere in
Maryland.

The office of state prosecutor was set up by a constitutional amendment last
year amid charges that local state's attorneys were dragging their feet on
prosecutions of local officials who often belong to the same political
organizations as the law enforcers.

Among the strongest advocates of the recommended reforms is State Prosecutor
Gerald D. Glass, who finds himself in an ambitious new role with the same
shackles as local state's attorneys.

"We have to develop tools to allow the state to resurrect its dignity," Glass
told a Senate committee.  "If Maryland is to assume its proper role in its own
Maryland is to assume its proper role in its own house cleaning, it has to have
the proper implements."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              65 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              May 17, 2010 Monday
                                National Edition

Money, greed, power

BYLINE: Allen Abel, National Post

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 2213  words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG, Pa.


In this four-part series, Allen Abel plumbs the depths of political venality in
America, from sea to slimy sea. Today, Part 2, with the politicians at the
courthouse in Pennsylvania.

---

On a high marble wall in Courtroom Number One at the Dauphin County Courthouse
in the capital of the Keystone State, these words are inscribed for all to see
and shudder:

NO MAN CAN BE DEPRIVED / OF HIS LIFE LIBERTY OR PROPERTY / UNLESS BY THE
JUDGMENT OF HIS PEERS / OR BY THE LAW OF THE LAND

Beneath the inscription, we find a jury of five women and seven men, casually
dressed in sport shirts, being verbally machine-gunned by a state prosecutor
with a helmet of white hair and a Derek Sanderson moustache.

"This is historic!" the man is saying. "This is something so huge and so
massive! If there is one theme that has emerged, it is arrogance. The mentality
of Lords. The mentality of the ruling class. It's about 'I am mighty.' It's
about 'I am The Man.' "

It's been about six numbing weeks since this trial began. Through all that time,
the jury has been required to sit through the presentation of more than 17,000
pages of evidence and the testimony of dozens of witnesses for both sides.

In the dock -- along with three of his erstwhile aides -- is a sharp-dressed man
named Mike Veon, former Democratic Party whip of the Pennsylvania General
Assembly. Mr. Veon is charged with 59 separate offences, many of them related to
the use of his legislative staff to raise funds and campaign for his own
reelection, rather than to tend to the public's business.

It could be any courthouse, anywhere in America, with an elected official in the
dock and ordinary citizens -- the supposed "peers" of the powerful -- called to
pass judgment. Across the United States, trials like this begin and end every
working day. Each year, more than 1,000 men and women are charged with a similar
betrayal of the public trust. Cheating the taxpayer and getting sent to jail is
business as usual in the legislatures and city halls of Corruption Nation.

Today, it's Mike Veon's turn. There are allegations that Mr. Veon--one of the
most powerful men in this important state -- paid more than a million dollars in
bonuses to his campaign staff out of the public treasury, and that he even had a
couple of flunkeys fly his motorcycle out to a biker rally in South Dakota and
billed their trip to the taxpayers.

"It's illegal, it's against the law, it's a crime," says the prosecutor, a
Senior Deputy Attorney General named Patrick Blessington. "Who does Mike Veon
think he is?"

The accused sits impassively, enrobed in lawyers, and never takes the stand in
his own defence.

"Don't let anybody spit in your face and tell you it's rain," Mr. Blessington
pleads, summing up at long last.

"Every once in a while, you get to tell the Lords on the hill, 'Enough is
enough.' That's what I ask you folks: What are you going to do about it? Pick up
that shiny rock. Only you can do it!"

---

While the jury begins its consideration of the evidence against Mike Veon, I
repair to a diner called the American Dream to harken to the vox of the populi.

My server is a woman named Teri Coughenour, which is pronounced "coke an hour,"
the mother of four grown sons. Teri's mom owned this diner, one of those
old-fashioned steel beaneries with stools and booths out front and a quotation
from I Corinthians in the men's room.

"Mike Veon: guilty or innocent?" I ask, cutting right to the chase.

"I hope he gets off because he's attractive and he ain't done nothing any of the
others haven't done," Ms. Coughenour replies.

"If he were ugly, would you want him to go to jail?" I wonder.

"These shakers and movers, whatever they want accomplished gets accomplished. I
believe that they're all corrupt."

Ms. Coke-an-hour, who studied criminal justice in college, is far from alone in
this opinion; a March survey by Franklin and Marshall University found 67%of
Pennsylvania voters agreeing that "The only difference between Mike Veon and
most state legislators is that Veon got caught."

"Money, greed and power: it's never enough," says my waitress, a lifelong
Democrat. "When they get in office, the thirst is unquenchable. I don't think
they can even tell you why. I don't have any faith in our political system. I'm
at the point where I'm ready to stop voting. They don't do anything they say
they're gonna do. It's all about me, I, self."

"He's guilty -- expel him," a man at the counter counters. This is Trevor
Zahniser, a Penn State graduate who describes himself as "an unemployed parks
and recreation planner."

"When I look at him, I see arrogance and greed," Mr. Zahniser says. "He's been
so long entrenched, probably like forever."

Actually, Mike Veon served in the House of Assembly for only 21 years; it just
felt like forever.

"What's the answer?" I ask the duo at the diner. "Scrap democracy and hire a
king?"

"I don't think it's unrecoverable," Trevor Zahinser replies. "But it's work that
no one currently in office wants to take on. Why would they want to reform a
system that's been so good to them?"

---

The office of the Pennsylvania Attorney General is an equal-opportunity accuser.
After Mike Veon and the Democrats get their day in court, a rabble of
Republicans will go on trial. Frank Fina will prosecute them.

Mr. Fina is described in the Philadelphia Daily News as "a tall, thin,
monotoneprosecutor, painstakingly pushing through mazes of records, vouchers and
salaries suggesting payola for political work." He is the Chief of the Public
Corruption Section of the office of the Pennsylvania Attorney General. He's also
the Chief of the Tax Fraud Section, the Child Predator Section, and the Criminal
Investigation Section. Busy guy.

"These are not standard criminals," Mr. Fina says of the accused Mr. Veon and
his cronies on both sides of the aisle. "We're used to murderers. At least with
murderers, they'll look you in the face and say, 'Yeah, you got me.' "

The Attorney General's office has spent more than three years to bring two dozen
legislators and their aides to Courtroom Number One. It's the first major
prosecution of corrupt Pennsylvania legislators in more than a quarter-century
and, according to Frank Fina at least, it's more than a little overdue.

"The oldest rule in the book is 'run 'til you're tackled,' " he says, "and there
were no tacklers on the field. The entire legislature is run--and I mean
run--from A to Z by 10 people. If you get elected, you don't get a pencil
without their say-so.

"I would be generous to say that 10% of what is done in the legislature is done
in the best interests of the people of Pennsylvania. Ten per cent, and I'm being
gracious. The best interests of the people seem to not exist."

Pennsylvania, the prosecutor notes, has the largest full-time parliament of any
state, with more than 250 assemblymen and senators and thousands of staffers
concerned with little but their own reelection. To keep them all honest, he has
a staff of eight.

"Dealing with homicides, we're cynical to begin with," Frank Fina says. "But
with politicians, it's been very hard to retain any hope."

---

After seven days of sequestration and 58 hours of deliberations, the jury of
five women and seven men returns to Courtroom Number One at the Dauphin County
Courthouse and, on 45 of the 59 charges against Mike Veon, finds him not guilty.

The remaining 14 counts of theft, conspiracy, and conflict of interest are
enough to deprive him of his liberty for 73 years, when he is sentenced a couple
of weeks from now.

A few days after the verdict, I speak with the foreman of the jury of Mike
Veon's peers, a 47-year-old power-grid operator named Gene Shutt.

As it happens, Mr. Shutt is himself an elected official, one of the three
supervisors of rural Wiconisco Township, population about 1,100.

"Honestly," the foreman says, "I didn't know who Mr. Veon was when the trial
started. Shame on me, as a Republican I didn't know who the representatives of
the opposite party were, especially the ones at the higher end of the food
chain.

"For myself, him being a politician had nothing to do with it. I looked at it as
if that was me sitting there on the other side of the room. No matter who they
were, I wanted them to prove to me that they were guilty.

"I wasn't so naive to think that there wasn't some corruption, but that mindset
that 'if he's a politician, he's a crook' wasn't part of me. We didn't take it
as a mission, didn't take it as trying to drive a point home. We had a job to
do."

It was the motorcycle junket, Gene Shutt says, that really left a bad taste in
the jurors' mouths. That, and the millions of dollars in bonuses.

"I see that they allowed the money to drive their life instead of what they were
sent there to do," he says.

"That's what amazes me --that politicians want to step over the line. You're
gonna get caught. Somebody's gonna see you and you're gonna get caught."

Fifteen years ago, Gene Shutt saw a man he did not admire running for the
Wiconisco Board of Supervisors, decided to oppose him, didn't do any campaigning
at all, and lost by one vote.

In 1997, he tried again with more seriousness and won. Now he's in his third
six-year term, as entrenched as Mike Veon used to be in Harrisburg, Pa., before
his sand castle got washed away.

"You're a politician -- are you a crook?" I ask the foreman who helped to bring
the politicians down.

"I couldn't even get a free ice cream cone down at the Dairy Queen," Gene Shutt
replies. "And I wouldn't want it anyhow."

---------

A U.S. Department of Justice report to Congress recently detailed a host of
corruption cases. Among them:

ARMY BRIBES

While working in Iraq, Colonel Curtis Whiteford and Lieutenant Colonel Michael
Wheeler of the U.S. Army conspired with others to receive bribes from a U.S.
businessman with companies in Iraq. For rigged contracts worth almost
$9-million, the businessman bribed the two officers and others with more than
$1-million in cash, SUVs, including a Cadillac Escalade, sports cars, a
motorcycle, jewellery, computers, business-class airline tickets, liquor, and
promise of future employment. They were convicted in November 2008 of conspiracy
to commit bribery. Whiteford was jailed for five years, Wheeler for 42 months.

WASHINGTON KINGPIN

The biggest fish of recent times was Jack Abramoff, the hyperactive Washington
lobbyist, who agreed to pay more than $23-million in restitution. During his
time in the U.S. capital, he was employed by two law firms and used his access
to suborn federal officials, principally members of Congress and their aides,
through expensive meals, gifts and sports trips. With his partner Michael
Scanlon, owner of a PR firm, Abramoff also conspired to defraud his clients,
four Native American tribes, by charging fees that included huge profits, then
splitting the excess in a secret kickback arrangement. He is also accused of tax
evasion to the tune of $690,000. Abramoff was also sentenced to four years in
prison.

ELECTRONIC SNOOPING

For several years up to 2008, Lawrence Yontz, a former U.S. State Department
contractor, indulged his "idle curiosity" -in the words of his lawyer -by
perusing at least 200 passport applications. They included those of Hillary
Clinton, U.S. secretary of state, and Barack Obama, the U.S. president,
pictured, as well as John McCain, the Republican nominee. He also viewed the
passport files of "various celebrities, athletes, actors, politicians and their
immediate families, musicians, game show contestants, members of the media
corps, prominent business professionals, colleagues, associates, neighbours and
individuals identified in the press." He got probation.

VIRGIN SOIL

Dean Plaskett and Marc Biggs, two government commissioners in the U.S. Virgin
Islands, dreamed up a complicated scheme to get their hands on federal money.
With several others, they set up a fictitious company, Elite Technical Services,
which won seven government contracts worth about $1.4-million despite the fact
it did little, if any, work. About $300,000 to $500,000 of the proceeds were
funnelled to the two administrators and other government officials by the
co-conspirators, who kept the rest. Plaskett faced a maximum sentence of 50
years in jail and a $750,000 fine, while Biggs was on the hook for 10 years
inside and a $250,000 penalty.

STRIKE OUT

Trevor Blackann, former legislative assistant to a member of the Senate
committee with responsibility for highways, was one of the small fry caught up
in the Abramoff scandal. He was showered with thousands of dollars worth of
gifts by three lobbyists who hoped he would influence his boss. Among the
sweeteners was an all-expenses-paid trip to New York to attend the first game of
the 2003 World Series (the Florida Marlins v. the New York Yankees). The package
included limousine, lodging and hundreds of dollars in charges for patronizing a
gentlemen's club.

ISLAND LIFE

Jorge de Castro Font, a prominent Puerto Rican senator and member of the U.S.
House of Representatives, solicited at least $500,000 in cash and services from
individuals and companies hoping to land contracts on the island. He was
indicted on 32 federal charges including fraud, extortion, bribery and money
laundering. Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of nine to 20 years.

Source: U.S. Justice Department, National Post news services

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Corrupt Nation

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; Downtown Harrisburg, Pa.  Black & White
Photo:;  Black & White
Photo:;  Black & White
Photo:;  Black & White
Photo: Bradley C. Bower, Associated Press; Former Pennsylvania Democrat House
Whip Mike Veon was tried on 59 separate corruption charges in the state.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Series; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                October 26, 1999

VIEW FROM AMERICA: Radio Station Makes Disney A Hypocrite

BYLINE: By Kenneth L. Khachigian

SECTION: No. 1823

LENGTH: 547 words


Things were a lot simpler when the Disney name was equated with Bambi, Davy
Crockett and the Happiest Place on Earth. Not any more. Though it still
dominates the animation business, the Walt Disney Co. is now a media
conglomerate, the owner of ABC and the maker of adult-oriented films as well as
children's fare. Coming a long way from conservative roots planted by Walt
Disney himself, the company now has earned its pedigree as a blue-ribbon member
of the elite Hollywood left.

Look no further than the Disney studio's latest contribution to political
correctness and liberal orthodoxy by way of the film "The Insider." It's about
one of the political left's favorite issues - the venality and dark mendacity of
the tobacco industry. Los Angeles Times reporter Claudia Eller describes "The
Insider" as a chronicle of "the real-life relationship between reluctant
whistle-blower Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe) and 60 Minutes' producer Lowell
Bergman (Al Pacino), who convinces the former scientist to expose Big Tobacco's
knowledge of nicotine addiction on network TV." The Disney company and the
director, Michael Mann, are spinning the movie as fraught with risk.

But Hollywood takes no creative risks in producing such movies. Among that
close-knit and knee-jerk community of lunch-doers, nothing is more popular than
bashing corporations and portraying them as hideous gargoyles of social
indifference. Moreover, given the Clinton administration's nonstop drumbeat to
demonize the tobacco industry (whose federal subsidies he regularly signs into
law) and the high-profile attacks by greedy trial lawyers, where is the risk?
But given the studio's penchant for whistle-blowers and exposing social
repulsiveness, it should not overlook the opportunity in its own barnyard.
Coincidentally, on the same day the paean to Disney's braveheartedness was
written, the Times also reported that a Disney-owned radio station in Los
Angeles - KLOS-FM - is under fire for last year's promotion distributing "Black
Hoes" (black, plastic gardening tools) to its audience.

But this hoe just scratched the surface because the controversy further
"uncovered 11 years of complaints about barbs against Jews, Asians and blacks"
aired on one of its radio shows.

Furthermore, this Disney-owned radio station clearly has its own whistle
-blowers. The brouhaha was ignited when two black station employees filed a
lawsuit accusing the station of racial harassment.

Predictably, a spokeswoman for the Disney side has fended off the claims.

One wonders if the movie-makers and defenders of human morality will now put
some Disney greenbacks into exploring this corporate-sponsored hatemongering -
and whether its own whistle-blowers will be lionized instead of stigmatized.

Disney is now in a full public relations mode regarding this garbage that
provides corporate profits. Its effort to distance itself from allegations of
pandemic malfeasance shows that - by way of its movie "The Insider" - one method
of distraction is to run with the hounds instead of the hare.

But the other critter that comes to mind in this sordid hypocrisy is one with
which there is great familiarity: Mickey Mouse.

Kenneth L. Khachigian is a columnist for the Los Angeles Times.


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                              67 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           January 26, 1999, Tuesday

Only Samaranch can close sad chapter

SOURCE: QNP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 478 words


THE International Olympic Committee appears to use a very different dictionary
to that in everyday circulation. They say offering inducements worth tens of
thousands of dollars to wavering delegates hours before a vote is not bribery.
The fact Congolese IOC delegate Jean-Claude Ganga personally received $US28,000
($44,500) worth of medical treatment in Salt lake City _ as the Utah capital was
bidding for the 2002 winter games _ and made a $US60,000 ($95,000) profit on a
local land deal is not a criminal matter. Yet, to most people, the common usage
of bribe would apply in these cases.

However, the IOC and the whole Olympic bidding process is anything but common.
It has been exposed as a secretive, protective club which has allowed a corrupt
culture to develop and then hidden its existence as the venality of some members
of the exclusive inner circle got out of hand. Since IOC president Juan Antonio
Samaranch took the Olympic reins in 1980 _ when the organisation was in debt and
the Games were in trouble _ marketing has become an end in itself. The brilliant
success of the 1984 Los Angeles Games served as a spur to become even more
commercial.

As bidders watched the system bent out of shape through favours and "gifts", a
scandal like Salt Lake City was inevitable. The lines between what was
acceptable and what was improper were blurred as Yoshiaki Tsutsumi, one of the
world's richest men, purchased the Winter Games for his home town Nagano in
Japan with a $US20 million ($31.7 million) fundraiser to help realise
Samaranch's dream of an Olympic museum in Lausanne. Even Sydney was caught in
the mad rush to buy votes with Australian Olympic chief John Coates rushing to
Africa just before the final ballot, handing out sporting grants. It might have
been within the loose Olympic guidelines but it was wrong and the Australian
Olympic authorities should admit as much. The Sydney Games have survived but by
playing by perverted rules the 2000 event has been tarnished.

The real problem though is not the future of the Sydney Games, the three IOC
delegates who have resigned nor the further six who are suspended pending a
March hearing of misconduct charges. The problem is the culture which has
emerged and become entrenched under Mr Samaranch's presidency. He has been as
enthusiastic as anyone in accepting and enjoying the perks of the IOC gravy
train _ his treasured museum is full of glittering gifts such as expensive
shotguns from Salt Lake City and a jewelled samurai sword from Nagano; his hotel
bill in Nagano was $A150,000. Yesterday, Mr Samaranch called on the six
suspended delegates to resign and close "this sad chapter" in Olympic history.
The IOC president is wrong; the "sad chapter" will only close when he faces up
to his central role in the corruption of the Olympics and he resigns.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              68 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            October 31, 1997, Friday

Devils in the city of angels

BYLINE: Nick Hasted

SECTION: FEATURES; Page  2,

LENGTH: 1212 words


Los Angeles is the city of dreams and nightmares . . . and of black, black
movies. With the opening of 'LA Confidential', Nick Hasted looks at the work of
novelists who have captured the contradictions of the city and the films that
have exposed its venality.

LA thinks it's the city of the future. In fact, it's a place ripe for thrillers.
And LA noir has become a genre as unique as the city.

In recent years, numerous thrillers have looked to LA's past, to locate its lost
soul, including John Gregory Dunne's True Confessions and its film adaptation
(1981), last year's Mulholland Falls and today's LA Confidential, Curtis
Hanson's adaptation of James Ellroy's novel. In the end, despite the
disturbingly brilliant portrayal of head-smashing violence, the corruption, the
racism and the venal sex are all dwarfed by two definitive works: Robert Towne's
Chinatown trilogy, intended to reveal the city from 1937 to 1958; and James
Ellroy's LA Quartet, spanning 1946 to 1959 (LA Confidential, set in 1958, is the
third novel in the sequence). Taken together, they imagine LA in a way no other
city has been subject to. They can be seen as the result of the love of two men
for three mouldering corpses. In the case of Towne, that corpse is old LA
itself, the city that he wishes still existed.

Chinatown is where his imagining began. Made in 1974, it was set in 1937, the
year of the birth of its star, Jack Nicholson. In part a tribute to film noir,
it's set before such films existed, before anyone would have understood them.
It's set before the war, before freeways, before race riots and pollution, in
the last days of LA's innocence. That innocence was false even then.

LA's growth in the first years of the century had quickly outstripped its source
of water. So the San Fernando Reservoir was opened in 1913, sucking dry the
fertile land to the north, land bought by lying city officials, leaving its
inhabitants to wither. It was LA's original sin, and the bleeding heart of
Robert Towne's Chinatown script, the historic corollary to the personal
corruption of its villain, the incestuous monster Noah Cross.  "It's about greed
and its consequences," Towne noted, "not just in the present, but in the future.
The land is raped as surely as the daughter."

Chinatown wasn't just about corruption, about the darkness that closes in by its
end. It was also about Towne's love for his city, in spite of the seeds from
which he knew it had grown, in spite, even, of what he knew it had become. "I
was setting the movie in the place of my magical memories," Towne said later. "I
always start out saying, 'I'm just going to show how the place has turned to
shit!' And then I can't stop myself.  My eyes keeps going to the things that
were beautiful, the things I remember as a child."

The Two Jakes (1990), set in 1948, ached with that dream of a vanished paradise.
The stain on LA's history this time was the theft of oil-rich real estate, a
narrative suggesting both post-war suburban sprawl and a scandal unremarked in
the script, the destruction of LA's public transport by car-industry-corrupted
officials. It's the point at which the old LA began to die. But Nicholson's
character, Jake Gittes, seems blind to what's to come, or wishes he were. The
constant sunlight of Chinatown has set, perhaps because even more of pre-Sixties
LA was demolished between the two films; perhaps because Nicholson, looking
bloated and worn down, can't bear to look. The film ends in a private eye's
office like that of Sam Spade in the original LA noir, The Maltese Falcon, with
Gittes telling Noah Cross's grand-daughter about the past: "It doesn't go away."

It is a desperately romantic ending. The severance of the friendship of
Nicholson and Towne during filming means that a third film, to be set in 1958,
may never be made. Gittes will stay in 1948 for ever, before things got worse.
It's when James Ellroy was happy to take up the slack.

The corpses that animate Ellroy's work are more personal. In 1958, when he was
10, his mother, Jean Ellroy, was murdered after sex. The killer was never
caught. Soon afterwards, Ellroy came across the case of the Black Dahlia, a
promiscuous young woman who, in 1947, was horribly mutilated, then choked on her
own blood before being cut in half. That murder, too, was unsolved. It was LA's
most infamous crime. The two women merged in Ellroy's mind, as did the source of
his Dahlia discovery: a book by Jack Webb to accompany the TV series Dragnet.
Made in cooperation with the LAPD, it also defined them. In his memoir My Dark
Places, Ellroy says: "Dragnet was the saga of dead-end lives up against
authority. Suppressive police methods ensured a virtuous LA . . . It was the
epic of isolated men in an isolating profession, deprived of conventional
illusions and traumatised by their daily contact with scum. It was Fifties-style
male angst - alienation as a public service announcement."

Ellroy turned these sources, and subsequent experiences, into fiction -
feverishly soaking up random crime fiction, almost dying from drug addiction in
a dead-end apartment, finding his real voice with the first of the LA Quartet,
The Black Dahlia (1987). He had his way with Fifties Hollywood.  He gave a
thinly disguised Walt Disney an out-of-wedlock son, inspired by his father's
porn cartoons to cut up children. He filled his books with a violence new to
thrillers. In Ellroy's LA Confidential, shotgun pellets float in blood.  He
filled basements with skulking monsters ripping up limbs, as if replaying his
own past. It read like the fevered imaginings of one man's head. But Ellroy, no
less than Towne, was writing about the real LA, past and present.

Its police force most of all. Ellroy's LAPD is only hinted at in Hanson's film.
Their casually racist banter was deemed impossible to portray on screen.  In his
books, Ellroy walks happily into the heart of the mentality he sensed in
Dragnet: isolationist brutality. His creation Captain Dudley Smith is a cancer
cell that will spread through the city's future. By the Quartet's finale, White
Jazz, Smith is taking the force's doctrine of suppression, of absolute
containment, to its logical conclusion, taking over LA's heroin trade, planning
to sell only to blacks, to pacify "Darktown."

The force of his evil brings Ellroy's writing to the point of collapse,
compressed to a black hole of brutal shorthand. You can feel the future flooding
into his book: the eruption of black rioters in Watts a few years after his
Quartet's conclusion; the lie to the LAPD's suppressive doctrine (the moment
when the police, too, realised that it wouldn't be enough, he notes in My Dark
Places); the Rodney King beating; even the OJ Simpson trial, the crime that
finally dwarfed the Black Dahlia in LA's memory.

Ellroy had already had enough. Like Towne and Nicholson, he stopped while he
still could, and, like them, he pines for the LA of his dreams

"LA's got so completely out of hand," he sighed to a reporter in 1995, "it isn't
even believable to me any more." "I live with things I can no longer see," said
Towne.

Ellroy moved out years ago, tired of the reality.

Ryan Gilbey reviews 'LA Confidential' on page 10


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Independent Print Ltd


                              69 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 19, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

It's game on in 'Vegas';
CBS plays 'cowboys vs. gangsters' in homage to the '60s

BYLINE: Bill Keveney

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1438 words


Vegas is a series of clashes: rural past vs. urban future; frontier morality vs.
big-city venality; cattle herding vs. cash skimming.

Or, as star Dennis Quaid likes to put it, flashing that signature grin: "It's
cowboys vs. gangsters."

In the new CBS drama Vegas (premiering Tuesday, 10 ET/PT), a period piece that
opens in 1960, series-TV newcomer Quaid plays the cowboy, Ralph Lamb, a
character inspired by a real-life rancher-turned-sheriff of the same name.
Michael Chiklis plays gangster Vincent Savino, a composite Chicago mobster sent
to Las Vegas to run the Savoy Casino.

Lamb is backed by his brother Jack (Jason O'Mara) and son Dixon (Taylor
Handley), and Savino has his dutiful henchmen. Assistant district attorney and
Lamb's neighbor Katherine O'Connell (Carrie-Anne Moss) provides legal authority
in the unruly town while working under a slippery D.A.

The two principals -- light cowboy hat vs. dark fedora -- stand off against a
searing desert backdrop at a time when a dusty cow town was on the cusp of
becoming the gambling capital of the world.

Vegas is the latest TV series to tap into the '60s milieu, following such shows
as Mad Men, Pan Am and The Playboy Club, but it's not simply a matter of setting
a mood, executive producer Greg Walker says. It's a look at a historic character
at a significant time in the life of the gambling mecca.

"No one's spent a lot of time covering this transitional period" between Bugsy,
which preceded it, to Casino, which followed, he says. "This is where Vegas went
from being a small town to being the big Mob-run town to ultimately end up being
a bastion of corporations. This is the story of how it got there."

At the time, Chiklis says, "it was a one-horse town. There was a strip with a
handful of hotels and that was it. It was just before the boom and guys like my
character came in and it was like the U.N. of Mobs. A couple of New York
families had their hotels, the Chicago families had their hotels, the Milwaukee
guys ran the unions. Everybody had their own flag in the sand (and)  they were
all vying for position. And these guys thought big. They thought in terms of
empire."

Standing in their way was Lamb, a fourth-generation rancher and former World War
II MP who has the sheriff's duties thrust upon him when the mayor needs someone
reliable to investigate a casino worker's murder.

"One of the things that attracted me to this was playing this real-life guy,
Ralph Lamb. He's kind of a legend in Las Vegas," Quaid says of the former Clark
County sheriff, now 85, who served from 1960 to 1978. "That was part of the
biggest era of growth in Las Vegas. Those were some of the most colorful times,
too."

Lamb wasn't fond of some of the new arrivals, says Quaid (who  rides his own
horse in some scenes). "He really couldn't stomach the element that was coming
into the city.  He didn't like the way they operated. It was like an invasion
came into his town."

Executive producer Arthur Sarkissian puts it in film terms: "It's Rio Bravo vs.
The Godfather."

An era comes alive

Lamb's animosity toward Savino and his ilk comes through during a scene in a
Savoy suite, where the gangster is nursing a  gunshot wound. When Lamb saunters
in, Savino claims his injury is the result of his gun going off when he fell.
Lamb isn't buying.

"You people want to kill each other, fine," Lamb says. "Just don't do it in my
town."

The Savoy hotel room is one of many elaborate sets on this sun-drenched studio
lot 40 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles,  standing in for an earlier
Vegas. There's a faux Fremont Street, with glitzy signs announcing The
Tumbleweed Club and The Golden Nugget. Bright lights promise dice, slots and
bingo. Just down the street -- but a world of style away -- is the entrance to
the  Savoy, a dark den of slot machines, roulette wheels and baccarat tables
with a curving bar to the side.

"It is Savino's dream to have this showcase of his planned empire,"  Walker
says. "It embodies his dreams. It represents change from the
sawdust-on-the-floor, Roy-Rogers style of casino that dominated Fremont Street
during that era."

The sets make the era come alive for the actors.

"I can't tell you how much it helps," Chiklis says. "I get in my 1958 black
Lincoln Continental with the suicide doors and I can drive down old Fremont
Street, pull up in front of the Savoy, tip the valet and walk into my own casino
and do a walk-and-talk through the casino in one shot. That's extraordinary. It
makes it easier to delve into that world."

Moss is captivated by the fashion, beauty and especially vibrancy of that time.
"I'm very interested in the differences in life  compared to now, especially
being a woman," she says. "For a woman to have the position I have in the show,
you really need to be at the top of your class. Your opportunities were very
small just because you were a woman. That's pretty powerful and not that long
ago."

Moss says Katherine "definitely has a chemistry, a history" with Ralph that
could lead to a romantic spark. "It's nothing that's being rushed. We're not
getting hit over the head with it, but  it's subtle and it's there."

Old-school crime solving

Lamb, who has shared his stories with the writers, isn't the show's only Las
Vegas pedigree. Nicholas Pileggi, who wrote Casino (the book and the screenplay
for the Scorsese film), is an executive producer who initially planned the
project for the big screen.

"Nick, having spent so much time interviewing Ralph Lamb and a lot of the people
from that era when he was doing the Casino research, started to collect a
shoebox of all these stories and they came together in his mind in the original
screenplay, which we adapted together into a television show," Walker says.

Structurally Vegas, which uses Lamb and his stories as a jumping-off point, will
combine a procedural element, the crime of the week common to CBS dramas, with
Mob and political stories and a deeper character study of these adversaries,
Walker says.

In the city that gave birth to TV's fascination with forensics  via CSI, O'Mara
finds the earlier era's crime-solving approach appealing.

"Some of the methods we might use are old-fashioned, but I think it's rewarding
to watch characters use common sense instead of DNA and ultraviolet lights," he
says. "They're ranchers. They don't really know what they're doing. They're
learning from their mistakes and they're trying to work things out as they go."

Shades of gray

Although Lamb and Savino are at odds, they won't be at each other's throats
every week, Walker says; that would create too much of a "Road Runner-Wile E.
Coyote conundrum.  There may be times when there's a greater evil and Lamb and
Savino may find themselves on the same side."

The characters aren't purely black and white, either. Lamb must face the
temptations of both his opponents and his own power.

"At every turn, equal to the physical danger is the moral danger," Walker says.
"It's so difficult for Lamb not to be corrupted by the forces in Vegas, to not
take a series of little steps over the line until one day he looks over and the
line is a mile away."

As sheriff, Lamb held perhaps the most powerful position in Nevada, overseeing
such matters as gambling and liquor licenses and work permits. That kind of
power can be a dangerous thing, Quaid says. Did Lamb operate in a gray area? "He
was a full human being, let's just put it that way. He had his own way of
getting things done."

Savino, on the other hand, strives to make a criminal enterprise legit. Chiklis
says the mobster is the antithesis of Vic Mackey, the bad cop from The Shield
that earned him an Emmy.

"If Vic started as an idealistic man who became a cop to do good in the world
and spiraled into corruption, this is a guy who comes from a world of corruption
and his trajectory is to rise out of corruption into legitimacy," he says.
Savino's "not just an archvillain."

Walker says he wrote the part of the stoic, internal Lamb with Quaid in mind,
but never thought he'd land the actor. "When Dennis became interested, my jaw
dropped." Quaid, for his part, says he is intrigued by contemporary television,
likening it to the '70s era in film, when it felt like "the inmates were taking
over the asylum."

When Chiklis signed on, writers reworked the intense Savino into a larger
character "to make it the size Michael needs" and a worthy adversary for Lamb,
Walker says.

The fictional Lamb-Savino relationship  may have to go some to match real life.
"When I met Ralph, I had dinner with him and one of the wise guys that at one
time was trying to kill him.  (Ralph) was trying to get him, too," Quaid says.
"Now, they're friends."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 August 4, 1995

THE GOLDEN GIRLS;
They met. They argued. They made it up. They wrote letters. And they were
friends to the end

BYLINE: Zoe Heller

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. T7

LENGTH: 2587 words


Between Friends: the correspondence of Hannah Arendt and Mary McCarthy

Edited by Carol Brightman

412pp, Secker & Warburg, pounds 25

BEFORE Hannah Arendt and Mary McCarthy were ever friends, they were fast
enemies. On the occasion of their second meeting, at a New York party in 1945,
the conversation turned to the French citzenry's hostility towards their German
occupiers.  McCarthy, golden Vassar girl, princess of the Manhattan literary
set, expert in languid cocktail party opinion, remarked that she "felt sorry
for" Hitler being so deluded as to crave the love of even his victims. Arendt, a
Jewish German exile, who had spent the war years working for the establishment
of an anti-Nazi Jewish army, and who had just begun writing The Origins of
Totalitarianism, her great work of scholarly enquiry into the common roots of
the Stalinist and Nazi regimes, was not prepared to tolerate this sort of
"sophisticated" chatter. "How can you say such a thing to me - a victim of
Hitler, a person who has been in a concentration camp!" she exploded, before
stamping away to complain about McCarthy to the party's host.

Tales of in-fighting among the intellectual elite do not surprise us much any
more. The appetite - particularly pronounced in the Anglo-Saxon world, it seems
- for revelations of venality and pettiness in our literary and intellectual
heroes, has been well-served by the era of the blockbuster psycho-biography.
These days, we assume that the bien pensants will behave badly - that feminists
will seethe with feelings of sexual competitiveness towards their sisters, and
high-minded socialists will revel in each other's bad reviews. Yet one of the
pleasures of Between Friends lies in the challenge it offers to this peculiarly
modern cynicism. Four years after their initial falling-out, Arendt approached
McCarthy on a subway platform.  "Let's end this nonsense," she said. "We two
think so much alike." McCarthy then apologised for her remark about Hitler and
Arendt admitted she hadn't ever been in a concentration camp - only a French
internment camp. The correspondence that began after this rapprochement and
continued for the next quarter of a century, until Arendt's death in 1975,
testifies to the intensely loyal, even passionate attachment that their unlikely
friendship became.

Although they did not perhaps, think quite so alike as Arendt first imagined,
their differences appear to have been productive ones - rooted by a mutual
intellectual respect and a shared commitment, unabashed in its earnestness, to
"the life of the mind". (Impossible, now, to imagine that phrase - which served
as the title of Arendt's last, posthumously-published book - being offered
unironically or without apologetic quotation marks.) What Arendt once called
"thi s thinking business" was for both women not an academic luxury, but an
activity of intense moral import, indivisible from the public and private
concerns of their daily lives. In this way, their letters, though often dense
with philosophical reflection, continually suggest a fluent commerce between
ideas and the urgent stuff of lived experience.

In a one early letter written from Cape Cod in 1954, McCarthy switches casually
back and forth from earnest consideration of "the shattered science of
epistemology" to gossipy complaints about Cape Cod social life: the grimness of
having to attend parties that "exhale a noxious boredom", the still greater
grimness of not being invited, or being cut by Saul Bellow.  "That's the worst
of place like this; your value is continually being called into question and you
shiver at social slights, even from people you don't care for." The role that
McCarthy adopts here - the worldly pupil offering satirical snippets from
literary society in exchange for intellectual nourishment from her mentor - is
not uncharacteristic. Her tone in these letters is often that of the
intellectual supplicant, requesting reading lists to remedy her "appalling
ignorance", fretting over what Arendt will say about the racier episodes in her
novels.  Arendt (who summered in the infinitely less modish Catskills) seems to
have happily conspired in this tutorial element of their relationship.
Responding to McCarthy's enquiries about epistemology, she commends some of her
friend's intuitions on the subject, offers a mini-treatise on the history of
ideas and delivers this sweeping repudiation of Western philosophical tradition:
"The chief fallacy is to believe that Truth is a result which comes at the end
of a thought-process. Truth, on the contrary is always at the beginning of
thought; thinking is always result-less."

Still, the roles that the two women played in these letters were not inflexible.
On several occasions, Arendt seems to have ventured into McCarthy's arena,
offering tough and rather good advice on amatory matters. "You can't expect
somebody who loves you to treat you less cruelly than he would treat himself,"
she writes sternly, after McCarthy's brief affair with an English
boxer-turned-literary critic, John Davenport, has come to a bitter end. Later,
in 1959, when McCarthy writes deliriously of a love affair she is having with
James West, the American government official who was to become her fourth
husband, Arendt writes to correct her friend's blithe faith in love's
transformative powers: "Please don't fool yourself - nobody was ever cured of
anything by a mere woman. Either you're willing to take him as is or you better
leave well enough alone." And when McCarthy complains of her estranged husband's
"unprincipled" behaviour in prevaricating over granting her a divorce, Arendt is
quick to correct her priggishness. "You write that it is just 'too ridiculous'
for the two of you (Jim West and you) to be 'the passive foils of other people'
. . . it seems to me rather obvious that you both are the victims of your own
self-chosen past. This may be inconvenient but it is not ridiculous, unless you
wish to say that your whole past was not only a mistake but a ridiculous one."

Just as Arendt grappled with McCarthy's love affairs, so McCarthy was not beyond
correcting "barbarisms" in Arendt's manuscripts (English was Arendt's fourth
language) or taking her to task on weaknesses in her arguments. Such rigour as
both of them displayed could, when it wasn't tempered by the respect and
affection that they felt they felt for one another, be a brutal thing. Both
women were unapologetically elitist in intellectual matters and their summary
judgments of colleagues and friends in these letters are often devastating. "She
isn't bright and knows it and has transferred her small aggressive sense of
authority (also her anxiety) to her objects which she then turns on angrily as
if they were false friends," McCarthy writes of one acquaintance in 1974.
William Phillips, a former editor of the American periodical, Partisan Review,
once recalled complaining to Arendt about a meeting he had had with Simone de
Beauvoir, who had spoken "endless nonsense" about America. "The trouble with
you, William," Arendt responded "is that you don't realise that she's not very
bright.  Instead of arguing with her, you should flirt with her."

AS SOME of these comments may suggest, both women were feminists in a decidedly
old-fashioned sense - coolly certain of their intellectual equality with men,
but not much interested in sisterhood for its own sake or in promoting the
under-rated virtues of a "female point of view". Inevitably, their hauteur won
them enemies but nowhere in these letters is there any attempt to counter
criticism of themselves or their work with claims of anti -female bias. This is
so even when the criticism undoubtedly is tainted by misogyny, or chauvinistic
resentment at least.

In his memoir, A New York Jew, Alfred Kazin, recalls, with much injured pride,
the critical drubbing that McCarthy and her second husband, Edmund Wilson, gave
his book, On Native Grounds, when he visited them in their New York apartment in
1947.  "(McCarthy) went into my faults with great care . . . I was fascinated by
her zeal . . . I thought of my gentle, distinctly unliterary wife . . . I
thought of her with longing in this inhuman setting." Wilson was quickly excused
his momentary insensitivity, but McCarthy's lack of feminine gentleness was
never forgiven and Kazin later repaid her with a punishing portrait in his book,
Starting Out in the Thirties.

Arendt's response to attack was bluff, stoical. When she herself was accused of
implicitly defending the Nazi, Adolf Eichmann, in her famous report on his
trial, Eichmann in Jerusalem, she simply refused to enter into the debate. "My
position is that I wrote a report and that I am not in politics, either Jewish
or otherwise."

McCarthy was more inclined to hurt bewilderment. After the publication of The
Group in 1963 had made her a proper celebrity, she became increasingly subject
to vituperative, ad feminam attacks, but never inured to them. With Arendt, she
was always worrying over the nuances of their exchanges and the minute
fluctuations in the temperature of their feelings. "It was sad to watch you go
through the gate to the airport without turning back," she writes to Arendt in
1974, after they have spent a couple of days together in Scotland. "Something is
happening or has happened to our friendship and I cannot think that in noticing
this I am being overly sensitive or imagining things. The least I can conjecture
is that I have got on your nerves." With a palpable note of impatience, Arendt
replies, "The notion that you would ever get on my nerves never crossed my mind.
For heaven's sake, Mary, stop it, please."

If this exchange, which took place just a year before Arendt died, is more
redolent of the frets and fevers of romance than the stolid understanding one
might expect from old friends, it offers, perhaps, a clue to the extraordinary
strength and longevity of the two women's connection. Arendt's style may have
been a little more matter-of-fact than McCarthy's but she, too, seems to have
brought to the friendship the sort of passion and involvement usually reserved
for non-platonic liaisons.  And as the two women grew old, the value they placed
on each other's affection waxed rather than waned. At Arendt's funeral, McCarthy
spoke of Arendt as "alluring, seductive, feminine . . . her eyes, so brilliant
and sparkling, starry when she was happy or excited, but also deep, dark,
remote, pools of inwardness." It was how a lover might have spoken - in its
almost erotic appreciation of Arendt, but more especially in its acknowledgement
that the comforts of familiarity had never quite vanquished the essential
mystery of the beloved.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              71 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 4, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

The Stage: 'Serious Money'

BYLINE: By FRANK RICH

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1401 words


WHEN the antiquated London stock market finally cast off tradition and plugged
into the deregulated frenzy of modern Wall Street in 1986, the phenomenon was
heralded as the Big Bang. In ''Serious Money,'' a ferocious new satire about the
financial wheeler-dealers born in the ensuing boom, Caryl Churchill takes the
term literally.

The play at the Public Theater travels to the trading pits and board rooms of
London's financial district, the City, to find the precise pitch of the arena of
arbitrage, inside trading, greenmail, corporate raiding and leveraged buyouts.
''Serious Money'' wants us to hear the very sound of megascale greed as it is
practiced on that circuit of telephone wires and computer screens blinking 24
hours a day from Tokyo to New York.

That sound is not the sound of music. It is not the polite ringing of a cash
register. It is not even the insistent chatter of a ticker tape. The noise
emanating from the brokers and bankers and dealers in ''Serious Money'' is a
cacophonous, feverish screech of numbers and obscenities that builds into a mad
roar. It is, indeed, a big bang, and it rivals other apocalyptic explosions of
our nuclear age in its potential for devastation. As Ms. Churchill and the
recent crash both demonstrate, the bursting financial bubble can leave small
investors, large corporations, third world countries and Western economies
shattered in its wake.

Yet in the theater, the noise creates a strange, if chilling, exhilaration. If
''Serious Money'' is an angry, leftist political work about ruthlessness and
venality, about plundering and piggishness, it is also vivid entertainment. The
fun comes in part from the vicarious pleasure always to be had in watching the
flimflams of others. Ms. Churchill opens her play with an excerpt from a 1692
Thomas Shadwell comedy about stock jobbers -and a bit of ''The Solid Gold
Cadillac'' could have made the same plus ca change point. But even more of the
evening's lift can be attributed to Ms. Churchill's own inventive approach to
her enduring subject. As her characters have rewritten the rules of the
marketplace to create a new order of Darwinist capitalism, so she rewrites the
rules of the theater expressly to capture that bizarre world on stage.

Such daring is typical of this playwright, who in her previous ''Cloud Nine''
and ''Top Girls'' has sent characters floating between historical periods and
genders to make trenchant points about sexual and economic oppression. While
''Serious Money'' is well aware of Ben Jonson, Restoration comedy and Brecht, it
has been written in its own outrageous style. The script is almost entirely
composed of rhymed couplets, many of them juvenile and scatological, some of
them clever (''If it was just inside dealing/It's not a proper crime like
stealing.'') The action is fast and confusing - intentionally so, given all the
overlapping dialogue - and the people are no more than cartoons. The closest
thing ''Serious Money'' has to a plot - the mysterious death of a commercial
paper dealer - is never even resolved.

The overall result, repetitive and unruly as it sometimes may be, is wholly
theatrical. Though based on up-to-the-minute research and clearly inspired in
part by the actual Guinness and Boesky scandals in London and New York,
''Serious Money'' is not a ''Nightline''-style documentary. Nor is it a work of
satirical narrative fiction, like ''The Bonfire of the Vanities,'' Tom Wolfe's
thematically related novel about a high-rolling Wall Street bond trader. Ms.
Churchill valiantly makes the case, as so very few playwrights do these days,
that the stage can still play its own unique role, distinct from that of
journalism or television or movies, in dramatizing the big, immediate stories of
our day.

Only in a theater could we watch a Peruvian businesswoman (Meera Syal) deliver a
long, rhymed soliloquy that captures the fashions, ethos and economic basis of a
cocaine-fueled branch of the OPEC jet set. Or watch the traders on the floor of
Liffe - the London International Financial Futures Exchange, and pronounced like
''life'' - transform their hand signals and brokerage jargon into a rap number
(with lyrics by Ian Dury) that really makes their business seem, as one
character describes it, ''a cross between roulette and Space Invaders.'' While
Ms. Churchill does periodically send her players forward to explain terminology
and history, one need not be able to define ''junk bonds'' or know the real-life
basis of a scene inspired by the fall of Lehman Brothers to grasp her polemical
drift. Visceral theater, not didactic sermonizing, is the medium of her message.

Nor is that message as simplistic as one might think. To be sure, Ms. Churchill
is tough on red-suspendered, champagne-guzzling hustlers who speed down the fast
lane in BMW's and Lamborghinis on their way to the scrap heap at age 35. She is
also tough on the paternalistic, old-style businessmen overturned (and often
taken over) by the new deal-makers and on African and black American
entrepreneurs who sell out their own for a share of the spoils. But ''Serious
Money'' is more an indictment of a system than of specific sharks and crooks.
When money -not even land or widgets or pork bellies - is the main commodity
traded on the floor of Liffe, the game loses all connection to life. Real lives
are soon cold-bloodedly crunched along with the fast-flying abstract numbers.

When ''Serious Money'' falters -and it does, notably after intermission - the
problem is only partly Ms. Churchill's refusal to engineer her story as niftily
as Mr. Wolfe or a Restoration playwright might. The principal actors, all
English but only some of them from the first Royal Court Theater cast, too
frequently fail to etch firmly the writer's caricatures. In addition to
laughable American accents, we get a corporate raider (Daniel Webb, in a role
originated in London by Gary Oldman) who rants like a George Raft impersonator,
and a narrating banker (Paul Moriarty) of no discernible personality whatsoever.
Much better are Ms. Syal's smooth Peruvian cutthroat, Joanne Pearce as the
yuppiest of female traders, Allan Corduner as several impressively different
representatives of a dying old-boy establishment, and especially Linda Bassett
as three of those hatefully hard Thatcher-era ''top girls'' Ms. Churchill loves
to skewer. Among Ms. Bassett's roles is a public-relations expert who advises
the Boesky-like raider to sweeten his image by sponsoring London's National
Theater -a particularly rude joke, given the real Mr. Boesky's onetime service
on the board of the theater in which the New York audience of ''Serious Money''
sits.

Working on a smart Peter Hartwell set that vandalizes London's classical
architectural past with the flickering electronic hardware of the financial
bullring, Max Stafford-Clark stages the play at a fittingly breakneck pace.
''Sexy greed is the late 80's,'' says Ms. Bassett's P.R. woman, and the director
does not ignore the racy pull of ''massive sums of money being passed around the
world.'' In concert with the slangy, punchy script, he gives the show the
overheated tone of the raunchy London gutter press. But on the one occasion when
two of the characters actually try to arrange a romantic tryst, they fail to
find a free hour in common in their Filofax diaries. The Big Bang leaves no time
for that kind of orgasm; Ms. Churchill's traders regard even AIDS as just
another ''great market opportunity.'' In ''Serious Money,'' the heartlessness of
the late 80's finds its raucous voice in comedy that is, as it must be,
hilariously, gravely sick.


Rewriting the Rules

SERIOUS MONEY, by Caryl Churchill; directed by Max Stafford-Clark; scenery and
costumes, Peter Hartwell; lighting by Rick Fisher; musical arranger, Colin Sell;
music and lyrics by Ian Dury, Micky Gallagher and Chas Jankel; associate
producer, Jason Steven Cohen. The Royal Court Theater production presented by
Joseph Papp. At the Public/Newman Theater, 425 Lafayette Street. Scilla Todd and
Ms. Biddulph...Joanne Pearce Jake Todd, Frosby and Grevett...Scott Cherry Grimes
and Billy Corman...Daniel Webb Zackerman...Paul Moriarty Merrison, T.K. and
Nigel Ajibala...Burt Caesar Durkfeld, Greville Todd, Duckett, Soat and
Gleason...Allan Corduner Marylou Baines, Mrs. Etherington and Dolcie
Starr...Linda Bassett Jacinta Condor...Meera Syal

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Linda Bassett (Martha Swope)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 13, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

A DISTORTED PICTURE OF OUR ELECTORATES' WILL;
* To the Editor:$


SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 144 words


The defeat of five distinguished liberal Senators from the Midwest is a severe
blow to the Senate and therefore to the American people. Frank Church, George
McGovern, Birch Bayh, John Culver and Gaylord Nelson are moral and intellectual
leaders of the first rank - experienced and gifted statesmen in a profession
often scarred by mediocrity and venality.

he so-called conservative coalitions that ''targeted'' these Senators with
dollar bullets are claiming credit for the kill, but more thoughtful and decent
Americans are mourning this appalling loss. Should other citizens hear the sound
of the mourning bell, I would say to them: ''Ask not for whom the bell tolls ...
It tolls for thee.'' THOMAS H. GREER

East Lansing, Mich., Nov. 6, 1980

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              73 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

'Dreamland' is the must-read book about America's heroin crisis;
Award-winning journalist Sam Quinones combines thorough research with
superlative narrative skills to produce a horrifying but compulsively readable
book about opiate addiction in the United States.

BYLINE: By Kevin O'Kelly

SECTION: Books

LENGTH: 885 words


At least 300,000 Americans use heroin, according to the latest statistics. From
2010 to 2013, the number of deaths from overdoses tripled from 3,036 to 8,257.
Not coincidentally, since 1999 the number of prescription painkillers prescribed
and sold in the United States has quadrupled, although incidents of chronic pain
have not. Heroin use thrives on a disturbing symbiosis with painkiller
addiction: 3 out of 4 new heroin users have reported they had previously abused
prescription painkillers.

And these twin addictions have spread in places one wouldn't expect: Ohio, West
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee. The face of opiate addiction is no longer the
inner-city homeless or actors in Greenwich Village. It's suburban white kids in
Columbus, soccer moms in Nashville, rural men in West Virginia.

Award-winning journalist Sam Quinones ("True Tales from Another Mexico,"
"Antonio's Gun and Delfino's Dream" ) traces the history of opiate addiction and
its spread through the nation in Dreamland, a book that every American should
read. And I state that without reservation. The story Quinones tells is an
illustration of the failures of medicine in the so-called free-market system, of
the destructiveness of corporate venality, and of the desperate and criminal
lengths to which people mired in poverty or tormented by addiction can be
driven.

"Dreamland" is the result of relentless research and legwork on the part of
Quinones, as well as his talented storytelling. The opiate addiction epidemic
was caused by a convergence of multiple, seemingly unrelated factors, and
Quinones takes these narrative strands and weaves them together seamlessly. He
takes us from pharmaceutical laboratories to the trailer parks of West Virginia,
and from the poppy-growing regions of Northwestern Mexico to the streets of the
Rust Belt town of Portsmouth, Ohio, without a moment's confusion or narrative
misstep. He knows the perfect moment to leave one topic and move on to the next.

For decades US pharmaceutical companies had been trying to create a
non-addictive drug that could effectively control chronic pain. The 1995 FDA
approval of Oxyontin, a drug almost chemically identical to heroin, occurred
when insurance companies were increasingly reluctant to cover long-term
treatment of chronic pain via effective but expensive techniques such as
physical therapy and counseling. Purdue Pharma, which owned the patent to
Oxycontin, reassured everyone it was non-addictive. When the company sales
representatives cited non-existent studies demonstrating that Oxycontin could be
used safely to treat chronic pain, doctors were all too willing to listen. Soon
patients were hooked. Then people who didn't suffer chronic pain but had heard
about Oxycontin's effects were eager to try it. And retirees who could get
prescriptions began selling the pills to supplement their retirement income.
Scams for getting and selling the drug multiplied.

Then the Xalisco Boys came to town. One of the finest narrative and journalistic
accomplishments in this book is Quinones's portrait of this drug-dealing network
whose members are both business paragons and criminal geniuses. They all come
from a poppy-growing region of Northwest Mexico and sell black tar heroin, which
is cheap, potent, and easy to make. Their dealers are paid a salary, so they
have no incentive to dilute their product to maximize sales. Since violence
almost always draws the attention of cops, the dealers seldom carry guns.  And
since police and the press like big drug busts, large quantities of heroin in
one location or with one dealer are rare. And they have a customer service ethos
that matches Apple's or Trader Joe's, along with a delivery policy similar in
spirit to "Domino's 30 minutes or less:" Did a customer feel overcharged? Was
the driver late? You'll get free extra heroin next time. Was a driver
unfriendly? Expect an apologetic phone call from his boss.

The Xalisco Boys also multiplied their return on investment in superior product
and customer service by seeking out territories where there were no competitors.
They avoided the American Southwest and the biggest cities, which were
overflowing with drug dealers. The untapped markets were in places like the
dying industrial Midwest, where members of families deep in second-generation
unemployment were desperate for something that would make them feel like (in the
words of one drug user) "king of the world." They had already discovered
Oxycontin and doctors who would write a prescription without asking questions.
And if that doctor got caught, the Xalisco Boys were ready to step in with a
product that gave the same high. And no more waiting in line at the pharmacy:
The Xalisco Boys delivered.

The story of how opiate addiction spread is fascinating enough, but "Dreamland"
is also peppered with bitter ironies. Heroin was invented by Bayer. The wife of
the inventor of the hypodermic needle was the first person to die of an injected
drug overdose. The dirty, worn clothes of a Mexican looking for farm work make
him an automatic target for the Border Patrol, while a well-dressed drug dealer
in a nice car can cross the border with ease.

This book is as much of a page-turner as a good mystery, as well as being
thoroughly and disturbingly illuminating about a national crisis.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 30, 2011 Sunday

THE BEST CORRUPT POLS GO FOR STYLE POINTS

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


Forgive me if just a pinch of my Chicago is showing. For although this is
probably a terrible thing to admit, I've always had something of a soft-spot for
corrupt politicians, or at least the ones who took a certain pride in their
venality.

After all, I spent a number of years working in Chicago, where aldermen take the
oath of office and the Miranda Rule at the same time. Indeed, Illinois is a
state where the official governor's portrait is a mug shot. Barring some
last-minute delay in the proceedings, when former Hillsborough County
Commissioner Kevin White goes on trial this week on 10 corruption charges
including bribery, mail fraud, conspiracy, wire fraud, lying to an FBI agent and
basically being a complete dope, I would argue not only should the hapless pol
face of a jury of his peers, but also a sort of Olympic figure-skating panel of
judges awarding style and creativity points for the quality of his profiteering
at the public trough.

Kevin White started out small as a City Council member making his first campaign
for a County Commission seat, by attempting to write off his tailored suits with
campaign funds and listing his haberdasher as a political consultant. Nice
touch: 7.8, 7.9, 8.2, and of course, the French judge rules 9.9. Think of this
as a kind of Spiro Agnew starter kit.

Then came the glory Hillsborough County Commission years, noted first for
White's ham-handed efforts to clumsily seduce a fetching young aide, Alyssa
Ogden, whom he managed to persuade to accompany him to Atlanta on a phony
business trip.

When the hoped for coo-coo-ca-choo failed and Ogden sued for sexual harassment,
White's defense was that he was simply, merely, acting as a pimp to secure
Ogden's favors for aging and dying Florida Sentinel Bulletin publisher C. Blythe
Andrews Jr.

The jury eventually sided with Ogden, awarding her $75,000, while leaving White
looking like a declasse boob, who would sell out one of Tampa's most revered
figures in the African-American community. Bad form: 4.5, 3.7, 2.7, with French
Judge Dominique Strauss-Kahn ruling 9.9.

The current charges against The Man Who Would Be Bling stem from a federal
investigation of White and his late father, Moses. Some men read their kiddos
bedtime stories; Moses regaled his lad with his rap sheet.

At issue, prosecutors say, was an effort by White, who as a county commissioner
also served (a debatable term here) as chairman of the Public Transportation
Commission, to shake down a wrecker service operator for bribes in return for
permits to haul away impounded vehicles.

So far, so good. This was a bow to traditional, classic graft. Judges' score:
5.5, 6.2, 6.9, with the French judge ruling 2.1 for a total lack of saucy
insouciance.

It should have been a tip-off to White that something might be amiss when a
stranger started showing up at the meetings to discuss pay-offs and asked the
commissioner to speak more clearly into the salt shaker.

In all, the FBI collected 162 audio recordings of White, his pop-pop, the
wrecker operator and the federal informant discussing the commissioner's
baksheesh demands. Ooooops.

The embarrassing part of all this is that, if convicted (insert: Duh, here)
White is looking at many years in the hoosegow for what? A couple thousand
dollars and a 2003 Lincoln Navigator. Who knew selling one's soul could be so
low-rent?

By contrast, disgraced former California Republican Congressman Randy "Duke"
Cunningham pulled an eight-year federal prison sentence for accepting $2.4
million in bribes. The man may be a thief. But at least he thought big.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 30, 2011 Sunday
                              Correction Appended

THE BEST CORRUPT POLS GO FOR STYLE POINTS

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


Forgive me if just a pinch of my Chicago is showing. For although this is
probably a terrible thing to admit, I've always had something of a soft-spot for
corrupt politicians, or at least the ones who took a certain pride in their
venality.

After all, I spent a number of years working in Chicago, where aldermen take the
oath of office and the Miranda Rule at the same time. Indeed, Illinois is a
state where the official governor's portrait is a mug shot. Barring some
last-minute delay in the proceedings, when former Hillsborough County
Commissioner Kevin White goes on trial this week on 10 corruption charges
including bribery, mail fraud, conspiracy, wire fraud, lying to an FBI agent and
basically being a complete dope, I would argue not only should the hapless pol
face of a jury of his peers, but also a sort of Olympic figure-skating panel of
judges awarding style and creativity points for the quality of his profiteering
at the public trough.

Kevin White started out small as a City Council member making his first campaign
for a County Commission seat, by attempting to write off his tailored suits with
campaign funds and listing his haberdasher as a political consultant. Nice
touch: 7.8, 7.9, 8.2, and of course, the French judge rules 9.9. Think of this
as a kind of Spiro Agnew starter kit.

Then came the glory Hillsborough County Commission years, noted first for
White's ham-handed efforts to clumsily seduce a fetching young aide, Alyssa
Ogden, whom he managed to persuade to accompany him to Atlanta on a phony
business trip.

When the hoped for coo-coo-ca-choo failed and Ogden sued for sexual harassment,
White's defense was that he was simply, merely, acting as a pimp to secure
Ogden's favors for aging and dying Florida Sentinel Bulletin publisher C. Blythe
Andrews Jr.

The jury eventually sided with Ogden, awarding her $75,000, while leaving White
looking like a declasse boob, who would sell out one of Tampa's most revered
figures in the African-American community. Bad form: 4.5, 3.7, 2.7, with French
Judge Dominique Strauss-Kahn ruling 9.9.

The current charges against The Man Who Would Be Bling stem from a federal
investigation of White and his late father, Moses. Some men read their kiddos
bedtime stories; Moses regaled his lad with his rap sheet.

At issue, prosecutors say, was an effort by White, who as a county commissioner
also served (a debatable term here) as chairman of the Public Transportation
Commission, to shake down a wrecker service operator for bribes in return for
permits to haul away impounded vehicles.

So far, so good. This was a bow to traditional, classic graft. Judges' score:
5.5, 6.2, 6.9, with the French judge ruling 2.1 for a total lack of saucy
insouciance.

It should have been a tip-off to White that something might be amiss when a
stranger started showing up at the meetings to discuss pay-offs and asked the
commissioner to speak more clearly into the salt shaker.

In all, the FBI collected 162 audio recordings of White, his pop-pop, the
wrecker operator and the federal informant discussing the commissioner's
baksheesh demands. Ooooops.

The embarrassing part of all this is that, if convicted (insert: Duh, here)
White is looking at many years in the hoosegow for what? A couple thousand
dollars and a 2003 Lincoln Navigator. Who knew selling one's soul could be so
low-rent?

By contrast, disgraced former California Republican Congressman Randy "Duke"
Cunningham pulled an eight-year federal prison sentence for accepting $2.4
million in bribes. The man may be a thief. But at least he thought big.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 6, 2011



CORRECTION: CORRECTION: A column Oct. 30 about the pending trial of indicted
former Hillsborough County Commissioner Kevin White incorrectly identified
White's father. Kevin White is the son of the late Gerald White Sr.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 30, 2004, Thursday

Geoffrey Beene

SECTION: Features; 66

LENGTH: 987 words


Geoffrey Beene, fashion designer, was born on August 30, 1927. He died on
September 28, 2004, aged 77.

Independent-minded fashion designer who despised vulgarity and believed that
less is more.

GEOFFREY BEENE was the hidden persuader of American fashion. Remarkably early in
a career which spanned more than 30 years, he turned his back on the venality of
Seventh Avenue and the American fashion media, preferring instead to follow his
own creative urges without compromise. Never allowing his vision to be tarnished
by cheap publicity stunts, fawning acquiescence in the demands of the media or
the desperate search for lucrative secondary lines and licensee deals which
often appear to be the only forces giving American fashion any vibrancy, he
maintained an ironic, detached individuality.

A true outsider, as he grew in confidence and experience, Beene's initial
distaste for the vulgarity of the American fashion scene turned to contempt, and
he had as little as possible to do with it -at least personally. Yet although
his name is barely known in Europe, his influence on American fashion was
considerable and he can be claimed as the true father of US fashion in the 21st
century. For the last 20 years of his life his name was revered in every art
college in America.

Students and young designers were attracted by his cast-iron artistic integrity
as much as by his thoroughly modern approach to designing clothes which reflect
the needs of contemporary life and follow the highest principles of design
logic.

He wielded an unspoken but potent influence on the young that far exceeded that
of his contemporaries whose heavily advertised labels are household names across
the globe.

That is because Beene was a designer, not a merchandiser. The only man in
American fashion worthy to be mentioned in the same breath as the luminaries of
Paris, he gave all his energies to creating his small but perfectly formed -and
executed - collections.

Entirely in tune with the moment and devoid of the atavistic decorative longings
which came to beset so many designers in the last years of the 20th century,
Beene's collections were shown to minute and carefully selected audiences,
invited not to confer prestige but solely for their understanding of fashion.

Uniquely, American Vogue and Women's Wear Daily, twin pillars of the US fashion
establishment, were not invited -which is almost equivalent to holding a royal
garden party without the Queen. Only Beene would dare to be so cavalier.

Geoffrey Beene's entry into fashion was oblique. He was born in Haynesville,
Louisiana, and in the 1940s was a medical student at Tulane University in New
Orleans, and the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, before he moved
to New York to study fashion. He then went to Paris, where he was a student at
the school run by the Chambre Syndicale and also at the Academie Julien. After
various design jobs in the American rag trade, he founded his own fashion house
in 1963.

His experience in Paris, which included a stint with a disciple of Molyneux, had
taught him that elegance came from elimination, and this lesson informed
everything he did. His less-is-more approach was light years ahead of the work
of his contemporaries, and he was praised in the 1970s as a radical fashion
talent of whom Seventh Avenue could be proud.

Nevertheless, his popularity on Seventh Avenue was not enough to protect him in
the crisis which arose over the wedding dress he designed for the daughter of
the President, Lyndon Johnson. Women's Wear Daily demanded details and sketches
to publish before the wedding. Beene, rightly considering it a private
commission, refused to supply them. The result, in a classic case of abuse of
power, was that all mention of Beene was banned trom the publication, and this
imposition remained until his death.

Many another man would have been crippled by the blow -as if a Broadway producer
were permanently ignored by Variety -but Beene's steely determination enabled
him to treat the ban with contempt. That it affected his sales cannot be denied,
but it gave him something which was to prove much more valuable to him as a
creator: the privilege of remaining small and retaining his independence. Unlike
his fellows, he never needed to play the quid pro quo advertising game which
keeps so many designers and magazines going. He was a free agent, something
extremely unusual in fashion.

Without an advertising budget, an American designer obtains little editorial
coverage and this was true of Beene. His name appeared less and less in the
glossies, although he was written about at length in quality newspapers and arts
magazines, which addressed his work as a serious contribution to American
creativity. In truth, he straddled the worlds of fashion and art in a way no
other New York designer could manage, and to be taken seriously in this way by
those whose judgment he respected was a source of pride to a man with a true
sense of his own worth. He was unsullied by conceit, but his ability to dismiss
the meretricious was tempered by an ironic Southern sense of humour which
compelled him to question everything, including himself.

Beene was a rarity. Possessed of a strong intellect, an undeviating purity of
vision and the painstaking obsession of the true craftsman, he was not just a
fashion designer. It is more accurate to call him an industrial designer who
happened to create clothes.

Beene's achievements earned him eight Coty awards (the fashion world's
equivalent of the Oscar); he was chosen designer of the year three times by the
Council of Fashion Designers of America, and in 1994 the Fashion Institute of
Technology honoured him with a 30-year retrospective of his work. He was a
seminal force, of whom it can properly be said, "Beene there; done that" -and he
did it better than any other designer in America.


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              77 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 30, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Campaign Limits And Incumbents

SECTION: Section 4; Page 14; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 74 words



To the Editor:

In his Jan. 26 Op-Ed article, Joel M. Gora wonders why politicians who benefit
from the current system of campaign finance would ever "opt for any meaningful
change." He is, in essence, accusing them of pure venality.

Why, then, should American citizens wish to provide public financing, as Mr.
Gora advocates, for the campaigns of these self-serving politicians?

DAVID NIR
New Haven, Conn., Jan. 27, 2000


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              78 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 3, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

ON THE TRAIL OF A KILLER THE SEARCH FOR THE GREEN RIVER KILLER BY CARLTON; SMITH
AND TOMAS GUILLEN 496 PAGES, ONYX BOOKS, $4.99

BYLINE: Reviewed by Steve Weinberg

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 393 words


MOST TRUE-LIFE crime books are gruesome to read and predictable at the end, when
the killer is caught. This book, a paperback original, is different.  It
dissects the saga of Seattle's Green River Killer, believed to be responsible
for the slayings of at least 49 women from 1982-1984. Most of the women were
young, sexy and prostitutes.  There is plenty of built-in gruesomeness in this
book. Carlton Smith and Tomas Guillen, reporters at the Seattle Times, could
hardly avoid stomach-churning passages when describing so many instances of
sexual assault, mutilation, decomposed bodies and scattered bones.  The
difference is in the resolution of the case: There is no resolution.  The Green
River Killer never has been caught. Nobody who is talking knows for sure who he
is, why he started the murders, why he stopped when he did.  Smith and Guillen
report lots of speculation. In the prologue, they even speculate, in
well-crafted prose, what might have been in the mind of the murderer as he chose
another victim, did his deed, eluded investigators.  They evaluate many
theories, responsible journalists always. They wonder if the killer might be
dead himself. But they do not know.  Like the best true-crime books, this one
examines the complicated sociopolitical systems activated in the aftermath of
murder. Those systems usually involve police officers, prosecutors and defense
lawyers, politicians, families of victims and suspects, and, of course, the
victims and suspects themselves.  Smith and Guillen tell the complicated story
(with at least 49 victims, complications are bound to crop up) through the minds
of the key homicide detectives. But they shift their focus often and well, so
that readers are introduced to all elements.  As contemporary socio-political
studies go, this one is depressing.  Incompetence and venality hampered the
investigation from the beginning.  Murders often are difficult to solve; that
the killer apparently was unacquainted with his victims made this case all the
more difficult. When a killer follows few if any rules, it is fruitless to
investigate by the book.  Maybe someday Smith and Guillen can write a sequel,
telling us how the killer was caught. But as the years pass with the case
unsolved, that appears less and less likely.  Steve Weinberg is an investigative
reporter in Columbia, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              79 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 15, 1988, Monday, City Edition

Asolo rejuvenates a Steinbeck classic

BYLINE: THOMAS B. HARRISON

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Theater Review; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1310 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA



SARASOTA- In the shadowy dusk along the banks of the Salinas River, two    men
stroll wearily into a clearing. They wear the battered hats and    rumpled denim
of migrant workers.

     Savoring the northern California sunset, they share a meal of    canned
beans and speak grandly of owning their own farm.

     The large man, called Lennie, speaks excitedly about feeding the    rabbits
on his dream farm; his childlike fondness for small furry    things is evident
in the way he cradles a dead mouse in his hand. The    older man, George, is
cynical and clearly protective of his huge    friend. He knows the world makes
way grudgingly for men like Lennie and    him. A misstep, a sullen gaze or
disrespectful remark might mean the    loss of a job, jail time, or worse.

     For the moment, however, they are the only two men on Earth. They    talk
quietly, then bed down for the night. In this setting, their    friendship is
uncorrupted by the venality of strangers. It is the last    peace they will
know.      So begins Of Mice and Men, John Steinbeck's novella turned stage
play, which is lovingly interpreted by John Ulmer and the Asolo State
Theater. Ulmer's staging is lean and uncluttered, enhanced by John    Ezell's
magnificent set design and Martin Petlock's equally marvelous    lighting
scheme.

     A capable cast nicely understates much of Steinbeck's ponderous
symbolism in this story of loyalty and dreams unfulfilled. Of Mice and    Men is
often criticized as dated and heavy-handed, and, in truth, much    of the
dialogue hits the floor like an iron bar.

     "I got you to take care a'me; and you got me to take care a'you,"    Lennie
tells George. It is almost that simple in this Depression-era    ballad of
rootlessness.

     Other Steinbeck characters are less clearly delineated, such as the    one
known only as The Boss, or the one called Curley's Wife. As    archetypes, they
do not have names and do not need them.

     This 50-year-old drama is a simple play about complex issues:    isolation,
despair, racism, oppression of the working classes. Dated or    not, Of Mice and
Men is continually revived and reinterpreted for new    generations of
theatergoers.

     The play was staged originally in Broadway's Music Box Theatre,    where it
opened Nov. 23, 1937, with Wallace Ford and Broderick    Crawford. Two years
later, a successful movie version starred Burgess    Meredith and Lon Chaney Jr.
Subsequent film and TV versions have    featured the likes of Robert Blake and
Randy Quaid, and George Segal    and Nicol Williamson. A Broadway revival in
1974 featured James Earl    Jones and Kevin Conway.

     The Asolo's staging is as poignant as you're likely to see at the
regional level. Ulmer is in charge of a steady ensemble, whose    individual
deliveries are clean and spare, like the lyrics of a Woody    Guthrie tune.
(Preston Boyd provides the musical arrangements, and the    voice.)        The
principal flaw in the Asolo production is Eric Tavares'    performance as
George. Tavares, the Asolo's man for all seasons, seems    miscast as Lennie's
"wiry, intelligent" protector. It isn't a matter    of timing or diction,
although Tavares was clearly more at ease in a    tuxedo in The Perfect Party.
Tavares appeared to be distracted on    opening night. He occasionally tripped
over his lines or garbled them    altogether, as though he were grasping at
George's emotional center.

     Fortunately, Tavares is surrounded by capable actors, notably Parry    B.
Stewart as the mammoth Lennie. This bearded giant earns our    compassion
without begging for it, especially in his toughest scenes -    with the
bully-boy Curley (Robert G. Bubon) and Curley's tartish wife    (Jeanne Waters).

 The character of Lennie has been played more    spectacularly but seldom more
gracefully.

     The grand supporting cast starts with Wyman Pendleton, who evokes
memories of Walter Brennan as Candy, the lonely cripple who loses his
lifelong companion, a dog.

    Waters is appropriately slinky as Curley's wife, but she allows us a
glimpse beneath the lipstick and rouge, into the soul of a desperate    woman.
Her dream is Hollywood and "th' pic'turs."

     "I ain't meant to live like this," she tells Lennie before their
climactic moment. "I come from Salinas."

    You may be amazed at the power in Karl Redcoff's finely understated
performance as The Boss. Redcoff delivers his few lines with a ringing
authority.

     Equally impressive is LeRoy Mitchell Jr., who is the embodiment of
bitterness as Crooks, the black stablehand. During the crucial scene in    his
secluded quarters - he is segregated from the all-white bunkhouse -    he
listens as Lennie drones on about his and George's fantasy. Finally,    Crooks
sighs.

     "It's jus' like Heaven," he says. "Nobody gets to Heaven, an'    nobody
gets no land."

     As the foreman Slim, Michael James Laird conveys quiet strength    with a
gaze or a few well-chosen words. He is the one man Curley truly    fears. For
his part, Bubon makes Curley the kind of loudmouthed punk we    can comfortably
despise.

      Bradford Wallace (Carlson) and Christopher Dolman (Whit) are less
successful, although Dolman earns some honest laughter with his boyish
jabbering about the splendor of the local whorehouse.

      One performer who likely won't get much press is the speckled mutt    that
plays Candy's faithful companion. In one of the play's poignant    moments,
Carlson persuades Candy to give up his toothless dog. Sadly,    the old man
complies. On opening night, the dog gazed up at Pendleton    with heartbreaking
canine affection.

     Recent productions at the Asolo have reflected a    style-over-substance
approach: The sets and costumes have been    terrific, while the plays have
ranged from so-so to dreadful. In this    instance, form follows function.
Ezell's set design has a gritty,    timeless feel that is just right for Ulmer's
humanistic approach to the    material.

     The melding of Ezell's design and Petlock's lighting is most    evident
during the opening scene, when we meet George and Lennie on the    banks of the
Salinas. Almost imperceptibly, the burnt-orange sun slips    into the
silhouettes of trees along the blue-green river.

     By play's end, the shadows begin to lengthen and resemble shapeless
forms we have seen before, shifting and resettling like patterns in a
kaleidoscope. In 1937, Steinbeck's shadows represented the rootlessness    of
migrant workers. Fifty years later, another generation of displaced    persons
is with us.

     A writer of Steinbeck's proletarian sensibilities undoubtedly would    note
the irony. Did the Asolo audience give it a thought?



 Of Mice and Men

 Playwright: John Steinbeck    Cast: Parry B. Stewart, Eric Tavares, Wyman
Pendleton, Karl Redcoff,    Bradford Wallace, Michael James Laird, Robert G.
Bubon, Jeanne Waters,    Christopher Dolman, LeRoy Mitchell Jr.    Director:
John Ulmer    Set design: John Ezell      Lighting: Martin Petlock    Costumes:
Ainslie G. Bruneau    Music: Preston Boyd    Sound: Bert Taylor    Stage
management: Marian Wallace     Presented through April 15 by the Asolo State
Theater in Sarasota.

 For ticket information, call 355-5137.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Eric Tavares, Parry B. Stewart and Wyman Pendleton star in
Asolo version of Of Mice and Men

                            Times Publishing Company


                              80 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Business

                               September 16, 2001

SPACE WARS AT YOUR DESK

BYLINE: Martin Baker;

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 1234 words


F

or far too many people, the term office space is a modern-day oxymoron on a par
with phrases such as "stable relationship" or "job satisfaction".

Apart from those in the most senior employment levels, workers feel that offices
do not provide "space", so much as feelings of personal restriction, according
to office designers and ergonomics experts.

What is the space you work in? According to one Californian design firm,
Interspace, "your office or home is the 'stage' on which you will be playing out
all the major roles of your life. It is in the spotlight for your guests or
associates to see and judge you on a daily basis. It either supports and
reinforces your self image or sends distracting, conflicting signals to the
world about you".

Some would argue that this is a benign take on what is, in many cases, a frantic
scrabble to assert status, power and privilege. The battle for office or desk
space can generate a kind of first-day-at-the-sales competitiveness and venality
that usually mean huge management problems.

The issues vary across levels of seniority. They are different at the top end of
an office hierarchy - senior players vie for the best views and other spatial
benefits, imagined or real. At the bottom and middle, the fighting is probably
even more intense and tends to focus on the simple issue of the amount of space
and privacy. In most cases, the dogfight boils down to office or cube.

Kathy Castro, a computer industry executive from San Francisco, spent several
years at a major software firm in California. She recalls that the process of
deciding which employees sat where was fraught with difficulties. "Anyone who
managed people, or was an individual contributor above a certain level, got an
office," she says. "This was a hard and fast rule and, even if there were empty
offices, people were not allowed to move into them unless they met the criteria.
I estimate the overall ratio of cubes to offices is 3:1 in the US - in Britain
it is much, much higher - more like 15:1."

Castro believes that the ill-feeling generated by the office/cube divide
prompted management to go for expensive redesign and building changes for
subsequent offices. "It was really ugly deciding who had to sit in a cube -
obviously, lots of low-level individual contributors were going to be in
offices, so people got really upset if they got assigned a cube," she says.

"That building was the first in a six-building complex, so when they put up the
subsequent buildings they flipped the ratio, ripped out lots of planned offices
and turned them into cube farms so that cubes didn't have such a stigma
attached."

Jonathan Lea, finance director of Coats, the global fabrics business that also
owns the Jaeger and Viyella fashion houses, has also experienced the management
problems associated with what is known as "space squeeze".

Coats has been paring its cost base recently and Lea discovered that a squeeze
in the level of creature comforts caused a few pips to squeak. "We had to crunch
one office into three and it took quite a lot of selling to staff. There was a
degree of resistance," he says. "For example, we had people coming back from
overseas where they had been running things to find themselves not with an
office, but a desk."

Coats uses cubicles and offices, but there are cubicles and cubicles,
apparently. "We have two grades of office cubicles and offices for those on the
executive board. We justify that on the grounds that board members occasionally
need confidentiality. My own office is half the size of my old one."

At Bloomberg, the global financial information company, space constraints in the
showcase New York office were causing a problem. One morning, newsroom staff
entered the building to find things slightly different. The chief executive,
Mike Bloomberg, had ordered 12 inches hacked off each desk to fit more in,
leaving just enough space on each for a computer, keyboard and phone.

The gradations are seemingly infinite and a common vice of old-fashioned
management. The Co-Operative Bank, for all its egalitarian roots, was famous for
the way it graded employees' desks according to size and colour. "In the 1980s,
it was a big status thing to have a desk of a certain colour and size. It meant
that people could see exactly where you were in the scheme of things at a
glance," one former employee says.

Ergonomics professionals argue that many managers still remember the downturn of
the late 1980s and early 1990s and are over-cautious about committing to space,
thus creating space-squeeze. While this is reminiscent of the stockbroker
talking his own book (the bigger the office, after all, the larger the fee),
there does seem to be some evidence that this is the case. "Cautious corporate
senior management who were burned when the boom days of the 1980s wound down are
afraid to commit.

The thought process is that 'it is better to squeeze more people into existing
space than get stuck with a long-term real- estate lease if the economy tanks',"
says William Krebs, a facilities strategist and designer at Workplace Change
Enablers in Philadelphia.

At the upper end of the scale, it is more about position rather than space,
according to Chris Watson, a partner at leading City law firm Allen & Overy.
Watson remembers the scramble for position at an earlier firm with wry
amusement. "You could say that they all wanted to have a corner office," he
says. "I think it was something to do with having their backs protected and not
feeling they had to look out for enemies. There were other big players, the more
elegant and sophisticated ones in my view, who were happy with an office in the
middle of a floor."

The Interspace theory of an office as a showcase or spotlight is reinforced by
the antics of two senior executives at a large and fast-growing London media
company. "These guys have offices in opposite corners and our theory is that
they're competing for office space," says a company insider. "They're grown men
who work closely together and apparently get on well, but you can see there's a
tension between them with their perfectly counterbalanced, diametrically opposed
offices. I just hope it's a creative tension."

Sometimes the tension that space allocation creates can be counter-productive.
One company employee reports a story that, for obvious reasons, requires him to
remain anonymous.

"At our place, the office occupancy rule is that you must have at least three
people reporting to you to get an office," he says. "I witnessed something not
too long ago that blew my mind - someone transferred into one group from
another, and he didn't have any direct reports, but did have a big ego. He was
sitting in a cube and you could see it annoying him every day he had to sit
there. So, he arranged with his manager, a friend who had arranged his transfer,
to get some direct reports from someone else in the group, who would then have
none, but was sitting in an office.

"Since he now had the direct reports, and the other person didn't, he kicked the
guy whose reports he'd taken out of his office. Then he moved in - and fired the
people reporting to him and yet didn't move out of the office."

The management moral is clear: if you are allocating space in any office,
whether you get a corner position or not, you are going to have to watch your
back.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Sunday Business Group


                              81 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 14, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

THIS HAS BEEN A TOUGH WEEK FOR SEVERAL RELIGIONS

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: METRO; Bill McClellan Column; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 654 words


What a tough week for the Roman Catholic Church. John Gotti died.

Here in St. Louis, we knew him only as a mob boss from New York who spent his
final days in Missouri at the federal prison hospital in Springfield. Before
that, he'd been at Marion doing a life sentence for a series of crimes that
included five murders. It turns out, though, that not everyone thought he was
such a bad fellow. After he died, a representative of the Diocese of Brooklyn
announced that although he would not be given a funeral Mass, he would be buried
in a Roman Catholic cemetery. He would be interred in the mausoleum that holds
his son, Frank, who was killed at the age of 12 when a neighbor's car struck the
boy's minibike. The neighbor, John Favara, disappeared after the accident and is
believed to have been murdered.

There was, predictably, a bit of an outcry about the church's decision. Some
critics wondered if the decision had anything to do with the fact that the Gotti
family has given the church a lot of money over the years.

This dispute has not gotten much publicity, for the sad reason that venality is
the least of the sins of which the church stands accused these days. At this
very moment, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops is meeting in Dallas, and
the focus of the conference is the sexual abuse scandal in which the church is
currently embroiled. More than 200 priests have resigned or been removed this
year because of allegations of sexual abuse. Most of the allegations seem to
involve young boys.

"These are not pedophile priests. Most of the victims are teen-agers." That's
what the church's defenders are saying. What a novel defense.

The bishops, by the way, are staying at the ritziest, most expensive hotel in
Dallas.

But if you want to talk about an apparent disconnect between a simple carpenter
and his followers, how 'bout them Southern Baptists? This was a tough week for
them, too.

They had their convention here, and that meant their usual tussle with
supporters of gay rights. The Southern Baptists seem to take an unseemly pride
in their intolerance of gays. I've never understood this particular phobia.
There are, I know, some theologians who claim that homosexuality is a lifestyle
choice, and I'm not questioning their sincerity. To these theologians, it may be
a choice, but most of us are what we are, and could no more choose our sexual
preference than we could our height.

Of course, the tussle with the supporters of gay rights was expected. What
wasn't expected was the verbal assault on Islam. The former president of the
Southern Baptists said Muhammad was a "demon-possessed pedophile." The incoming
president defended those remarks.

I hate to be sappy about this, but what about that love-thy-neighbor stuff?

Not surprisingly, Muslims were outraged at the attack on their religion, and I
don't blame them. This is a tough time for Muslims.

Islam might be a very tolerant faith, but it doesn't always appear that way to
infidels. Iran was the first country to adopt an Islamic government, and the
first thing I can remember that government doing was issuing a death decree
against writer Salmon Rushdie because the leaders didn't like his book. Wait.
That wasn't the first thing. The first thing was the attack on the U.S. Embassy.

More to the point, the 9-11 attacks were the work of devout Muslims. So were the
bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa. And the attack on the Cole. And the
foiled plan to bomb Los Angeles International Airport. And the alleged plan to
explode a "dirty" bomb in a major U.S. city. I could go on, but you get the
idea. It's easy to see how non-Muslims could have certain reservations about
Islam.

Then again, it's easy to see how people could have reservations about the
Southern Baptists. Or the Roman Catholics. Oh well, in the words of Charles
Dickens' Tiny Tim, "God bless us every one."

That would be a welcome change.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: STLtoday.com/McClellan bmcclellan@post-dispatch.com

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              82 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             January 4, 2010 Monday
                                 First Edition

movies;
Wednesday January 6

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 521 words


Silence, We're Rolling

(2001) SBS One, 1pm

Arab pop diva Latifa is aptly cast as a rich and famous singer, Malak. Malak's
husband has tired of her and her career and initiated divorce proceedings so he
can embark upon a dalliance with his wife's best friend. She responds by
plunging into a doomed affair with the raffish young toy boy and nascent cad
Lamei. Friends and family, aware he is a dud, try to convince Malak to end the
liaison. Her granny strives to set her up with a scriptwriter, Alphi
Whatsitallaboud, and she has to deal with her daughter Paula's infatuation with
a radical intellectual. It falls to Alphi to open Malak's eyes to the predatory
peregrinations of the louche Lamei and to initiate a clever strategy that will
scupper his rival and force Malak to appreciate his own longings. Youssef
Chahine's film has the feel of a 1930s Hollywood comedy and features some lively
performances.

The Magnificent Ambersons

(1942) ABC1, 12.35am (Thur)

It's not exactly akin to hanging the Mona Lisa in the dunny at the Matthew
Talbot Hostel but the despairing treatment this masterpiece received at the
hands of RKO studio grinders smacks of woeful ignorance as much as it does of
wilful venality. After its initial screening, which didn't exactly have 'em
cheering in the aisles (there was some jeering), Orson Welles's film was
recalled and hacked down from 131 minutes to 88 minutes by Robert Wise - Welles
had already pruned 17 minutes - and a new ending written by some unknown
supernumerary was tacked on. Adding further insult to vandalism, RKO released
the butchered film as the support feature to second-run, B-grade comedies in the
Mexican Spitfire series. Despite its excisions, the surviving mutilation remains
a work of significance. It relates the fluctuating fortunes of Eugene Morgan
(Joseph Cotten), who loves Isabel but loses her to Wilbur Minafer, a member of
the exceedingly rich and prestigious Amberson family - an Indianapolis clan of
wealth and clout. After some years, Morgan, by now the inventor of a viable
automobile and a widower, returns to Indiana with his daughter, Lucy (Anne
Baxter). Isabel's husband dies soon after and Eugene attempts to reignite their
old passion but George Amberson (Tim Holt), a headstrong and haughty young
layabout, conspires to prevent his mother having any dealing with her old
paramour, despite the fact that he is himself besotted with Lucy. She rejects
him as a wastrel and a loafer. The Amberson dynasty is withering but truculence,
jealousy and bitterness conspire to thwart true love and decency as tragedy
prevails.

Autumn Spring

(2001) SBS Two, 10.45pm

Live until you die. An admirable outlook that helps make life precious but which
makes problems for those around 75-year-old Frantisek Hana, who has a touch of
the Peter Pans and a reluctance to grow old gracefully or act his age. His
long-suffering wife, Emilie, is forever badgering Frantisek to act more
responsibly but perhaps his spirit will prove invaluable when his ungrateful
son, who is aware that the old man is withering, tries to have his parents
consigned to a retirement home/departure lounge.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Hacked to bits ... Dolores Costello and Tim Holt in The
Magnificent Ambersons.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             April 9 1988, Saturday

Cooling the hot gospeller: Jesse Jackson's Wisconsin setback

BYLINE: LEWIS LAPHAM

SECTION: Issue 63051.

LENGTH: 1187 words


'What matters most about political ideas is the underlying emotions, the music
to which the ideas are mere libretto, often of very inferior quality.' - Sir
Lewis Namier.

The American media like to play with presidential candidates as the Homeric gods
once played with the heroes on the plains of Troy - visiting them with rosy
dreams, jerking them up and down on the strings of the opinion polls, killing
them for sport. Given the media's presumptions of omnipotence as well as their
delight in melodrama, the Rev Jesse Jackson's loss in Wisconsin works to his
advantage. Suddenly becoming a far less ominous persona, he regains the
privileges of a holy fool.


At least until the New York primary on April 19, the media can safely re-assign
him the task of keeping the nation's conscience. Now that it looks as if Jackson
cannot possibly win the nomination at the Democratic convention in Atlanta in
July, let him say whatever he wants to say about the desolation of the American
soul, about 'economic violence' and corporate greed, about the venality of the
Reagan administration and the heartlessness of a plutocracy that so blandly
accepts, as the price of its comfort, the higher rates of poverty and crime.

Let the gentleman make his fine speeches because, with any luck and the right
sort of camera angle, his speeches won't cause any more trouble, and nobody will
have to ask awkward questions about the gentleman's history as a demagogue and
his sleights-of-hand with public money.

In the strict sense of the word, Jesse Jackson isn't a politician at all - he is
a preacher obliged to dress up his sermon in the language of politics because
thast is the language in which the media measure the worth of his good news.
Like the Rev Jimmy Swaggart, Jackson brings the faithful a message of hope and
salvation, promising, as Jimmy Carter promised, to redeem the country, not ot
govern it. He speaks in rhymes and metaphors, improvising riffs on the theme of
paradise regained, and his audiences shout and clap and stomp their feet.

Despite his credentials as opportunist and confidence man, much of what Jackson
says is both eloquent and true. He plumbs the well springs of the nations's
uneasiness and discontent, giving shape to a feeling of indignation and a sense
that something has gone seriously wrong with the American order of values. He
speaks for an electorate insulted by the petty criminals holding public office
and stifled with the cant published in a national press become as timid as its
owners.

Being black, Jackson represents in his person condition of people suppressed by
a government that serves, tirelessly and with an unctuous smile, the interests
of the rich. The only candidate in either party to use the words 'liberty' and
'justice', Jackson voices the sentiments once thought to be traditional among
politicians who presumed to represent the aspirations of the common people.

He retains his licence to say what he pleases as long as his words remain
figures of speech, as long as everybody understands that he doesn't care who
writes the libretto, or what the lyrics mean. Had any white politician travelled
around the country making comparable announcements, the press would have hounded
him with relentless questions. By and large, the press said nothing about
Jackson's subtle playing on the instruments of racial hatred and racial fear,
nor did it inquire to closely into the sources of his campaign funds. The voices
of respectable opinion kept silent because hardly anybody took Jackson
seriously. His rhetoric was construed as a form of entertainment. Watching him
play politics was like watching the Harlem Globetrotters play basketball. Nobody
kept the score.

By excusing Jackson from the responsibility expected of a white politician, the
media displayed not only its cowardice but also its own implicit racism. Because
Jackson was black, he enjoyed The privileges of an infant. He was somebody to be
humoured and condescended to, somebody whose words didn't count. But in Michigan
in late March the facade of broadminded tolerance collapsed like a row of
tenements in a city slum. Jackson won the Michigan caucuses and seized 55 per
cent of the vote in a state that was supposed to show better sense. The
spectacle of so many young and earnest farmers crowding into the preacher's
gaudy tent prompted a feeling of panic within the nation's political and press
establishments. Suddenly it occurred to everybody who was anybody that Jackson
could carry off the Democratic nomination. What would they do then?

Jackson's nomination would clearly wreck the Democratic party; on the further
and more preposterous assumption that the fellow were to be elected president,
what would become of Western civilization?

If he were to make good on even half his promises (about doubling the education
budget, dismantling the national arsenal, raising tax on profits, providing
medical services to anybody in need), the federal government would soon find
itself reduce to penury.

The more terrified functionaries imagined scenes of Saturnalia in the White
House, Jackson, like the Emperor Jones, tricked up in a coat of many colours and
flinging the nation's treasure to a mob of shiftless remittance men. Every
newspaper columnist with pretensions of liberalism felt obliged to explain that
it wasn't Jackson's colour that troubled him (Heaven knows, not that), but his
lack of experience in the councils of state. The preacher had never commanded
even a platoon of bureaucrats; what was he to do with a regiment or a division?

A television correspondent noticed that Jackson's economic libretto was
incoherent, and a few downright spiteful reportes thought it presumptions of him
to open lines of diplomatic communications with Manuel Noriega in Panama. An
anonymous source suggested that Jackson was casting himself as the leader of a
Third World nation that happened to be located within the boundaries of the
continental United States.

Under this interpretation, Jackson appears before the faithful as an American
Nkrumah or Tshombe, a charismatic figure in a safari suit embracing Fidel
Castro, making overtures to the Sandinistas and the PLO, not on behalf of the
United States but on behalf of the imaginary state of Amerique la Noire.

After this week's loss in Wisconsin (which could be preceived as a loss only
because of the exaggerated expectations imposed on the election by the media),
the criticism dwindled away to a chronic muttering.

From the time being it looks as if the Democratic nomination will be remanded to
the back rooms of a brokered convention. Back where it safely and properly
belongs - among the dealers in influence and the friends of hypocrisy. Jackson
will demand some sort of ransom, and he won't be easy to deal with, but if the
white boys mind their manners and remember to mention John Coltrane, they might
persuade him to play his horn on the street corners in November, ringing in a
crowd with a jazz rendition of the old-time political gospel.

The author is Editor of Harper's Magazine.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              84 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

OPINION: Even Tulsa shares our eco-wacko tendencies

BYLINE: Robert Price, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 2923 words


April 11--Reader: Wow-ee! What a load of eco-wacko baloney on the front page of
the Sunday (April 6) paper -- "Study: Spikes in toxicity rarely recorded." The
Californian, in sympathy with ultra-left activists, hits us with a scare-tactic
assault on hydraulic fracturing -- "fracking" -- as applied to potentially
productive hydrocarbon zones.

The piece cites a "peer-reviewed" study conducted by the Southwest Pennsylvania
Environmental Health Project. To a discerning skeptic (like an editor?) words
like would, should, can be, people report, scientists don't fully understand,
little is known about are hints that something is amiss. In this case, what's
amiss is a concoction of supposition, prevarication, hyperbole and
grant-pandering by dedicated anti-natural gas Luddites supported by such
left-wing moneybags as the Claneil Foundation and the Heinz Endowment, among
others. (The chairman of the latter is ketchup heiress and lefty billionairess
Teresa Heinz Kerry, spouse of bumbling gigolo John Kerry).

The article was distributed in InsideClimate News (formerly SolveClimate News),
a propaganda vehicle for radical environmentalism and hardly an impeccable
source. Sure, it was awarded a Pulitzer recently, but that is less testimony of
its veracity than it is more affirmation of the buffoonery in journalism these
days.

I don't know how the new executive director can justify featuring such drivel,
but to my mind it can't be gullibility -- rather it's venality. The Californian
owes its readers a full explanation of the underlying deceit contained in the
article and why it chose to defile ink and paper with its publication.

-- Hank Londean

Price: I can't believe I bought into that whole Pulitzer Prize mumbo-jumbo,
Hank. And I'm embarrassed to have so naively believed that peer-review
gibberish, even if it is the basis for the responsible advancement of virtually
all scientific theory. As soon as I'm finished with the self-flagellation you
prescribe, I'll be firing off chastising letters to all of the liberal media
lackeys like me who also published the story -- the Chicago Tribune, Miami
Herald, Hartford Courant, Florida Sun-Sentinel, Charlotte Observer, Tulsa World
-- yes, The Tulsa World, which, like The Californian, serves an
oil-and-gas-producing region situated in one of the most conservative places of
the country. My list of complicit and/or easily duped media organizations also
includes The Texas Energy Report and the Kentucky Coal Association. It should be
clear by now that this anti-American, flag-hating, Birkenstock-wearing
conspiracy is worse than we thought.

Either that, or rational, fair-minded people come from all political persuasions
and business backgrounds. It seems possible that even those who make their
living mining fossils fuels, or serve the people who make their living mining
fossil fuels, have a genuine interest in the possible consequences of their
pursuits -- even if it's only to prepare intelligent rebuttals to those
findings.

I asked Joe Worley, executive editor of the Tulsa World Media Co., whose paper
published the story on its Sunday Science page -- and received no complaints
that he's aware of -- for his thoughts. "Obviously, the debate in Oklahoma about
fracking is important," he wrote, "but most sides contribute in reasonable ways
to the debate."

That was our thinking when we put the story in last Sunday's paper. We weren't
thumbing our noses at one of this area's two most important industries. We were
informing readers whose interest in the subject runs -- or ought to run -- a
little deeper than the cursory.

I've responded to your guilt-by-association charges with an
endorsement-by-association counterargument. What I should have first pointed out
is how utterly devoid of factual or statistical refutation your letter is with
regard to the study's actual findings.

The article says the study found that the "most commonly used air monitoring
techniques often underestimate public health threats because they don't catch
toxic emissions that spike at various points during gas production." Perhaps you
know enough about the characteristics of natural gas extraction to justify your
reservations about the study's validity. Perhaps your knowledge of air
monitoring techniques is extraordinary. You don't say. I have no doubt you're
better informed in those areas than I am, though. But I do believe there's value
in informing the public that somebody who understands those processes well has
discovered possible areas of concern. Some of the study's conclusions -- that
the U.S. needs uniformity of measurement among the states, better tools for
evaluation and further study on the subject -- hardly strike me as "eco-wacko
baloney."

Call me gullible if you want, Hank, but venal? As in receptive to bribery? Wow.
That's what I'd call putting a cherry on top of an ad hominem argument for the
ages.

Reader: I really don't understand why there is so much in the paper about Merle
Haggard. Merle Haggard's childhood home, Merle Haggard Way (which, btw ... will
always be 7th Standard Road to me), Merle Haggard EVERYTHING!

Really, the man lived here for a couple of years AS A CHILD. Big deal. Why not
emphasize the people who actually live here and care about our city?

I'm not talking about the ones who stand to receive financial gain by
monopolizing services, or the ones who supposedly represent us in government.
But the ones who try to make this a swell place to live. The pastors, the people
who volunteer to serve the homeless, the people who work hard in the trenches,
as it were. Flood Bakersfield Ministries is one. CASA. The folks at Teen
Challenge. The mission. This is but the tip of the iceberg.

Last weekend good folks were out in droves serving Oildale in the I Love Oildale
project. Not one word was written about that. But the Hag, who probably sits in
his (not Kern County) home laughing at all the gullible people here giving him
accolades that he doesn't deserve.

I am not saying that you have not covered Flood or CASA, or the others. ...
(The) point is that there are a lot of people here that make a difference in
small and large ways. Merle Haggard is not one of them.

-- Susan Castro

Price: A couple things, Susan. Merle Haggard lived here a lot longer than two
years. Maybe you're thinking of former Bakersfield resident George W. Bush, who
lived just off Mount Vernon Avenue as a toddler. (But probably not. Neither of
those two has ever been mistaken for the other, as far as I know.) Haggard was
born at what is now Kern Medical Center in 1937 and lived in the Bakersfield
area more or less continuously until January 1977, when he moved to the Lake
Shasta area. Excluding his approximately two years in San Quentin State Prison,
a year in Las Vegas and assorted other brief adventures, that's almost 40 years.

Your point that we should "emphasize the people who actually live here and care
about our city" is a good one -- so good that we make a habit of it. Just in the
past week we've written about the organizers of the Kern County Cancer Fund and
their Campout Against Cancer, and Susan Ferguson, who was an energetic and
influential volunteer for the American Cancer Society for the last 18 years of
her life. Giving people are in abundance in Kern County, and it's not tough to
find articles about them in The Californian.

But back to your main point: Have we had an awful lot of Haggard in The
Californian lately? Well, yes. He performed a sold-out show here last month, was
honored by the Academy of Country Music last Sunday (his 77th birthday), and in
between has been in the local news because a group of fans is trying to raise
money to buy the converted boxcar home where he spent a portion of his youth and
move it to the Kern County Museum.

Here's my take: All of the attention given Merle Haggard recently is about much
more than Merle Haggard. It's about an era that put Bakersfield on the
pop-culture map, eventually faded from prominence, and, with a blizzard of new
books on the Bakersfield Sound and its characters now flooding the market, is
now enjoying something of a renaissance. For further proof look no further than
the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum's Bakersfield Sound exhibit, now
entering its third year in Nashville.

To an extent, the attention on Haggard also is a reflection of the collective
sense that we may have taken his musical contemporary, Buck Owens, for granted
during the last years of his life. We took Haggard for granted for years, too,
though it may be hard to remember these days amid all the tributes. Again, the
man is 77.

Another thing: I think it's important to recognize world-renowned, home-grown
artists, no matter what their genre or speciality and regardless of their civic
involvement. My favorite comparison, and I've written about this before, is
Fresno novelist and playwright William Saroyan.

Both Saroyan, who died in 1981, and Haggard were born within a few steps of
railroad tracks. Both lost their fathers as young boys. Both were blessed with
the ability to fashion poetry from the mundane. And both availed themselves to
legendary excesses as young men, much to the chagrin of their long-suffering
mothers.

Yet, in 1984, Fresno saw fit to name the William Saroyan Theatre in his honor,
erecting a bronze bust of Saroyan at the entrance to the building. (There's a
statue of Saroyan in Yerevan, Armenia, too.) Nobody asks what Fresno charities
Saroyan supported.

People like Haggard and Saroyan make the people of the San Joaquin Valley -- a
place some might consider culturally barren -- producers of art as well as
consumers of art. People like Haggard and Saroyan prove that the wellspring of
poetry and grace (along with other, more pedestrian forms of expression) bubbles
forth here too. I suspect Haggard's long wait for local recognition had
something to do with the perception that the literary achievements of an
Armenian-American essayist represented higher art than that of an Okie-American
songwriter whose themes include poverty, prison and drinkin'.

I completely understand your point, though, Susan. We'll try to rein it in a
little. Haggard himself might be getting tired of it by now.

Reader: I dislike the word "alleged" in news reports. My linguist son for years
has insisted that "literally" is the most inexact and overused word. I agreed
with him until this morning when I opened my Californian and read the blaring
headline, "Alleged hit man tied to Kern Deaths."

Alleged? Seems to me that when a person makes an incriminating statement, it's
called an admission. No newspaper in the world need fear being sued over
accurately reporting a perp made an admission. Better -- "Admitted hit man tied
to Kern Deaths."

-- Pete Carton

Price: I, too, agree with your son. "Literally" is grossly overused and often
wrongly used. We see things like "I was literally jumping out of my skin" on a
pretty regular basis.

I disagree with you on "allegedly," though. Just because a suspect admits to
something doesn't mean he won't plead not guilty. In fact, it doesn't even mean
he actually committed the deed. People confess to crimes they didn't really
commit surprisingly often. There's also that presumption-of-innocence thing
we're all supposed to be paying attention to.

"Allegedly" gets in the way of sentence flow, though, I'll give you that. We can
couch things and honor our ethical obligation not to "convict" suspects by
writing "police say" or "prosecutors claim" or similar phrasing. But within the
limited confines of a headline, it's tough to beat "allegedly."

Reader: In the April 5 Sound Off, there was a reference to President Obama's
"famously false promise." ("If you like your doctor, you'll be able to keep your
doctor; if you like your health plan, you'll be able to keep your heath care
plan.") The way I look at it is that President Obama can look forward to
receiving the "Profiles in Courage" Award for reversing his position and
breaking his promise just as former President George H.W. Bush recently received
it for his famous broken promise, "Read my lips: no new taxes."

-- Sidney Kelley

Price: I don't think that instance of promise-breaking on Obama's part is in the
same category as Bush's. First, the details of Bush's award, from the Boston
Globe of March 27: "Former President George H.W. Bush has been selected to
receive a Profile in Courage award from the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation
for agreeing to a 1990 budget deal that would raise taxes, despite previously
pledging not to raise them, the foundation said today.

"The annual award is presented to public servants who have made courageous
decisions without regard for personal or professional consequences. ..."

When Bush memorably pledged not to raise taxes, I believe he truly intended to
not raise taxes. Reality has a way messing with political promises, though, and
Bush paid a steep price even though he did the only responsible thing he
evidently thought he could do: raise taxes to help square the budget. His
mistake wasn't so much raising taxes as it was saying he wouldn't, two years
earlier.

However, it was different when Obama declared that under the ACA you can "keep
your doctor." Many critics, no doubt including some supporters of the ACA, will
maintain that he was mischaracterizing, either willfully or ignorantly, the
terms of a law that was already in place -- one that he himself had helped
create.

Reader: I don't usually write, reply or comment about articles or columns I read
in the newspaper, but after reading Sound Off on page B1 this past Saturday, I
decided it was important.

The comment about the photograph showing President Obama and Lenora Alvarado
essentially said: "How dare you run a photograph like that?"

I see it differently, and applaud The Bakersfield Californian for running such a
powerful photograph of a moment frozen in time. As a
photographer/photojournalist for 35 years, I understand how a photograph has the
power to say in images what words cannot.

This picture is a perfect example. Let me explain. This photograph shows
interest, compassion and a connection between the president and Alvarado that
the viewer can only imagine, and begs to ask what happened as the shutter
clicked. In a singular moment a daughter receives honor and glory on behalf of
her father while the president shares pride in the honored citizen of a beloved
nation.

The photo shows them both with their eyes closed. How often do we make the
mistake of judging without looking beyond our preconceived opinions?

I say, bravo, because for once we actually feel a very special connection to a
real moment, which is what makes a great picture. Look at it again and try to
imagine what both were thinking right when the shutter clicked.

-- Layne Morgan

Price: You're right: We're constantly judging without looking beyond our
preconceived opinions. Last year we ran a small photo of a fiery-looking Paul
Ryan speaking into a microphone at a congressional hearing. I thought it made
him look rather leader-like, but we received several complaints from readers who
assumed our liberal editors had selected it because Ryan had his mouth open.

Reader: Thanks for the photo info (on the selection process that gave readers
that eyes-closed Obama shot), but I'm afraid, like the pitted prune, it's still
rather badly wrinkled. So many photos -- so few choices. In the old film days,
photographers would submit rolls of undeveloped film to editors who would have
them developed (slides or contact print sheets) for careful perusal. These days,
photographers review the digital images and decide for themselves (in many
cases, I understand) which ones to submit electronically to an editor.

Forgoing editorial review and subsequently deleting images they believe to be
inconsequential may be depriving society of untold resources --e.g. the infamous
image of Clinton hugging Monica Lewinsky was taken by Dirck Halstead, on film.
He found it after a laborious search and lamented that it probably would have
been deleted from a digital device. Food for thought.

And while we're on the subject of photos, (husband) Jack noticed that the dove
(April 4, by Casey Christie) was not a mourning dove but an Eurasian
Collared-Dove. He wanted me to Sound Off about it but I told him I didn't want
to "hog" the space and that some other reader would catch it. Who knew he would
become an amateur bird watcher in his old age?

-- Pam Wildermuth

Price: The digital age has been a wonder in terms of its ability to streamline
our workload but it also has its downsides, and you have accurately described
one.

Give my thanks to Jack for the clarification. He is correct, and one of only two
readers I know of who spotted the error.

Reader: Dear Steve (Levin, assistant city editor): Just wanted to thank you for
the very thoughtful memorial for our friend and colleague Duane Moore. You
captured the essence of the man he was. Thanks again.

-- Danny Kane

Price: Thanks, Danny. Yes, Steve's story on Duane Moore, the local Democratic
leader who died of cancer April 1, was another gem.

Executive Editor Robert Price and The Californian welcome your comments and
suggestions. To offer your input by phone, please call 395-7649 and leave your
comments in a voice-mail message or send an email to soundoff@bakersfield.com
Please include your name and phone number. Phone numbers and addresses won't be
published.

___ (c)2014 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140411-BK-OPINION-Even-Tulsa-shares-our-eco-wacko-tendencies-0411-20140411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2014 The Bakersfield Californian


                              85 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 22, 2001 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A NATION CHALLENGED: THE DISCOURSE;
Will Real Life Supplant Desire For Reality TV?

BYLINE:  By ALESSANDRA STANLEY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1135 words


It seemed this week as if the World Trade Center disaster, like a plague of
Egypt, had stripped off layers of the city's narcissism and venality, leaving
grief-stricken, fearful residents cleansed of the era's more frivolous
preoccupations.

Friends e-mailed one another a poem by W. H. Auden that begins:

September 1, 1939

I sit in one of the dives

On Fifty-second Street

Uncertain and afraid

As the clever hopes expire

Of a low dishonest decade:

Waves of anger and fear

Circulate over the bright

And darkened lands of the earth,

Obsessing our private lives;

The unmentionable odour of death

Offends the September night.

Change seemed inevitable and in some ways even right.

But was it lasting? For those fortunate enough not to have lost a relative,
friend or home in history's worst terrorist attack, a new debate seeped into the
city's discourse: are the devotees of surface pleasures merely stunned or
forever chastened?

Many asserted that a society obsessed with celebrity and all that glistens would
move past its fixation on tabloid articles about Lizzie Grubman and Ben
Affleck's doings. There would be no need to manufacture peril with familiar
reality shows like "Survivor" and "Fear Factor." The world, and its real
dangers, would suffice. David Halberstam, who won a Pulitzer Prize for his
reporting on Vietnam, observed on "Charlie Rose" that the binge and
self-absorption of contemporary America had reached its limit. Quoting John F.
Kennedy, he warned that the country was in for "a long, twilight struggle."

Tom Brokaw, the NBC anchorman whose best-selling book about World War II, "The
Greatest Generation," helped spur a nostalgia boom for more heroic times, noted
that people who yearn for what he described as "a more authentic experience"
should be careful what they wish for.  "We are not going to put 18 million men
into uniforms or stop making cars to produce tanks," he said. "But there is no
question that we have been making whoopee in this country, and that is coming to
an end."

Graydon Carter, editor of Vanity Fair, pronounced the age of cynicism over.

Christopher Buckley, a novelist and magazine editor, said: "It feels like a
unique point in history, a cultural circuit breaker. This has had a great
detrivializing effect: are we really going to keep talking about what Julia
Roberts wore last night on yet another TV awards show?"

Yet there were signs that the cult of celebrity would not die without a fight.
Television has not changed, just adapted. Last night, most networks set aside
their regular schedules to simulcast a star-studded benefit for victims of the
terrorists called "America: A Tribute to Heroes" that cast Julia Roberts, Tom
Cruise and George Clooney in an Academy Awards-style extravaganza refitted to
match the mood of a nation in mourning.

"I see that show as my best defense when people say we are not interested in all
that celebrity stuff anymore," said Jonathan Wald, executive producer of
"Today," on NBC. "Anybody who says they know what the world is going to be like
in six months is lying or deluded. I don't think you can say now that we won't
ever again care what J-Lo is doing."

As the nation grieves and the stock market plunges, conspicuous consumption
seems tasteless and even reckless. Yet certain reflexes linger.  An e-mail
message that originated in Los Angeles and quickly found its way to Manhattan
proposed a shop-athon to support the victims and the economy. It began: "On
Sept. 20-23, in addition to your normal spending, buy one additional item, use
one additional service and donate $20 to your favorite charity. I can hear the
laughter now ('You want us to help America by shopping?')."

Urging recipients to buy boats, computers or even just a newspaper subscription,
the letter explained, "While New York prepares to mourn the World Trade Center
victims on Sept. 23, let's give the survivors jobs and a brighter, secure
future."

Fashion Week closed down for a week after the attack, reopening with subdued
shows that featured flags and red, white and blue ribbons. But after 10 days of
struggling for an "appropriate" mode of expression, many in the industry
reverted to fashion world tropes.

"Designers are always impacted by their environment; how could they not think of
this moment as they pick fabrics for next season?" Marylou Luther, editor of the
International Fashion Syndicate, told The Associated Press. "If I were a
designer, I would be working with NASA and perfecting clothes impervious to
anthrax. I'd try to design clothes to solve the problems of our troubled world."

The character of the "greatest generation" was formed over a decade that spanned
the Great Depression and World War II. Can their children change their mores in
just 10 days?

Michael Kinsley, the editor of Slate, suggested that the more apocalyptic
harbingers were proof that baby boom narcissism survived intact. "For most of us
it's at worst too early to say whether everyday life will be permanently and
dramatically altered," Mr. Kinsley wrote in an essay this week. "And there's
something self-indulgent about assuming so, just as there was something
self-indulgent about the hunger for 'change' in what we now regard as the
pre-Sept. 11 Eden."

Human nature certainly did not change overnight.

As in any disaster, a few rats wriggled for position between the victims,
volunteers and heroes. Some people looted the ruins of the World Trade Center.
Wealthier opportunists raised Manhattan rents. Fearing a public revulsion, the
Real Estate Board of New York sent a memo to its members on Sept. 14 reminding
owners to "make deals based on market decisions as they were immediately
preceding Sept. 11."

Historians, perhaps understandably, preferred not to rush to judgment.

"I am skeptical that this is a great rupture in the fabric of history," said
Alan Brinkley, a professor of American history at Columbia University. "I think
we have been overstating the long-term impact. A lot depends on what the
international repercussions are. But a year from now, some things may be
different, but we will not be in a different world. Right now, the terrorist
attack was so traumatic it is hard to imagine that anything could be the same
again. But bad economic times, which were coming anyway, will affect the
character of our culture more than the disaster."

Not everyone found solace in thinking that at least the worst excesses of the
age were eliminated.

"I think it's especially funny that the editors of Vanity Fair have become the
new imams, spouting moral seriousness and declaring that all frivolity must come
to an end," said Mark Horowitz, an editor at New York magazine. "If tourism,
real estate and finance in New York collapse, then people will really be earnest
and serious. If we lose our frivolity, that really is a victory for terrorists."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              86 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 13, 1979 Monday

Truth funnier than film's fiction

BYLINE: Jay Scott; GAM

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


BY JAY SCOTT
  In Lost and Found, Glenda Jackson observes that satire is not an
 American gift. But creating myths is, and Americathon (at the Sheraton
 and elsewhere) is myth-making disguised as satire; the myth being made is
 of utter American incompetence and total American venality - when the
 Yanks decide to hate themselves, no one can do it quite as well.

Americathon wants so desperately to offend you that you may initially
 want to give it more points than it deserves. Sometime in the future,
 when petrol has run out, the inhabitants of Los Angeles are living in
 cars and jogging to what little work remains. They are governed by a
 Church of Scientology health food fanatic named Chet Roosevelt who looks
 like Jerry Brown and is played by John Ritter. The Arab states and Israel
 combined into the United Hebrab Republic when both sides realized they
 have the hots for anything blonde with a tush. Vietnam has become a
 resort; China is capitalist; and the United States is facing bankruptcy
 because an Indian roller-skate king (Chief Dan George) is going to
 collect on a $400-billion loan.

The studio biography of Neil Israel, who directed and coscripted
 Americathon, is better than anything in the movie - One day, during a
 religious experience, he looked out over the redwoods and saw a
 silhouette of Gale Storm beckoning him to Hollywood and Vine. He followed
 her. By the time he got to Modesto, he was exhausted - but it, too, is
 National Lampoon satire, and it, too, is fat with in-joke California
 references (When Neil isn't writing or shopping at Ralph's . . .). If you
 set out to satirize California, you are doomed to crude, hysterical
 overstatement - the two most famous California satires, Cyra McFadden's
 The Serial and Evelyn Waugh's The Loved One, succeeded because they
 simply reported the state of things as they were. How can you satirize
 Scientology, est, Jerry Lewis' telethon (an Americathon is chosen by
 Roosevelt as the means of forestalling Dan George's promissory note) or
 maroon jogging suits? To describe those phenomena objectively is to
 satirize them. If Americathon had been set in New York, it might have
 been outlandishly funny (although its dependence on Network would have
 become a little too obvious), but in California the spectacle of watching
 rock singer Meat Loaf fight an automobile with an axe simply isn't
 amusing: you can see that on the San Diego Freeway every day, without
 paying $3.50.   .  The Disney people can now include Playboy magazine
 in their movies - one of the Unidentified Flying Oddball oddballs is
 spurred to action by the promise of having an issue to keep for himself -
 but they are not ready to re-examine their own particularly American,
 particularly tenacious myth: the myth of utter American competence and
 total American benificence.

Unidentified Flying Oddball (at the Elgin) is either the fourth or
 fifth (depending on the reference book) remake of Mark Twain's A
 Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court and it is emphatically not for
 people who like either Twain or the more sophisticated manifestations of
 the Arthurian legend (the Camelot musical or Thomas Berger's Arthur Rex)
 but it is a well-directed, nicely acted bit of slapstick that has young
 audiences squealing with delight.

Dennis Dugan, who had a TV series in which he played a private eye
 relative of Jim Rockford's, is an astronaut unwittingly returned to
 round-table England. He must defend himself against Merlin (Ron Moody),
 Mordred (Jim Dale) and a befuddled King Arthur (Kenneth More) who, like
 most powerful people, pays attention to the wrong advisors. For adults,
 More's performance is the highlight of the film, a droll impersonation
 with a healthy recognition of the absurdities of being Arthur. When our
 young American hero has magnetized Mordred's sword, making it impossible
 for him to remove it from a suit of armor to which it has become
 attached, King Arthur essays the situation and says quietly, Mordred,
 please, let me, I have a knack for this sort of thing. One can understand
 why the Disney studios feel American know-how can conquer all: they've
 had the knack of pleasing little people for so long, it must seem to them
 at this point to be a matter of genes.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: yes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            March 11, 1972, Saturday

SECTION: Page 27, Column 7

LENGTH: 102 words

Bklyn Asst Dist Atty Panzarella, charged with failing to prosecute city
corrections officer J Eversley arrested for possession of more than $200,000 of
cocaine, submits resignation; Dist Atty Gold accepts Panzarella's resignation,
contending he had 'determined conclusively that there was no venality in any of
his actions'; describes failure of Panzarella to present case to grand jury as a
'mistake in judgment and oversight' so serious that he had no choice but to
suspend him; announces indictment of Eversley on charges of possessing 2 pounds
and 14 ounces of cocaine; Eversley was arrested on charge in '69

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              88 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 22, 2008 Monday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Real Health Care

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 188 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Necessary Medicine?'' (Week in Review, Dec. 14):

The problem with President-elect Barack Obama's supposed emphasis on the costs
of health care is that his proposals fail to deal with the biggest source of
wasteful expenditures, our dependence upon private health insurance.

Mr. Obama's plans, by continuing to embrace a role for private health insurance
in our system, wed us to the waste, profiteering and venality of an industry
that exists only to take our money and spend as little of it as possible on the
objective.

The private insurance industry seeks to increase the proportion of its revenue
reserved for profits by spending as little as possible on health care, instead
directing its expenditures to marketing, underwriting, ''product development''
and executive compensation.

I'd prefer my health care dollars to be spent -- surprise! -- on health care.
Only a move toward ''Medicare for all'' can do that.

Aaron M. Roland  San Francisco, Dec.

14, 2008

The writer is a practicing family physician and clinical associate professor of
medicine at the University of California San Francisco.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              89 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  May 16, 2002

Woody steals the show at Cannes by turning up for his own film
Woody Allen paid back a debt to the French public and critics by turning up, for
once, at Cannes, writes Michael Dwyer

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 499 words


Film-makers succeed in making good movies in Hollywood despite of, rather than
because of, the studio system, Woody Allen told a packed press conference at the
55th Cannes Film Festival yesterday afternoon.

The 67-year-old New York actor, writer and director was making his debut at
Cannes with his new film, Hollywood Ending, which was shown as the opening
presentation of the festival last night. The film features Allen himself as a
washed-up former Oscar-winning director who gets the chance to make a comeback
with a film shot in his beloved Manhattan.

However, in his anxiety, he becomes psychosomatically blind just as shooting
begins - but nobody notices his blindness throughout the production.

Affirming that his storyline was a caustic commentary on Hollywood, Allen told
the international media: "In Hollywood, films are calculated from a basis of
venality. If a film turns out to be good, that's just a coincidence. So many
Hollywood movies are uninspired because they are all trying to work out a
formula to make the most amount of money for the least amount of work."

It was primarily an industry, he continued. "They've always been interested in
nothing but money. It was the same in what we now know as the golden age of
Hollywood in the 1930s and 1940s. But most of the films from that era were bad,
too - thousands and thousands of them. There were some good ones only because
some directors fought the studios."

Although Allen's 1977 film, Annie Hall, won Oscars for best picture and best
director, he always shunned the ceremony until this year, just as he did when
Cannes screened many of his films in previous years.

Asked what has got him out of the house this year, he replied: "I went to the
Oscars this year because so many of us want to do things for New York after
September 11th, and they asked me to introduce a tribute to New York movies.

"And the French have been so supportive of my films for years and I have been
invited to Cannes so many times that I felt it was time for a gesture of
reciprocity. If it looks like I've had a religious conversion of some kind, I've
not. I'll be back in the house again soon."

Allen, who left Mia Farrow after becoming involved with her adopted daughter,
Soon-Yi, continues to have on-screen romantic relationships with much younger
women in his new film.

"In love relationships it's difficult for people all over the world," he said.

"In a love relationship, regardless of age, race or gender, all that matters is
that the two people have a happy, fulfilling time. And that's very rare."

Of the many frivolous questions directed at Allen, he looked the most perplexed
when asked for his views on the French penchant for eating snails and frogs.

"It's the same as relationships," he said after a long pause. "Whatever works
works. Much as I love French cooking, I could not eat frogs, snakes, vermin or
dogs. But I guess it beats eating monkey's brains, which they do in some
countries."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              90 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Corruption Trial, a Political Window

BYLINE: By MONICA DAVEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1095 words


CHICAGO -- As jury selection in the corruption trial of Rod R. Blagojevich
begins on Thursday, people here are less curious about what they may learn about
the impeached former Illinois governor than they are about who else will be
tainted in the proceedings.

The trial may finally open a window into Mr. Blagojevich's interactions with
other politicians and political strategists, business and union leaders and
others. Consider a tantalizing detail: Much of the prosecution's case is
expected to center on phone calls federal agents secretly recorded; through
roughly 500 hours of recordings of Mr. Blagojevich's conversations, most of
which have never been made public, someone was on the other end of the line.

Mr. Blagojevich's fellow Democrats in Illinois, in particular, are worried about
what will be revealed over the course of a trial that could last until close to
Election Day. They do not want voters reminded of the venality of politics --
especially when voters have made clear their rage over politics as usual.

''In a year that's already bad for the Democrats, this will make it worse,''
said David Yepsen, director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at
Southern Illinois University Carbondale. ''There will be a Blagojevich odor in
the air, and it will be with us day after day, like political Muzak.''

Democrats are trying to hold on to the very Senate seat at the center of the
Blagojevich case, as well as the governor's office, now held by Mr.
Blagojevich's former lieutenant governor.

Mr. Blagojevich stands charged with 24 federal criminal counts that include
bribery, extortion and racketeering.

''This has the potential to be very messy for a lot of folks,'' said Andy Shaw,
executive director of the Better Government Association, a local watchdog group,
''including some in Washington.''

No one is suggesting wrongdoing on the part of those who have been subpoenaed --
much less everyone who spoke with Governor Blagojevich -- but the prospect of
embarrassment over the rawness of political deal-making being made public is
very real.

Forecasting who may be subpoenaed has become a parlor game for some here. Among
those confirmed to have received subpoenas from Mr. Blagojevich's defense team:
Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr., who had once hoped to be appointed to the
Senate seat, and two leading Democratic senators, Harry Reid of Nevada and
Richard J. Durbin of Illinois.

This is, of course, a list no one wants to be on (and some Illinois leaders who
have not been ordered to appear were quick and cheery to report as much).

''If and when I am called, I will tell the truth and say under oath what I've
said again and again since this shocking scandal first broke,'' Mr. Jackson
said, after word of his subpoena emerged this spring. ''I did nothing wrong and
never authorized or engaged in any scheme related to the then-vacant Senate
seat.''

Confirming that Mr. Durbin had received a subpoena, Joe Shoemaker, his
spokesman, said, ''Given the former governor's previous antics regarding this
case, it's no surprise he is casting a wide net -- apparently from the president
down to dogcatcher.''

Mr. Blagojevich did try to subpoena President Obama, arguing that the president
could provide unique insight into the claim that Mr. Blagojevich tried to peddle
his old Senate seat in exchange for money or a job, but the presiding judge,
James B. Zagel, denied the request. Others, including Rahm Emanuel, the
president's chief of staff, and Valerie Jarrett, the president's senior adviser
-- whom Mr. Blagojevich considered for the seat  -- are alluded to in the
prosecution's allegations against Mr. Blagojevich. A White House official
confirmed on Wednesday that they had received subpoenas.

In the simplest terms, Mr. Blagojevich, 53, who was impeached and removed from
office in his second term as governor, is accused of turning the job into a
money-making operation. The accusation related to the Senate appointment after
Mr. Obama was elected president in 2008 has drawn the most national notice, but
Mr. Blagojevich is also charged with trying to make money in other ways,
including holding back government money from a children's hospital until one of
its leaders would turn over a campaign donation of $50,000.

The most serious counts against Mr. Blagojevich each carry a prison sentence of
as long as 20 years and a fine of $250,000.

The prosecution's case is widely expected to come down to this: two leading
witnesses --  former chiefs of staff for Mr. Blagojevich who were initially
indicted  with him and have since pleaded guilty -- and the secret recordings,
all captured in the fall of 2008. A central point of contention is expected to
be which of the recordings are played. Mr. Blagojevich has said, again and
again, that every recording should be played, but the judge will decide which
the jury should hear.

Mr. Blagojevich, who has pleaded not guilty and has defiantly defended his
behavior, has said he will testify. Though many defendants make that promise
before trial and later have second thoughts, few here expect Mr. Blagojevich to
change his mind.

Since leaving office, he has been a vocal presence. He started a Web site,
published a memoir, hosted a weekly radio talk show and turned up on reality TV,
including an appearance on ''Celebrity Apprentice.''

Mr. Blagojevich's brother, Robert, a Nashville businessman who led his brother's
fund-raising in the months before his arrest in December 2008, has also been
charged and will be tried before the same jury.

Jurors are expected to face a central question in the case of the former
governor, who came out of his father-in-law's rough-and-tumble political ward in
Chicago and spent his entire adult life immersed in Illinois politics: where to
draw the line between criminal acts and ordinary political horse trading.

''If you're out there trying to get campaign funds for a political candidate,
that's First Amendment protected,'' said Michael Ettinger, Robert Blagojevich's
lawyer, who described relations between the brothers as strained. ''The only way
it becomes a crime is if there is an express quid pro quo agreement.''

Republican leaders have made it clear they plan to remind voters of this trial
whenever they can, though Democrats, in turn, will point out that the last
governor, a Republican, is in federal prison, and will try to distance
themselves from Mr. Blagojevich. ''Rod was not a Democrat -- he was the sole
member of the Blagojevich Party,'' said State Representative Jack D. Franks, a
Democrat.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: JESSE L. JACKSON JR., an Illinois congressman, says he had
hoped to succeed President Obama in the Senate, but he denies wrongdoing.
HARRY REID, the Senate majority leader, called Mr. Blagojevich to talk about the
Senate seat
that discussion may come up at the trial.
RAHM EMANUEL, the White House chief of staff, talked with the Illinois
governor's office about potential candidates to fill the open seat.
VALERIE JARRETT, prosecutors have suggested, was discussed as a possible
candidate for the seat. She is a senior adviser to President Obama.
RICHARD J. DURBIN, an Illinois senator, has also been subpoenaed by the defense.
He may have been asked about potential candidates.
 THE DEFENDANT: Rod R. Blagojevich at the center of attention as he left his
arraignment in Chicago in April 2009. His federal corruption trial begins
Thursday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY M. SPENCER GREEN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                 March 21, 2010

ART: Andy really opened up a can of worms...: Peter Conrad is intrigued by a
book that blames Andy Warhol for our unhealthy obsession with image: Andy Warhol
and the Can That Sold the World Gary Indiana Basic Books £ 12.99, pp192

BYLINE: Peter Conrad

SECTION: OBSERVER REVIEW BOOKS PAGES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 1105 words


Americans, who expect to live in paradise, are always asking why they have been
expelled from the happy garden. Lately the inquest has become urgent. David
Thomson's new book on Psycho surveys the country's current moral squalor and
blames its venality and violence on Hitchcock's sadistic film; now Gary Indiana
returns to the same problem of disillusionment and despair, bemoans his
image-crazed, commercially obsessed society, and fingers Andy Warhol as the
joking demon who was responsible for its corruption. For Indiana, Warhol is
consumer capitalism in person, the embodiment of a "corporate monoculture" that
equates high and low, art and kitsch, celebrity and nonentity. Hiring lookalikes
to represent him at parties and on lecture tours, he put an end to the illusion
of human individuality, and transformed himself into a contentless image, the
perfection of "boredom, apathy, emotional emptiness, partial autism, and
ugliness".

It is a heavy rap to lay on some brightly banal paintings of Campbell's soup
cans, and Indiana - whose little book contains no illustrations, since its real
concern is Warhol's persona not his art - has trouble making sense of the thesis
proclaimed in his title. Warhol's Soup Cans certainly sold. When the blotchy
canvases were exhibited in 1962, they didn't cost a lot more than the
mass-produced supermarket items they so reverently imitated; recently, one of
them was auctioned for $11m. Inflation as insane as that in the Weimar republic,
I agree, but does this mean that Warhol had sold the world on a vacuous idea, or
persuaded the world to sell its soul for a mess of industrialised pottage?

The abstract expressionist painters, who scoffed at Warhol's swishiness and
disparaged him as a department store window-dresser, extolled a rugged cowboy
individualism that turned their hurling of paint at canvas into a kind of
gestural politics. In the Eisenhower era, Jackson Pollock and Jasper Johns were
pressed into service as advertisements for American freedom; the Rockefellers
began hanging abstract art in branches of their Chase Manhattan Bank, as an
ideological riposte to socialist realism. Warhol bided his time, and spent the
1950s sketching shoe advertisements. Then, at the start of the next decade, he
unveiled his alternative to the "polemics and agonic practices" of the macho
AbEx brigade.

Pop art, as Indiana says, was "the negation of subjectivity", a style that
corresponded to the neutered emotional blankness of Warhol himself. Rather than
vistas of infinity - present in the earliest American landscape paintings of the
Hudson river and its gorges or the Grand Canyon, and still discernible in
Pollock's jungles of dribbled pigment - his work displayed the spectacle of
man-made glut, symbolised by those stockpiled cans. Warhol detested Campbell's
soup, having been force-fed it by his mother during his childhood in Pittsburgh,
so the images stimulated hunger but could not satisfy it; they took insolent
pride in "the absence of substance". Consumers in any case were expected to
remain ravenous, feeding their stomachs in order to make up for spiritual
famine.

At this point Indiana takes a risky intuitive leap from art to the
psychoanalysis of society. He calls Soup Cans "a window into the abyss", through
which we can see the hole in which we're all still living. The cans demonstrate
that image matters more than reality; this, he argues, is "symptomatic of an
affectlessness invariably found in sociopaths", and is also "the prevailing
character of American life today". It's a breathtakingly bold assertion, and
it's probably right. Indiana's evidence is the moronic or robotic role Warhol
played - a whispering ninny in a skewed silver wig. At the time this was a mad
affectation, but it has since become the norm: "In American society, having an
image was steadily becoming more rewarding than being a person. People have
problems, whereas images just have spectators. . . Neuroticism became a lively
asset rather than a liability." Of course the malaise is no longer confined to
America: look at Gazza, Pete, Amy, Naomi and all the other damaged creatures who
stagger through our national life.

The so-called "superstars" in Warhol's gang of groupies were at least
endearingly zany and - since redundancy and rapid turnover were imperative at
the Factory, as in any industrial enterprise - obligingly self-destructive.
Nowadays we can't rely on celebrities to overdose or jump out of high windows.
They have become an economic necessity, a rare and precious proof of economic
health: as Indiana says, "capitalism in its current, all-pervasive form
exacerbates the pre-extant desire for fame and money and ratifies egregious
opportunism". Here you have an explanation of the vile-bodied and empty-headed
Katie Price, who appears to be as indestructible as a plastic bag discarded in
the gutter. Warhol was over-generous when he allowed every human being 15
minutes of fame: he surely never expected that his prophecy would come true!
Luckily his shorter-tempered successor is Simon Cowell, who like an overworked
executioner ensures that the hordes of self-deluded wannabes will enjoy at most
three minutes of exposure, followed by humiliation and a merciful return to
invisibility.

The zeitgeist occasionally arranges creepy coincidences. Thomson's recent study
of Psycho and Indiana's diatribe about the poisonous soup cans both home in on
the assassination of JFK in 1963. Thomson sees the event as part of the
nihilistic crime wave that began at the Bates motel, while Indiana, a little
more plausibly, notes that the president's death exemplified Warhol's theory of
democratised celebrity: "world's most important person killed by world's most
insignificant person". Murder - either the random slaughter of passers-by or the
targeting of someone great and famous - rewards rancorous nobodies with
immortality, or at least infamy. I'm alarmed by the way both Thomson and Indiana
brood about that awful day in Dallas. Americans, who not so long ago believed
they had found a saviour, appear to be bracing for another shock. It would be
bad magic to say more. Anyway, you know what I mean.

To order Andy Warhol and the Can That Sold the World for £ 11.99 with free UK
p&p, go to observer.co.uk/bookshop or call 0330 333 6847

Captions:

In crowd: (from left) Elton John, Andy Warhol, Jerry Hall, an unidentified woman
and Ahmet Ertegun at New York's Xenon club in 1978. Ron Galella /WireImage

Below, a detail from Campbell's Soup Can (Vegetable), 1962. (C) 2010 The Andy
Warhol Foundation / ARS, New York / Trademarks, Campbell Soup Company. All
rights reserved


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                 March 21, 2010

Observer Review: Books: ART: Andy really opened up a can of worms...: Peter
Conrad is intrigued by a book that blames Andy Warhol for our unhealthy
obsession with image: Andy Warhol and the Can That Sold the World Gary Indiana
Basic Books £ 12.99, pp192

BYLINE: Peter Conrad

SECTION: OBSERVER REVIEW BOOKS PAGES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 1105 words


Americans, who expect to live in paradise, are always asking why they have been
expelled from the happy garden. Lately the inquest has become urgent. David
Thomson's new book on Psycho surveys the country's current moral squalor and
blames its venality and violence on Hitchcock's sadistic film; now Gary Indiana
returns to the same problem of disillusionment and despair, bemoans his
image-crazed, commercially obsessed society, and fingers Andy Warhol as the
joking demon who was responsible for its corruption. For Indiana, Warhol is
consumer capitalism in person, the embodiment of a "corporate monoculture" that
equates high and low, art and kitsch, celebrity and nonentity. Hiring lookalikes
to represent him at parties and on lecture tours, he put an end to the illusion
of human individuality, and transformed himself into a contentless image, the
perfection of "boredom, apathy, emotional emptiness, partial autism, and
ugliness".

It is a heavy rap to lay on some brightly banal paintings of Campbell's soup
cans, and Indiana - whose little book contains no illustrations, since its real
concern is Warhol's persona not his art - has trouble making sense of the thesis
proclaimed in his title. Warhol's Soup Cans certainly sold. When the blotchy
canvases were exhibited in 1962, they didn't cost a lot more than the
mass-produced supermarket items they so reverently imitated; recently, one of
them was auctioned for $11m. Inflation as insane as that in the Weimar republic,
I agree, but does this mean that Warhol had sold the world on a vacuous idea, or
persuaded the world to sell its soul for a mess of industrialised pottage?

The abstract expressionist painters, who scoffed at Warhol's swishiness and
disparaged him as a department store window-dresser, extolled a rugged cowboy
individualism that turned their hurling of paint at canvas into a kind of
gestural politics. In the Eisenhower era, Jackson Pollock and Jasper Johns were
pressed into service as advertisements for American freedom; the Rockefellers
began hanging abstract art in branches of their Chase Manhattan Bank, as an
ideological riposte to socialist realism. Warhol bided his time, and spent the
1950s sketching shoe advertisements. Then, at the start of the next decade, he
unveiled his alternative to the "polemics and agonic practices" of the macho
AbEx brigade.

Pop art, as Indiana says, was "the negation of subjectivity", a style that
corresponded to the neutered emotional blankness of Warhol himself. Rather than
vistas of infinity - present in the earliest American landscape paintings of the
Hudson river and its gorges or the Grand Canyon, and still discernible in
Pollock's jungles of dribbled pigment - his work displayed the spectacle of
man-made glut, symbolised by those stockpiled cans. Warhol detested Campbell's
soup, having been force-fed it by his mother during his childhood in Pittsburgh,
so the images stimulated hunger but could not satisfy it; they took insolent
pride in "the absence of substance". Consumers in any case were expected to
remain ravenous, feeding their stomachs in order to make up for spiritual
famine.

At this point Indiana takes a risky intuitive leap from art to the
psychoanalysis of society. He calls Soup Cans "a window into the abyss", through
which we can see the hole in which we're all still living. The cans demonstrate
that image matters more than reality; this, he argues, is "symptomatic of an
affectlessness invariably found in sociopaths", and is also "the prevailing
character of American life today". It's a breathtakingly bold assertion, and
it's probably right. Indiana's evidence is the moronic or robotic role Warhol
played - a whispering ninny in a skewed silver wig. At the time this was a mad
affectation, but it has since become the norm: "In American society, having an
image was steadily becoming more rewarding than being a person. People have
problems, whereas images just have spectators. . . Neuroticism became a lively
asset rather than a liability." Of course the malaise is no longer confined to
America: look at Gazza, Pete, Amy, Naomi and all the other damaged creatures who
stagger through our national life.

The so-called "superstars" in Warhol's gang of groupies were at least
endearingly zany and - since redundancy and rapid turnover were imperative at
the Factory, as in any industrial enterprise - obligingly self-destructive.
Nowadays we can't rely on celebrities to overdose or jump out of high windows.
They have become an economic necessity, a rare and precious proof of economic
health: as Indiana says, "capitalism in its current, all-pervasive form
exacerbates the pre-extant desire for fame and money and ratifies egregious
opportunism". Here you have an explanation of the vile-bodied and empty-headed
Katie Price, who appears to be as indestructible as a plastic bag discarded in
the gutter. Warhol was over-generous when he allowed every human being 15
minutes of fame: he surely never expected that his prophecy would come true!
Luckily his shorter-tempered successor is Simon Cowell, who like an overworked
executioner ensures that the hordes of self-deluded wannabes will enjoy at most
three minutes of exposure, followed by humiliation and a merciful return to
invisibility.

The zeitgeist occasionally arranges creepy coincidences. Thomson's recent study
of Psycho and Indiana's diatribe about the poisonous soup cans both home in on
the assassination of JFK in 1963. Thomson sees the event as part of the
nihilistic crime wave that began at the Bates motel, while Indiana, a little
more plausibly, notes that the president's death exemplified Warhol's theory of
democratised celebrity: "world's most important person killed by world's most
insignificant person". Murder - either the random slaughter of passers-by or the
targeting of someone great and famous - rewards rancorous nobodies with
immortality, or at least infamy. I'm alarmed by the way both Thomson and Indiana
brood about that awful day in Dallas. Americans, who not so long ago believed
they had found a saviour, appear to be bracing for another shock. It would be
bad magic to say more. Anyway, you know what I mean.

To order Andy Warhol and the Can That Sold the World for £ 11.99 with free UK
p&p, go to observer.co.uk/bookshop or call 0330 333 6847

Captions:

In crowd: (from left) Elton John, Andy Warhol, Jerry Hall, an unidentified woman
and Ahmet Ertegun at New York's Xenon club in 1978. Ron Galella /WireImage

Below, a detail from Campbell's Soup Can (Vegetable), 1962. (C) 2010 The Andy
Warhol Foundation / ARS, New York / Trademarks, Campbell Soup Company. All
rights reserved


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 8, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Officer in Louima Case Is Freed, With His New Trial Set for June

BYLINE:  By WILLIAM GLABERSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 983 words


After 33 months in prison, Charles Schwarz, the twice-convicted former police
officer, walked out of a Brooklyn courthouse yesterday, facing a new federal
trial to determine if he was the second officer involved in the torture of Abner
Louima almost five years ago.

Mr. Schwarz was freed on $1 million bond a week after a federal appeals court
granted him a retrial on the charge that he led Mr. Louima, a Haitian immigrant,
to a police station house bathroom and then held him down as another officer,
Justin A. Volpe, sodomized him with a stick.

Mr. Schwarz's freedom was a result of aggressive work by his lawyers and an
orchestrated "Free Chuck Schwarz" campaign that cast him as a man caught in a
web of identification errors and prosecution venality. That freedom is to last
at least until the new trial, which Judge Reena Raggi of United States District
Court scheduled yesterday for June 24.

For the first time since the volatile case burst back into the news last week,
though, the federal prosecutor, Alan Vinegrad, indicated that he was considering
filing new charges of obstruction of justice, possibly compounding Mr. Schwarz's
legal problems yet again.

But yesterday, a few steps from the courthouse door, Mr. Schwarz walked up to a
battery of microphones and said in a distinct New York accent that he had been
waiting for this day for 33 months. "It's hard to explain, but how I feel is
just so overwhelming right now," he said. "But it's just a great day."

In Florida, where Mr. Louima has been trying to make a new life, he appeared at
a news conference yesterday along with the Rev. Al Sharpton and said he had been
disappointed by the appeals court decision. But Mr. Louima said he would
cooperate fully with the prosecutors in any future trials. He said he would put
aside his hope of leaving the attack in his past "so at the end of the day, full
justice will prevail to demonstrate to the world that our system of justice does
work."

Mr. Vinegrad, the United States attorney, had not indicated until yesterday how
he would respond to the ruling by the Court of Appeals.

In addition to overturning Mr. Schwarz's conviction for taking part in the
assault, the appeals court acquitted Mr. Schwarz and two other former officers,
Thomas Wiese and Thomas Bruder, of conspiring to mislead a federal grand jury.

But the appeals court said the three officers had misled investigators. Mr.
Vinegrad said yesterday that he was determining whether to file new obstruction
charges, which the appeals court seemed to invite. The appeals judges, he said,
had agreed that Mr. Schwarz's conduct "was serious and evinced by this
defendant, a disrespect for the system."

Judge Raggi, too, said she had focused on the statement by the appeals court
that Mr. Schwarz, Mr. Wiese and Mr. Bruder had misled investigators. Because of
the appeals court finding, she said, she made a condition of Mr. Schwarz's bail
that he not have any contact with witnesses in the case.

She also denied a request by one of Mr. Schwarz's lawyers, Ronald P. Fischetti,
that Mr. Schwarz, 36, be permitted to vacation out of state for several weeks
with his wife, Andra, 41, who had fought for his release. The defense lawyer
also requested that Mr. Schwarz be permitted to reside anywhere in the New York
metropolitan region, with possible travel to New England. Judge Raggi ordered
him to remain within the five boroughs.

In the Brooklyn courtroom, each side had a handful of supporters. But, perhaps
because the moment was just one more step in a long battle, the atmosphere was
subdued.

Mr. Schwarz -- in a black suit, crisp white shirt and patterned tie -- might
have been mistaken for one of the lawyers, but for a slightly dazed look that
made him appear surprised to be out of prison, where his lawyers say he had
often been held in solitary confinement. Prison officials have said he was
sometimes held in special units for his own safety.

Mr. Fischetti said Mr. Schwarz was disoriented: "He keeps asking questions like:
'When I walk out, will they arrest me again?' "

Standing before Judge Raggi, Mr. Schwarz changed his bland expression only once,
when he flashed what might have been anger at Mr. Vinegrad as the prosecutor
argued that Mr. Schwarz should be held in strict home confinement, suggesting he
might try to flee or to influence the witnesses against him.

Judge Raggi said she imposed bail conditions that were between the stern ones
urged by the prosecution and a virtual lack of limitations suggested by Mr.
Fischetti. Mr. Schwarz's mother and two of his aunts put up their two-family
home in Staten Island as security for his $1 million bond.

Throughout legal arguments that lasted more than two hours, Andra Schwarz sat
quietly in the front row between her mother-in-law and Guy V. Molinari, the
former Staten Island borough president, who joined an informal group of police
officers, housewives and other Schwarz supporters to fight for his release.

As the hearing dissolved into whispered battles between lawyers over
technicalities concerning the pledge of the Staten Island house as security, the
former officer and his wife had their first awkward kiss in front of the
assembled audience. They seemed cautious about providing a public display after
so much build-up about their reunion.

Outside the courthouse, dozens of police officers outnumbered a dozen
demonstrators chanting antipolice sentiments.

Judge Raggi made it clear to the lawyers that she wanted to keep the public
rhetoric muted. She rejected a prosecution request for a gag order on the
lawyers and the Schwarzes. But she said she would consider one if too much were
said about the case outside of court.

Another of Mr. Schwarz's lawyers, Diarmuid White, assured her that, after all
the public debate about the innocence or guilt of Mr. Schwarz, there was no need
for much more talk. "There are very few secrets left in this case," he said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Abner Louima, appearing in Florida with the Rev. Al Sharpton,
right, said he was disappointed by the decision of the appeals court. He added,
however, that he would cooperate with prosecutors in any new trials. (Alex
Quesada/Matrix, for The New York Times)(pg. B6); Charles Schwarz, whose
conviction in the Louima assault was overturned last week, said yesterday that
he was overwhelmed by his freedom. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times)(pg. B1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              94 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 02, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

In the Rough Seas of Government

Rick Atkinson

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X01

LENGTH: 923 words


THE NIGHTINGALE'S SONG

By Robert Timberg

Simon & Schuster. 543 pp. $ 27.50

THE IRAN-CONTRA AFFAIR was not the Watergate of the 1980s, although at times the
two scandals seemed similar in their brazen assault on the Constitution. The
harebrained scheme to barter arms for hostages -- while secretly diverting the
profits to Nicaraguan rebels -- lacked both the soaring venality and the bathos
of Watergate. More important, it lacked the tragic central character of a
Richard Nixon surrounded by slimy subalterns whose morality was as suspect as
their judgment.

One of the strengths of Robert Timberg's fine book is his recognition that
Iran-Contra is thin ground on which to construct an epic morality play. He has
kept his drama on a human scale, and The Nightingale's Song -- Timberg casts
Reagan as the nightingale whose song proved seductive to the book's five main
characters -- is the better for it.

The book revolves around five men, three of them central to the scandal, the
other two decidedly peripheral. What lashes them all together is their common
alma mater -- the U.S. Naval Academy -- and their common fate as young academy
graduates who served the losing side in Vietnam. Timberg argues that they span a
single generation, but in fact they are sufficiently far apart in age to
straddle both sides of a generational faultline. John M. Poindexter and John S.
McCain III, class of 1958, would become, respectively, national security advisor
and a U.S. senator; Robert C. "Bud" McFarlane, class of 1959, would also serve
as a national security advisor; James H. Webb III and Oliver L. North Jr.,
relative youngsters from the class of '68, would respectively become secretary
of the Navy and, well, you know.

Timberg himself is an Annapolis graduate, class of 1964, and a Marine veteran
who has been a newspaper reporter for the past quarter-century, most recently as
deputy chief of the Baltimore Sun's Washington bureau. His old school ties give
him an insider's vantage without rendering him an apologist either for the
institution or its sons. What makes the book work is his deft storytelling
skills. We are drawn into the world of these young men, and we come to care what
happens to them and why they behave -- or misbehave -- as they do.

The most arresting figure among the quintet is perhaps the least well-known.
McCain is the son and grandson of famous admirals; despite his lineage -- or
maybe because of it -- he was something of a ne'er-do-well as a midshipman and
junior officer. As a carrier pilot off the coast of Vietnam, he was a key figure
in the catastrophic fire aboard the U.S.S. Forrestal that killed 134 men and
nearly sank the ship in July 1967.

WORSE WAS to come for McCain. Three months later he was shot down over North
Vietnam, where he spent the next five and a half years as a prisoner of war. His
defiance, grit and eventual transition from naval officer to politician are
well-sketched. Whatever we may think of McCain's politics, we come to like and
admire him as someone who keeps getting up off the canvas, bloody but unbowed.

The five threads twist inexorably toward the public revelation of Iran-Contra in
November 1986. Timberg's rendition of the basic tale is, to a large extent,
culled from work already in print; he is generous with his credits and
attributes fully. What he adds to the tapestry is a richer group portrait of the
protagonists, especially within the context of their Academy upbringing and
military experiences.

His picture is not revisionist. At the end of the day McFarlane is still
diffident, decent, out of his depth. Poindexter is cerebral, vapid and
remarkably ignorant of the American body politic. North is energetic,
manipulative and, as McFarlane bluntly observes of his former protege,
"deceitful, mendacious and traitorous." (McFarlane, whose talent as a stand-up
comic was rarely obvious when he was in the public eye, also describes Ronald
Reagan as having "the attention span of a fruit fly.")

If not a different view, what we do gain from Timberg is a more complete
perspective. Seen within the framework of their personal histories, these five
men assume a three-dimensionality that makes them compelling. The larger yarn is
also elevated, perhaps not to high tragedy but certainly beyond farce.

Occasionally Timberg mounts his high horse with unbecoming sanctimony. In
describing North's sins, for example, he tells us, "Equally important is what he
did not do. He did not gas Jews. Not even close. Anyone who does not understand
the distinction is a fool." Also, his prose at times is overrun with
journalistic or military cliches: Washington law firms are "high-powered," while
a ship is "skippered by" a certain captain.

In the main, however, the book is solid and engrossing. Not least it makes us
privy, as Timberg writes, to "secret-sharers, men whose experiences at
Annapolis, during the Vietnam War and its aftermath, illuminate a generation, or
a portion of a generation -- those who went . . . Whatever they later became --
hero, hotdog, hustler, or zealot -- they were for a time among the best and the
brightest this nation had to offer. And in their formative years -- at Annapolis
and during the Vietnam era -- they shared a seemingly unassailable certainty.
They believed in America."

Rick Atkinson, Berlin bureau chief for The Washington Post, is author of "The
Long Gray Line: The American Journey of the West Point Class of 1966" and
"Crusade: The Untold Story of the Persian Gulf War."


LOAD-DATE: July 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, gary viskupic for The Washington Post; Photo, ap, Robert
McFarlane announces his resignation as national security advisor, Dec. 4, 1986,
as President Reagan and McFarlane's successor, Vice Adm. John Poindexter look
on.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              95 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

Gallop away from Wells Fargo

BYLINE: NC Greene Gary

SECTION: 4,D; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 750 words


Dear Mr. Berko: In August of 2014 you told me not to buy Wells Fargo. And in
April of 2015 you said that the company would increase its earnings and dividend
but that you didn't care for the stock. This is a huge bank with a great growth
record. I'd like to sell my 50 shares of Costco that I bought at $108 and buy
200 Wells Fargo at $56. Please tell me why you wouldn't buy Wells Fargo stock.
SB, Oklahoma City

Dear SB: I don't trust its executive personnel; I don't trust branch management;
and I don't trust its board of directors. Even though Wells Fargo (WFC) now
trades at $48 and is expected to increase its revenues, income and dividends
again this year, and even though six brokerages rate WFC as a "strong buy," my
sense of probity won't allow me to recommend it. Recommending WFC suggests that
I approve of its crooked and unacceptable business practices.

Wells Fargo is headquartered on Montgomery Street in San Francisco, a couple
thousand miles west of Wall Street. Because of its distance from Wall Street, I
believed WFC wasn't infected by the cupidity, the insatiate venality, and the
foul, extortionist and larcenist conduct that defined Bank of America, J.P.
Morgan, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, etc. Wow, was I wrong.

An ex-WFC Florida employee, and others, have described to me the incredible
pressure that devolved upon WFC employees to order credit cards for customers
without permission, sell overdraft protection to customers who don't need it and
forge account holders' signatures. Then WFC management had employees open ghost
checking and savings accounts with forged applications for customers. These
accounts were never used nor authorized but resulted in monthly service fees.

Reportedly, WFC employees opened accounts for homeless people and sold them
identity and theft protection to generate monthly fees. Other employees assigned
a second PIN number to customers' debit cards, then opened online banking
accounts (without permission) that automatically debited account fees from
authorized accounts. Then WFC took money from authorized accounts to pay fees
for unauthorized accounts. And when the unauthorized fees were not paid, WFC
forced those customers' accounts into collection.

The ex-employee explained that tellers are required to report certificate of
deposit transactions (primarily those of easily influenced seniors) to generate
insurance or annuity purchases by introducing trusting seniors to a sales
person. And those annuity commissions were as high as 8 to 12 percent, while
certain life insurance commissions exceeded 100 percent. According to my
sources, WFC employees have assigned sales goals that are enforced by frequent
monitoring and the results are reported to WFC's district managers each day for
review. Employees attend daily sales meetings and objecting employees who don't
meet quotas are fired. Tellers earn 3 percent of the fees they generate while
the bank's sales people earn between 15 percent and 30 percent. The litigation
over these alleged practices would be mindboggling.

Don't sell Costco (COST-$151), which has one of the best business models in the
retail industry. Unlike its big-box industry peers, COST's business model
generates net profit margins at almost 3 percent, higher than Wal-Mart's 2.3
percent.

COST generates about $165 million in revenues per unit location vs. $90 million
per unit at Sam's Club. On a square foot basis, this translates to $1,100 net
sales, vs. $400 for Wal-Mart and $680 for Sam's Club. That's impressive! And in
contrast to its big-box peers, COST's international operations in the U.K.,
Taiwan, Korea and Australia produce 14 percent returns, well above its 7.2
percent capital costs.

COST's membership fee model, and its high customer quality base, compared to
Wal-Mart and Sam's, generates the highest near-term cash flow visibility in the
retail sector. And its loss-leader capabilities model (much superior to
Wal-Mart's) will continue to create good market share gains over the long term.
COST is so remarkably efficient that it collects cash from customers before it
has to pay its suppliers. Revenues and earnings should improve by 10 percent
this year and 23 brokerages suggest a high target price of $200.

If you had bought 100 shares at COST's IPO price of $10 in 1985 and reinvested
all dividends, it would be worth $107,000 today. Please keep Costco.

Address your financial questions to Malcolm Berko, P.O. Box 8303, Largo, FL
33775, or email him at mjberko@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 752  words


Dear Mr. Berko: In August of 2014 you told me not to buy Wells Fargo. And in
April of 2015 you said that the company would increase its earnings and dividend
but that you didn't care for the stock. This is a huge bank with a great growth
record. I'd like to sell my 50 shares of Costco that I bought at $108 and buy
200 Wells Fargo at $56. Please tell me why you wouldn't buy Wells Fargo stock. -
SB: Oklahoma City

Dear SB: I don't trust its executive personnel; I don't trust branch management;
and I don't trust its board of directors. Even though Wells Fargo (WFC) now
trades at $48 and is expected to increase its revenues, income and dividends
again this year, and even though six brokerages rate WFC as a "strong buy," my
sense of probity won't allow me to recommend it. Recommending WFC suggests that
I approve of its crooked and unacceptable business practices.

Wells Fargo is headquartered on Montgomery Street in San Francisco, a couple
thousand miles west of Wall Street. Because of its distance from Wall Street, I
believed WFC wasn't infected by the cupidity, the insatiate venality, and the
foul, extortionist and larcenist conduct that defined, Bank of America, J.P.
Morgan, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, etc. Wow, was I wrong.

An ex-WFC Florida employee, and others, have described to me the incredible
pressure that devolved upon WFC employees to order credit cards for customers
without permission, sell overdraft protection to customers who don't need it and
forge account holders' signatures. Then WFC management had employees open ghost
checking and savings accounts with forged applications for customers. These
accounts were never used nor authorized but resulted in monthly service fees.
Reportedly, WFC employees opened accounts for homeless people and sold them
identity and theft protection to generate monthly fees. Other employees assigned
a second PIN number to customer's debit cards then opened online banking
accounts (without permission) that automatically debited account fees from
authorized accounts. Then WFC took money from authorized accounts to pay fees
for unauthorized accounts. And when the unauthorized fees were not paid, WFC
forced those customer's accounts into collection.

The ex-employee explained that tellers are required to report certificate of
deposit transactions (primarily those of easily influenced seniors) to generate
insurance or annuity purchases by introducing trusting seniors to a sales
person. And those annuity commissions were as high as 8 to 12 percent, while
certain life insurance commissions exceeded 100 percent. According to my
sources, WFC employees have assigned sales goals that are enforced by frequent
monitoring and the results are reported to WFC's district managers each day for
review. Employees attend daily sales meetings and objecting employees who don't
meet quotas are fired. Tellers earn 3 percent of the fees they generate while
the bank's sales people earn between 15 percent and 30 percent. The litigation
over these alleged practices would be mindboggling.

Don't sell Costco (COST-$151), which has one of the best business models in the
retail industry. Unlike its big-box industry peers, COST's business model
generates net profit margins at almost 3 percent, higher than Wal-Mart's 2.3
percent. COST generates about $165 million in revenues per unit location vs $90
million per unit at Sam's Club. On a square foot basis, this translates to
$1,100 net sales, versus $400 for Wal-Mart and $680 for Sam's club. That's
impressive! And in contrast to its big-box peers, COST's international
operations in the U.K., Taiwan, Korea and Australia produce 14 percent returns,
well above its 7.2 percent capital costs. COST's membership fee model, and its
high customer quality base, compared to Wal-Mart and Sam's, generates the
highest near-term cash flow visibility in the retail sector. And its loss-leader
capabilities model (much superior to Wal-Mart's) will continue to create good
market share gains over the long term. COST is so remarkably efficient that it
collects cash from customers before it has to pay its suppliers. Revenues and
earnings should improve by 10 percent this year and 23 brokerages suggest a high
target price of $200. If you had bought 100 shares at COST's IPO price of $10 in
1985 and reinvested all dividends, it would be worth $107,000 today. Please keep
Costco.

Please address your financial questions to Malcolm Berko, P.O. Box 8303, Largo,
FL 33775, or email him at mjberko@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Taking Stock;
Costco has one of the best models in retailing

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 731 words


D ear Mr. Berko: In August of 2014 you told me not to buy Wells Fargo. And in
April of 2015 you said that the company would increase its earnings and dividend
but that you didn't care for the stock. This is a huge bank with a great growth
record. I'd like to sell my 50 shares of Costco that I bought at $108 and buy
200 shares of Wells Fargo at $56. Please tell me why you wouldn't buy Wells
Fargo stock. -- SB, Oklahoma City

Dear SB: I don't trust its executive personnel; I don't trust branch management;
and I don't trust its board of directors. Even though Wells Fargo (WFC) now
trades at $48 and is expected to increase its revenues, income and dividends
again this year, and even though six brokerages rate WFC as a "strong buy, " my
sense of probity won't allow me to recommend it. Recommending WFC suggests that
I approve of its crooked and unacceptable business practices.

Wells Fargo is headquartered on Montgomery Street in San Francisco, a couple
thousand miles west of Wall Street. Because of its distance from Wall Street, I
believed WFC wasn't infected by the cupidity, the insatiate venality, and the
foul, extortionist and larcenist conduct that defined Bank of America, J.P.
Morgan, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, etc. Wow, was I wrong.

An ex-WFC Florida employee, and others, have described to me the incredible
pressure that devolved upon WFC employees to order credit cards for customers
without permission, sell overdraft protection to customers who don't need it and
forge account holder's signatures. Then WFC management had employees open ghost
checking and savings accounts with forged applications for customers. These
accounts were never used nor authorized but resulted in monthly service fees.
Reportedly, WFC employees opened accounts for homeless people and sold them
identity and theft protection to generate monthly fees. Other employees assigned
a second PIN number to customer's debit cards then opened online banking
accounts (without permission) that automatically debited account fees from
authorized accounts. Then WFC took money from authorized accounts to pay fees
for unauthorized accounts. And when the unauthorized fees were not paid, WFC
forced those customer's accounts into collection.

The ex-employee explained that tellers are required to report certificate of
deposit transactions (primarily those of easily influenced seniors) to generate
insurance or annuity purchases by introducing trusting seniors to a sales
person. And those annuity commissions were as high as 8 to 12 percent, while
certain life insurance commissions exceeded 100 percent. According to my
sources, WFC employees have assigned sales goals that are enforced by frequent
monitoring and the results are reported to WFC's district managers each day for
review. Employees attend daily sales meetings and objecting employees who don't
meet quotas are fired. Tellers earn 3 percent of the fees they generate while
the bank's sales people earn between 15 percent and 30 percent. The litigation
over these alleged practices would be mindboggling.

Don't sell Costco (COST-$151), which has one of the best business models in the
retail industry. Unlike its big-box industry peers, COST's business model
generates net profit margins at almost 3 percent, higher than Wal-Mart's 2.3
percent. COST generates about $165 million in revenues per unit location versus
$90 million per unit at Sam's Club. On a square foot basis, this translates to
$1,100 net sales, versus $400 for Wal-Mart and $680 for Sam's club. That's
impressive! And in contrast to its big-box peers, COST's international
operations in the U.K., Taiwan, Korea and Australia produce 14 percent returns,
well above its 7.2 percent capital costs.

COST's membership fee model, and its high customer quality base, compared to
Wal-Mart and Sam's, generates the highest near-term cash flow visibility in the
retail sector. And its loss-leader capabilities model (much superior to
Wal-Mart's) will continue to create good market share gains over the long term.

COST is so remarkably efficient that it collects cash from customers before it
has to pay its suppliers. Revenues and earnings should improve by 10 percent
this year and 23 brokerages suggest a high target price of $200.

-- Please address your financial questions to Malcolm Berko, P.O. Box 8303,
Largo, FL 33775, or email him at mjberko@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

MUGGING IN PROGRESS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 506 words


A scant 100 days into Andrew Cuomo's incumbency, a disturbing question must be
asked: Is he losing his stom  ach for the fight?

Everybody knows that the greed of the state's public-employee unions is exceeded
only by the venality of the state lawmakers who live to serve them.

But Cuomo promised to have no truck with that sort of thing - and stuck with his
vow during the recently concluded budget negotiations.

A new day in Albany?

Alas, the Citizens Budget Commission yesterday sounded the alarm on at least 55
bills that have been filed this year that would jack up "the
already-skyrocketing cost to taxpayers of retirement benefits for state and
local employees."

The added hit: a whopping $860 million - on top of an already sky-high $11
billion price tag, a jump of about 8 percent.

But rather than condemn the attempted mugging out of hand, Cuomo spokesman Josh
Vlasto said only that the governor "is reviewing the legislation."

That's not nearly good enough.

True, many of the bills are perennial "pension sweeteners" that lawmakers push
as payback for union support.

This tells you how much respect those legislators have for ordinary New Yorkers
and the economic future of the state.

That is, none whatsoever.

As the Manhattan Institute's E.J. McMahon noted on these pages yesterday,
pension costs eat up 20 percent of the city's tax revenue, leaving little for
core services.

"It's astonishing that these bills would be introduced in [this] fiscal
climate," CBC President Carol Kellerman said. "The bills reflect no
acknowledgement of the financial burden that taxpayers already bear."

The bills contain all kinds of pension goodies for public employees - at a cost,
CBC says, of $300 million to the state and $560 million to local jurisdictions.

The most alarming: a plan to let school districts borrow more than half a
billion dollars to cover teacher pension costs.

That money could then be used to avoid local budget cuts that sponsors say look
inevitable otherwise, as a result of Cuomo's necessary trims in state aid to
schools.

"We want to [alleviate] . . . pressure on local governments and school districts
and individual employees," says bill sponsor Sen. Marty Golden (R-Brooklyn), a
perennial union patsy.

Obviously Golden and Democratic Assembly sponsor Peter Abbate couldn't care less
that borrowing to fund current-day expenses is the same as taking a mortgage to
pay grocery bills - and that it's what almost brought down New York City a
generation ago.

Anyway, what Golden and Abbate really want to alleviate is pressure on
themselves - brought by their true masters, the unions.

But, again, that's not news.

What is disturbing - shocking - is Cuomo's unwillingness to condemn the
chicanery out of hand.

He doesn't have to "review" a thing to understand that if localities get to
borrow their way out of aid reductions, his new budget is reduced to a game of
three-card monte.

And if the unions muscle this through, Cuomo's game is up before it really
begins.

He needs to stop it - now.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 22, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

PROGRESSIVE: SURVIVING AT (ALMOST) 100

BYLINE: Doug Moe

SECTION: FRONT; DOUG MOE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 776 words


It has been nearly three decades since I spent a morning in the Downtown Madison
offices of The Progressive magazine, interviewing its feisty editor, Erwin
Knoll, about the magazine's controversial "H-bomb Secret" story and asking a
more fundamental question.

That question, in fact, was used as the headline when my piece ran in Milwaukee
Magazine: "Can The Progressive Survive?"

Monday morning I was back in the offices of The Progressive, which answers that
earlier question. The Progressive is still around, and still raising hell with
its commentary and investigations championing human rights and individual
liberties.

There is much serious work to do, saving the world from corporate venality and
American empire-building, but on Monday, The Progressive's current editor, Matt
Rothschild, was talking about - of all things - a party.

"People don't celebrate enough," Rothschild was saying. "Especially on the left.
We want to have fun."

Give Rothschild this: He has an excellent excuse for a party. Next year, The
Progressive turns 100, and for the past several months, Rothschild and the
magazine's staff have been planning a centennial bash that will include a
special issue of the magazine, a book comprised of the best stories to appear in
The Progressive's first 100 years, seminars, speeches, and, yes, a party.

And get this. Robert Redford has signed on as honorary chairman of the
celebration.

"He's planning on being here," Rothschild said of the Hollywood icon and
environmentalist, unless some movie business emergency should arise to keep him
away.

Redford's participation - the events are slated for next May 1-2 - speaks to The
Progressive's standing as a citadel of the American left. The list of
contributing writers speaks to it as well, and included in the new book, to be
published in April, are pieces by Carl Sandburg, John F. Kennedy, James Baldwin,
William O. Douglas, Jane Addams, Murray Kempton, Upton Sinclair, David
Halberstam and Molly Ivins.

"It is just amazing the people who pop up," Rothschild said, adding that the
current staff felt "astonished and humbled" on learning the extent of the legacy
they are carrying on.

Rothschild personally looked at every issue of The Progressive, which began on
Jan. 9, 1909, as La Follette's Weekly, named for its founder, Robert M.
"Fighting Bob" La Follette, then representing Wisconsin in the U.S. Senate. La
Follette said he wanted to present an alternative to what he called "the
reactionary press."

It became The Progressive in 1929, after La Follette's sons worked out an
agreement with Capital Times founder William T. Evjue to publish the magazine.
Evjue was bought out by the La Follettes in 1940, and Morris Rubin was installed
as editor.

On Oct. 6, 1947, Rubin wrote an article headlined, "The End of the Progressive."
Money woes, a constant concern, had finally become overwhelming. But then a
remarkable thing happened. The magazine's readers refused to let it die.
Contributions poured in, and monthly publication resumed in 1948.

Memorable issues in the years since include a 96-page special in April 1954
devoted entirely to U.S. Sen. Joseph McCarthy. The Progressive took McCarthy
personally; the issue exposing the excesses of the senator from Wisconsin had a
special printing of 200,000 and won several awards.

The cover story of the November 1979 issue created a furor before it was even
printed, with the cover billing: "The H-bomb Secret: How we got it - why we're
telling it."

A freelance journalist named Howard Morland, deeply committed to nuclear
disarmament, had made a disturbing discovery while poking around in unclassified
books, journals and government reports. He had learned how to make a hydrogen
bomb.

When The Progressive sought experts to verify Morland's facts, one of them
contacted the government, which sued to stop publication of the article. They
succeeded for seven months. By the time of publication, the magazine's profile
was higher than ever, and so was its debt, due to legal bills. It was a short
time later that I interviewed editor Erwin Knoll for his take on whether The
Progressive could survive.

The colorful Knoll, who had replaced Rubin as editor, died in 1994. Knoll was a
tough act to follow, but Rothschild, who has been affiliated with the
Progressive for 25 years, has succeeded. Readership is strong, with circulation
above 50,000. The 100th anniversary is in good hands.

When I asked Knoll if his magazine could survive, he replied: "That's a good
question. But what interests us even more is the question: Can The Progressive
change the world?"

That would certainly be something to celebrate. In the meantime, turning 100
isn't bad.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact Doug Moe at 608-252-6446 or dmoe@madison.com

GRAPHIC: The cover of the first issue of La Follette's Weekly, dated Jan.9,
1909. It late became The Progressive, and next year The Progressive will mark
its 100th aniversary with a celebration in Madison chaired by Robert Redford.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                    September 19, 2005 Monday CITY-D EDITION

John Grogan / From the people, a cry of 'enough!'

BYLINE: By John Grogan; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; BRIEF; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 704 words


Even as thousands of Pennsylvanians register their outrage over the
legislature's double-digit pay hike, others simply shrug and ask with
resignation, Whattaya gonna do?

They're beaten down, and who can blame them? They've seen it all before: The
venality, the pocket lining, the corruption. They've seen scandals come and
scandals go and reform efforts fizzle. In the end, nothing changes. The furor
dies; the incumbents are reelected. The cycle continues.

I don't share their cynicism.

Quite the opposite. I'm buoyed by the state of governance in Pennsylvania. I'm
downright gleeful over it.

That's because something is happening across this state that has not happened in
a long, long time. The sheep have awoken. Voters are rising up and fighting
back. They're demanding better. And the pols are running scared.

It's representative democracy in action. And it feels good.

If Walt Whitman were among us today, he'd be singing a song of praise. Thomas
Jefferson would be nodding his approval. Ben Franklin would be, well, hitting on
my sister. But after that, he'd be giving a hearty endorsement to the people
rising up to take back their government.

This could be Pennsylvania's finest hour since that day in 1776 that started it
all. This could be the hour when elected representatives finally figure out
there is a limit to what their constituents will tolerate.

Counting on apathy

Lawmakers passed their pay raises at 2 a.m. July 7. No need for public debate;
the deal was worked out behind closed doors and votes counted in advance. Done
deal. They gambled the public backlash would last only a few weeks before apathy
returned.

Yet here it is nearly October and the voting public, so scorned for its short
memory, still has not forgotten. If anything, the foment builds.

Legislators crossed an invisible line with the late-night pay raise and their
decision to circumvent the state constitution by taking the money early in the
form of "unvouchered expenses." Now the public, from South Philly to Erie, from
Altoona to Wilkes-Barre, is on its feet, punching mad.

Since July 7, I have heard from hundreds of residents incensed at the way the
pay raises were enacted. And I can tell you they cover the political, economic
and cultural spectrum. I've heard from farmers and factory workers, physicians
and professors, soccer moms and retirees. They're using the Internet to organize
and communicate and grow. Their goal: throw the bums out of office.

Lawmakers are all but wetting their pants. It is a beautiful thing to see.
Democracy at work. This summer of our discontent may just be the watershed that
could change the way government works in Pennsylvania.

New wind blowing

I don't want to sound too Pollyanna. I'm not expecting miracles. Will voters be
able to toss out all, even most, of the lawmakers who backed the pay raise? Not
a chance. But when people unite, things can and do change.

Already, rank-and-file legislators are nipping at their leadership, angry at the
pickle the pay-raise debacle has put them in. Public rifts are opening in the
state Republican and Democratic Parties over this embarrassment.

At a recent Republican State Committee meeting, members passed a resolution
criticizing their own party's leadership in the legislature for the
controversial pay raise. Amazing.

A bipartisan group of state reps last week announced a pair of bills - one to
rescind the legislative raises entirely (a long shot); the second to outlaw the
unethical practice of taking pay disguised as "unvouchered expenses" (not such a
long shot).

Gov. Rendell, always the sly political chameleon, has reversed course and is now
condemning the unvouchered expense loophole he earlier had signed off on.

Anyone who believes things never change needs to wake up. The imperial fortress
is crumbling before our eyes.

Whatever happens, this much is certain: The political power structure can no
longer blithely assume the old rules of business apply.

A new wind is blowing across this state, the wind of an engaged and energized
electorate on full alert. By the people, for the people. Sweet, isn't it?

Post a question or comment for John Grogan at http://go.philly.com/askgrogan

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 28, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Market Forces Can't Drive Doctors' Decisions;
How Physicians Think

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 5;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 238 words


To the Editor:

In "Doctors Say H.M.O.'s Limit What They Can Tell Patients" (front page, Dec.
21), you make the simplistic assumptions that all the physicians interviewed
have only the best interest of the patient at heart and that the physician can
be expected totally to make the appropriate decision about what is best for the
patient. With these assumptions, it then follows that any interference by an
H.M.O. is arbitrary and obstructive.

In practice, physicians' decisions are often colored by patient demands,
venality, insufficiently current information, stylistic peculiarities or
laziness. In "Doctors Often Fail to Heed Wishes of the Dying Patient" (front
page, Nov. 22), you reported the lack of conformity of many physicians not only
with currently accepted standards of care, but even the expressed wishes of
patients. There is extensive scientific evidence that physicians'
decision-making often varies drastically depending on factors like geographic
area of practice, age and gender.

As an example, there is a consensus among orthopedists that magnetic resonance
imaging of the knee is rarely indicated, since almost all clinical decisions can
be and should be based on a physical exam and the patient's course. Despite this
standard, hundreds of such tests (at $700 to $1,200 each) are probably done each
day in the New York metropolitan area.

JOSEPH GERSTEIN, M.D.
Watertown, Mass., Dec. 24, 1995

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              102 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 22, 1994

PAPERBACKS;
Books

BYLINE: NICHOLAS LEZARD

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 407 words


Diaries, by Alan Clark

(Phoenix, pounds 6.99)

THE great thing about Alan Clark is that what you suspect High Tories think only
in their maddest moments, he actually says, and says forcefully and wittily.
Regular readers of this paper are warned that many of his opinions will give
them the vapours, but Clark is to be cherished for exposing Westminster's
venality and childishness. Lecherous, hedonistic, appallingly snobbish, he is,
at least, honest.

The Best of Granta Reportage

(Granta Books / Penguin, pounds 7.99)

GRANTA has always been exceptionally good at reportage, and here are some brief
snapshots of the last quarter-century's more vicious moments - from the grim,
absurdist comedy of Ryszard Kapuscinski's "The Soccer War" to Richard Rayner's
panic during the Los Angeles riots. Ian Jack's essay on the SAS Gibraltar
murders is particularly unmissable.

Poison for Teacher, by Nancy Spain

(Virago, pounds 5.99)

PART of a new Virago series called "Lesbian Landmarks", ie key moments in
lesbian fiction. Lest people think this will be an exercise in over-earnestness,
here is Nancy Spain's 1949 comedy detective novel, in which the beautiful
Natasha Nevkorina and Miriam Birdseye (aka Hermione Gingold) dash off to solve
some murky goings-on at the posh girls' school, Radcliff [sic] Hall (aka
Roedean). Very silly, full of in-jokes and camp as Christmas.

The Songs of the South, translated by David Hawkes

(Penguin Classics, pounds 8.99)

ONE of the two ancient anthologies of Chinese poetry (the other being Songs of
the North) which more or less defined Chinese poetry from the second century AD
to the present day. This was pre-Confucian, shamanistic China, yet the concerns
are timeless: war, sex, death and weary suffering under tyrants. "Bi Gan was cut
up and made into pickles./

In former times it was always like this; / Why should I complain of the men of
today?"

Virtual Light, by William Gibson

(Viking, pounds 9.99)

A NASTY place, the future. Privatised police forces, skin cancer, a ruthless,
impregnable upper class and a seething, disenfranchised underclass. Nifty
gadgets, though. Although Gibson has already slipped up badly by suggesting that
21st century Land Rovers will still be British-made, it all seems horribly
plausible. His grasp of character is basic at best, but imagine Raymond Chandler
in a Virtual Reality suit and you're just about there.


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              103 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 6, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Albany Pols Who Love Plastic Bags

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 491 words


When it comes to behaving badly, the New York State Legislature has been
thinking outside the box. There are, it turns out, ways to do the wrong thing
that go beyond the usual influence-peddling, bribing, extorting and other common
varieties of Albany venality.

There is, for example, undoing good work done elsewhere. That is the aim of a
noxious bill that has gained momentum in the waning days of the Albany session.
It would squelch New York City's recently adopted 5-cent fee on disposable
plastic shopping bags.

The City Council, after years of deliberation and through a finely wrought
compromise, passed the fee as an antipollution measure. It seeks to sharply
reduce the use of the bags, whose ubiquity and near-indestructibility have made
them one of the city's signature eyesores and a serious environmental threat.

The state legislation, sponsored in the Senate by Simcha Felder, a Brooklyn
Democrat, and in the Assembly by Michael Cusick, a Staten Island Democrat, would
forbid any city to impose fees or taxes to discourage the use of plastic bags.
The measure would, in a stroke, force the city to accept the perpetuation of the
plastic-trash free-for-all, with tons of discarded bags clogging the sewers,
festooning tree branches and littering sidewalks.

Why would Albany do this? Because Albany can. Because New York City has no power
compared with the muscle Albany can flex. Because the will of a sovereign city
counts for little when there are populist points to be scored, and
plastic-bag-maker lobbyists to please.

The bag fee is not, in the scheme of things, earth-shattering. It's a nickel. It
is not a tax -- the city doesn't collect or spend any of the revenue -- it's
just a calculated inconvenience to give consumers an incentive to shop with
reusable bags. The fee is potentially annoying, but it spares the poor and
businesses that would suffer unduly, for benefits that would be enjoyed across
the populace. Cities that have tried fees have found that they work splendidly.

But for meddlesome reasons, some Albany pols want to overrule the City Council,
citing dubious principle. ''You're irritating people to change their behavior --
that's not what we're here for,'' Mr. Felder said recently.

Some would argue that it's the state legislators who do the irritating, which is
easy enough under a system of government that forces the city and its mayor to
go begging to Albany for money and permission to do basic things like run the
schools, regulate traffic and, in this case, somehow shrink a mountain of
plastic trash. Getting a handle on disposable bags was a simple, smart decision
that the City Council should have been able to make for itself. If the
Legislature persists in passing this meddling bill, then Gov. Andrew Cuomo will
have to be the grown-up who sets this particular wrong right.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/06/opinion/the-albany-pols-who-love-plastic-bags.
html

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              104 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           October 7, 1971, Thursday

SECTION: Page 34, Column 1

LENGTH: 81 words

NY Tenant Orgns repr Michael Ehrmann charges Fed and NYC officials are holding
secret negotiations on exempting city rents from nationwide freeze to permit
rent increases under maximum base rent formula due to go into effect in '72; NJ
Tenants Orgn pres M Aranow says steps to form natl orgn are being taken; UAW
official J Jacobson denounces Nixon's wage-price freeze as 'premeditated
venality'; holds such freeze inequitable in light of other econ factors that are
not subject to it

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              105 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Descendants Of a Long Line Of Scoundrels

BYLINE: By PETER APPLEBOME.

E-mail: peappl@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; OUR TOWNS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 744 words


You would like to believe there's been a little piling on about this New Jersey
corruption business.

Yes, the recent unfortunate news, the sort of Biblical numerology -- 44 accused,
including 3 mayors, 2 state assemblymen and 5 rabbis -- and the Elmore Leonard
details like the sale of kidneys and the Apple Jacks cereal box stuffed with
$97,000 do fit a too-familiar narrative.

But still, the disaster that is the New York State Legislature? The comic opera
of Governor Blago in Illinois? The quaint ethical customs of Louisiana? It's not
as if New Jersey has a corner on this market. Alas, when perhaps the most
succinct historical survey of New Jersey corruption began by citing Thucydides
and Tolstoy, you get the feeling there really is an epic tale here.

''I came to appreciate how Thucydides must have felt when he sat down to write
his history of the Peloponnesian wars or Leo Tolstoy his 'War and Peace' -- wow,
there's a lotta material here!,'' began the historian Marc Mappen, in ''The
Serpent in the Garden State: A Brief History of New Jersey Corruption.''

Dr. Mappen, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission, put the
material together for a speech  at Rutgers University in 2005.

His tour ''down venality lane'' began at the beginning. While some colonies,
like Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, started with the utopian idea of fulfilling
God's will on earth, New Jersey, he said, began in 1664 as a real estate play
controlled by shareholders who sought to make money selling land.

Passing over the scary initial plan of not one, but two Jerseys, East and West,
proper government began in 1703 when Queen Anne sent a distant cousin, Lord
Cornbury, to be the first royal governor of New Jersey. Described by his
admiring subjects as a ''detestable maggot,'' he set the tone for future
generations by accepting bribes from all corners before being recalled to
England.

The state's first big idea, the 1791 plan for a modern industrial city at
Paterson, nearly flopped when the first director showed a proclivity for bad
investments and graft and ended up in debtors' prison. An early dispute, over
whether to put a new courthouse in Newark or Elizabethtown, ended in a vote so
patently crooked that The New Jersey Journal reported that ''a more wicked and
corrupt scene was never exhibited in this state or in the United States.''

On and on it goes. The state's first truly modern economic juggernaut, the
Camden & Amboy railroad monopoly of the 1830s, was its era's ultimate patronage
and kickback machine (''There never was a more complete master anywhere of the
decisions of a state than this monster monopoly,'' a journalist then wrote.)

DURING the Gilded Age corruption of the 1870s, it was hard to top Alexander
Hamilton (not the one shot by Aaron Burr), treasurer of Jersey City, who
absconded with $86,000, almost the city's entire treasury, and fled to Mexico.
Business was so tainted and the costs of building and maintaining the State
House in the late 19th century were so inflated, Mr. Mappen referred to it as
''a pyramid of plunder.''

It was not just about money. When members of the state's power elite went on
trial in 1903 after a trolley filled with children was hit by a locomotive,
killing 9 and injuring 30, the judge, a former railroad company lawyer,
dismissed the case four days into the trial. Critics howled the case was fixed.

And it was not just about petty graft. When Lincoln Steffens, the muckraking
journalist of the early 20th century, surveyed the trusts that set up shop in
New Jersey because of the state's cozy incorporation laws that shielded them
from regulation, he wrote a famous article entitled ''New Jersey: A Traitor
State?'' It concluded: ''New Jersey is selling out the rest of us.''

We'll skip over the Golden Age of Hudson County corruption, Prohibition and the
rise of the mob, and the rest.

The best spin you can put on it is that you could do a survey elsewhere -- Rhode
Island, Nevada, Louisiana, New York -- and have an equal amount of fun. And you
could say that, beginning with the new Constitution of 1947 and subsequent
reforms, New Jersey has tried, it really has, to clean its house.

But then some things just don't seem to change. ''There's no money in being a
congressman,'' Hugh J. Addonizio, Newark's mayor during much of the 1960s, is
said to have told a contractor who later turned informant. ''But you can make a
million bucks as mayor of Newark.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              106 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 9, 1998, Friday

New Films: The search for brutal truths, the lure of morbid fantasies; ROUND-UP

BYLINE: LIESE SPENCER

SECTION: FEATURES; Page  8,

LENGTH: 1306 words


The End of Violence (15)

Wim Wenders is back on form with this stylish and intelligent techno- noir about
a NASA plot to "end violence as we know it" through mass surveillance.  Gabriel
Byrne is the scientist at work in his multi-screened observatory above Los
Angeles (a Rear Window Hitchcock would have been proud) when he sees what looks
like an assassination in progress. What he partially captures on his camera is,
in fact, kidnap victim Mike Max (Bill Pullman), a wealthy producer of slam bam
Hollywood action movies, who has been abducted by two hired hitmen. Moments
later the two captors are gunned down and Pullman escapes, going to ground with
a group of Latino gardeners as detective Doc Block (Loren Dean), a fan of his
films, is brought in to investigate the mysterious killings. Was Max somehow
responsible for the men's death, or is there another force at work?

Part LA mystery, part self-reflexive meditation on cinema, Wenders' film moves
between a clutch of characters who are all, in their way, victims of violence.
Although Wenders' stated intention was to explore the desensitising brutality of
modern movies, the film works best as a chilled-out conspiracy thriller. As Bill
Pullman drawls in one of his laconic voice-overs, "paranoia is our number one
export" and in the modern world "everybody needs an enemy".

While the film has many flaws (Andie Macdowell's poorly realised corporate wife,
misconceived moments of comedy), it's worth watching alone for the way in which
Wenders and his cameraman Pascal Rabaud capture the sprawling alienation of LA.
A beautiful, millennial dystopia, Wenders' city is wired in every sense: a
hi-tech network of freeways thrumming with venality and latent aggression, its
sky blinking with the unseen, electronic eyes of satellites.

Kissed (18)

As a young girl Sandra Larson (Molly Parker) likes to play with dead animals, as
a student she studies embalming, so it's little surprise when the wraith-like
star of Lynne Stopkewich's impressive first feature graduates to full-blown
necrophilia with a succession of stiffs at the funeral parlour where she works.

Set in the 1970s, Lynne Stopkewich's study of necrophilia is short on
sensationalism - as leached as one of Sandra's corpses - but certainly far from
dead boring. Sex and death are on the slab, but the director's delicate
dissection of moribund desire is more metaphysical love story than visceral
horror or hip sexploitation flick. "It's like staring at the sun without going
blind," says Sandra of her clandestine clinches, and Stopkewich discreetly
floods the screen with blinding white light during her moments of existential
ecstasy.

Indeed, so cool and calm is Stopkewich's handling of her subject, that Kissed
would verge on anaemia if it weren't for its rich seam of mordant humour. "I
don't fuck everything that's dead," snaps Sandra to one of her boyfriend's
interminable inquiries, while her lugubrious mortician mentor Mr Wallis (Jay
Brazeau), with his tradesman-like efficiency and penchant for deceased boys, is
a sublimely sinister comic creation.

Despite such flashes of deadpan wit, Kissed is ultimately strangely moving.
Shot through with a wan melancholy and sensuality, the film subtlety captures
the isolation of a woman who only really feels alive when cuddling up to a
corpse.

The Winter Guest (15)

Sincere and admirably unsentimental, Alan Rickman's austere debut makes for
rather chilly viewing at this time of year. Set in a remote Scottish town on a
day so cold that the sea has frozen over, The Winter Guest stars Phyllida Law as
an old woman determined to chip away at the icy grief of her widowed daughter
Emma Thompson.

With the magical cessation of the waves, time is frozen for the town's other
inhabitants, who escape quotidian reality to ponder over life and death. At a
bus stop a pair of old ladies rally for their latest funeral jaunt. Elsewhere,
Thompson's teenage son hesitantly approaches sex with a feisty young admirer
while down on the beach a pair of schoolboys find an unorthodox use for Deep
Heat.

Adapted from a stage play, Alan Rickman's beautifully photographed directorial
debut betrays its origins in its episodic structure and theatrical dialogue.
While the acting is uniformly fine and Law's performance superb, the film's
loose vignettes finally fail to cohere into a profound whole. This would matter
less, perhaps, if Rickman, who has been brave enough to allow space and silence
into his collection of character studies, didn't fill every one of these moments
of reflection with plangent piano music.

The Jackal (18)

This is a glossy retread of The Day of the Jackal with Bruce Willis as the
assasin paid $ 70m by the Russian mafia to bump off the head of the FBI. Shiny,
sprawling and risibly scripted, the movie offers viewers the dubious twin
pleasures of Willis's Jackal in a series of fright wigs and Richard Gere as
Declan Mulqueen, the charming IRA terrorist released from prison to identify his
old adversary. In fact, Gere's Irish isn't half bad, but skipping between
Moscow, Helsinki, London and America, director Michael Caton-Jones squanders the
slow, screw-turning suspense of the original while offering only a slurry of
post-Cold War action cliches in return. Trying his best to be impassive, Willis
can't resist the old smirk (old habits Die Hard), although he does get to kiss a
man on the mouth in this movie, something John McClane would surely never do
(even if he got to kill him afterwards, as Willis does here).

Sidney Poitier's FBI deputy, meanwhile, offers the veteran's familiar brand of
creaky dignity, so it's left to Diane Venora to steal the show as fearsomely
tough Russian FBI operative Valentina Koslova. Asked what her first name is by a
flirtatious Mulqueen, the chain-smoking Koslova scornfully replies "Major".  The
film's real star is, of course, Bruce's big gun. A monstrous, remote-controlled
mortar, it's tested in one particularly offensive scene by graphically
amputating the arm of a defenceless man, then blowing him to bits.  So when the
First Lady opens the New Hope children's cancer centre, you just know the gun's
going to be there, assaulting innocent civilians in much the same way that
Caton-Jones' violent action thriller assaults the audience - firing off endless
rounds of chases and shoot- outs in the hope of finally hitting his target.

Picture Perfect (PG)

What is it with weddings? Ever since Four Weddings and A Funeral no romantic
comedy is complete without them. After last year's My Best Friend's Wedding,
Picture Perfect manages to squeeze a couple in by having its romantic lead make
his living videoing them. At one such gig he meets Jennifer Anniston's unhappily
single twenty-something, but gets the brush-off after bouncing her on his knee
for a couple of wedding snaps.

The Big Haired One has other things on her mind, such as her big career
ambitions in advertising. Returning to work on Monday expecting promotion,
Anniston's dismayed to find her company prefers its employees married, and
preferably mortgaged. Enter Nick (Jay Mohr), whose appearance in Anniston's
wedding photos make him ideal to masquerade as her fake fiance, leading to the
inevitable misunderstandings and life lessons of your standard Hollywood comedy.
Wildly contrived, sticky sweet and featuring Kevin Bacon as a wolfish sex object
(err, I think NOT), Glenn Gordon Caron's Picture Perfect has its problems, but
scrapes by on the charms of its star. How the producers got the great Ileana
Douglas and Olympia Dukakis to appear in this piece of candyfloss is a mystery,
but the pair provide sterling support to Anniston's Rachel-esque turn, making
for light, bright and oh, all right, hopelessly schmaltzy entertainment.


LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              107 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JULY 25, 2004 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

The election Olympics: Thrill of venality, agony of deceit

BYLINE: Chris Satullo

SECTION: CURRENTS-EDITORIAL; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 751 words


Used to be, every fourth August, summer television would rise above stale reruns
and witless sitcoms to become an oasis of drama and riveting competition.

The political parties would hold their conventions. The sporting world would
hold its Olympics. America would kick back in its easy chair and enjoy the
shows.

Platform fights; platform diving. Protests in the streets; protests on the medal
stands. Anchors in the booths; anchors in the relays. Christopher Reeve at the
mike; Kerri Strug on the vault.

Part of the fun was how the back-to-back events aped each other. The Olympics
were intensely political, the Cold War by proxy. Convention delegates carried on
like Brazilian soccer fans; TV pundits analyzed campaign strategy like Billy
Packer dissecting a bounce pass.

I used to lap it up.

No more. The salt has lost its savor. Conventions have become so false and
formulaic that network TV can barely pay attention. The Athens Olympics are
sneaking up with scarcely a frisson of interest; the only chatter is about
terror and steroids. Ycch.

Clearly, change is needed. My humble proposal: Combine the two events. Restore
fun and drama by turning the conventions into one massive, Olympic-style
competition for political players. The party that wins the medal count gets the
White House. Now that would build ratings.

Just imagine these events:

Poll vault: Political consultants compete to offer the most absurd spin on the
latest Zogby voter survey. Medal favorites: James Carville, Karl Rove.

100-meter Daschle: Party leaders test who can talk the longest without saying
anything remotely interesting. Medal favorite: The event got its name for a
reason.

The Requestrian Competitions: This is a grouping of three events:

1. The Buy-athlon: Campaign donors vie to see who can acquire the souls of the
most senators in a 24-hour period. 2000 medalists: Enron, Global Crossing.

2. Synchronized lobbying: Corporate advocates have one hour to see who can whip
up a majority for the most narrowly targeted tax break. Favorite: David Cohen of
Comcast.

3. 200-meter Sprint: Gold goes to the most ludicrously self-interested proposal
for regulating local phone competition. Medal favorite: Can you hear them now?

"Torch" relay: Members of Congress see who can most swiftly end a conversation
with their now-toxic former colleague, Bob Torricelli. Medal favorite: Jon
Corzine.

Tramp-oline: Women involved with philandering pols compare book deals. This
year's favorite: Jessica Cutler a.k.a. "Washingtonienne." Previous gold
medalists: Donna Rice, That Woman.

Long jump: Victory goes to the party-switcher who logs the most television
airtime. Medal favorite: Ronald Reagan Jr.

Platform diving. In the final round, the winner must execute the reverse, 2 1/2
flip-flop from the pike position. Medal favorite: George W. Bush.

"The Hammer" throw: Alas, this event had to be scrapped. Tom DeLay refused to
wear the leotard.

Yeccho-groanin' wrestling: Talk-show hosts grapple with one another in a mud
pit. Likely gold-medal bout: Bill O'Reilly vs. Al Franken.

Steeplechase: Which party can work the most coded allusions to the Bible into
speeches? Medal favorite: The GOP rules this event, but Dems this year went to a
secret camp in the Poconos to bone up on Scripture.

Mayor-athon: Which mayor can gladhand longest without mentioning scandals back
home? Past medalists: Buddy Cianci, Rudy Giuliani. This year's favorite: He's
havin' a great day.

Uneven parallels: TV talking heads dredge up inane metaphors for convention
events. Medal favorite: Dan Rather is the Lance Armstrong of this event, but
this year Tucker Carlson may give him as much of a tussle as a premenstrual
armadillo with its snout caught in a wagon wheel.

Diss-Cuss: Partisans volley lewd, rude, crude insults. Medal favorites: Whoopi
Goldberg, Dick Cheney.

Individual medley: Four skills in one event: (1) The Butterfly: Bouncing from
topic to topic in a TV interview. (2) The Pat-on-the-Backstroke: Taking credit
for anything that went right in the last four years. (3) The Crawl: Taking the
longest time to leave the stage after a speech. (4) The Breast-stroke. Medal
Favorite: Hey, Bill Clinton holds the world record.

Skulling (and Bonesing): Laurels go to the member of an elite secret society who
wins the highest office in the next election. Medal favorite: John Kerry.

Chris Satullo is editorial page editor. To comment, call 215-854-4243 or e-mail
csatullo@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Center Square

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 12, 1989, Monday, Final Edition

The Shortsighted Estatecraft of Bradley Martin

BYLINE: Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C2; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1258 words


It's quite impossible to suppress a smirk of mild pleasure over what happened at
Sotheby's auction shop in New York last week. Much money passed among hands
there as the estate of a wealthy book collector named H. Bradley Martin went on
the block, and it looks as though both Sotheby's and the estate eventually will
turn a handsome profit; but for the moment at least the profit isn't quite so
handsome as anticipated, because a lamentable if understandable decision by the
estate's executors hasn't exactly produced the desired results.

This is a story about rich people and their expensive playthings, and as such
should arouse little except contempt among the rest of us. But the story also
touches on a larger question: What obligation do those in possession of
culturally important work have to ensure that it remains untouched by the baser
interests of commerce? Is the individual fortunate enough to be able to collect
works of art responsible only to himself, or does such good fortune carry with
it a duty to protect the public's stake in these objects?

Surprisingly, given the venality of so many who are wealthy to excess, there is
a strong tradition of respect for artistic integrity and of generosity to
institutions that make art available to the public. Most of the great museums in
this country and many of the smaller ones -- the Frick in New York, the Phillips
in Washington, the Walters in Baltimore -- owe their existence to rich patrons
who, nearing the end of their lives, decided to institutionalize part or all of
their private collections. Perhaps this was a way of bartering their way past
Saint Peter, but no matter; it reflected a conviction, however reluctantly
arrived at, that important works of art or literature transcend the grubby world
of money and must be treated accordingly.

There is no evidence, though, of any such conviction on the part of anyone
connected with the estate of H. Bradley Martin, an heir to a steel fortune who
died last year and left, according to the estate's tax return, nearly $ 52
million. Martin is described by those who knew him as reclusive and gentlemanly,
but he was no philanthropist; not a cent of his estate is willed to charity, and
nothing in his astonishing collection of books is willed to a library or any
other scholarly institution -- though much in the collection is, to put it
mildly, of scholarly concern.

Why this should be so is a mystery. My colleague David Streitfeld, writing in
The Washington Post last week, offered the interesting speculation that Martin
"couldn't force himself to make a decision about his collection ... because he
couldn't bear the thought of parting with any of it." But whatever the
explanation, in his will he made no specific provision for the collection beyond
permission for his executors, should they so choose, to sell all or part of it
"at a price that is less than they might otherwise be able to obtain" so as "to
keep all or any portion of such collection intact."

One such "portion" of the collection was "Illustrations of British Ornithology,"
an archive containing 277 original watercolors by Prideaux John Selby, a
contemporary of John James Audubon whose work, though far less well known, is
considered by scholars and ornithologists to be of comparable importance.
Martin's Selby archive was virtually complete, but it is no longer. The
executors of Martin's will, advised by the lawyer for the estate that "it would
be unwise to sell any part of the collection below market value because of
adverse tax consequences," authorized Sotheby's to break up the Selbys by
selling them individually.

This Sotheby's did, or attempted to do, last week. It framed each of the
watercolors in bird's-eye maple and put them on the block, expecting to take in
between $ 1.2 million and $ 1.8 million for the lot. But its highest
expectations were not met, which is why it's tempting to smirk. In a sale that
generally exceeded expectations -- an Audubon "Birds of America" went for a
record $ 3.96 million -- the Selbys brought a mere $ 1.48 million, and 68 of the
277 watercolors went without purchasers: not exactly peanuts, but not the
hoped-for bonanza either.

To those in the communities of art and scholarship who had vehemently protested
the desecration -- is there a better word for it? -- of "Illustrations of
British Ornithology," the failure of the pictures to sell as anticipated must
bring a degree of comfort, however cold. The decision to break up the archive
may have seemed necessary and justifiable to the executors -- who are, after
all, charged with representing the estate's best interests -- but it looks from
the outside for all the world like a cold choice of cash over art: Instead of
preserving the Selby collection intact, and thus maintaining a valuable piece of
cultural history, they broke it up for sale and, no doubt, for subsequent
display in the living rooms of stockbrokers, venture capitalists and other
lovers of life's finer things.

The words for this must be, as the former librarian of the Martin collection put
it, unsparing: "To rend apart an almost complete set of drawings for a pivotal
work on British birds is a crime against present and future scholarship." She's
right, but there's more to it than that: It's also a crime against the public,
against our common interest in our common history. In a way it's a crime without
criminals, for the executors were merely doing their jobs and Sotheby's was
merely cashing in, but all the same the end result is that an important
cultural, artistic and historical relic has been destroyed in order to increase
the financial value of what is already a large estate.

It's easy to blame the executors and auctioneers for this, as many in art and
scholarship have done, but that misses the point. If anyone is at fault for the
dispersal of Selby's watercolors it is H. Bradley Martin, who for whatever
reason failed to make proper provision for his collection while he was alive and
thus left the matter to the chilly workings of the law after his death. Martin
loved his books dearly, but he seems not to have comprehended them as anything
more than a personal possession and he seems to have felt no responsibility for
assuring that they remain in the pristine condition in which he had known them.

Martin may have provided that his books could be sold at less than market value
if necessary to keep them intact, but apparently that wasn't enough; his lawyer
has advised the executors "that that particular provision is ineffective." What
a pity, therefore, that Martin's view of his responsibilities as a privileged
collector was insufficiently expansive to include the notion that he should have
given specific instructions about specific books, or sets of books, of
particular importance; had he done so, the Selby work might have been saved and
this whole unsavory episode avoided.

Yet Martin's reputation, if not his estate, will pay for his imprudence. Had he
arranged to donate some of the most important parts of his collection to a
library or scholarly institution, he would have lived on as eponymous donor of
the H. Bradley Martin Collection, just as, for example, Linton Massey lives on
as donor of the superb Faulkner collection at the University of Virginia's
Alderman Library. Instead Martin leaves no monument, and his collection is being
dispersed in a manner of which he surely would not have approved; all those
years of collecting have come to naught, and in short time H. Bradley Martin
will be forgotten.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              109 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                      July 29, 2005 Friday CITY-D EDITION

John Grogan / Pay-raise travesty gets even worse

BYLINE: By John Grogan; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; BRIEF; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 676 words


Taxpayers, can you feel the burn?

The burn of dismay and anger and moral contempt for the pathetic excuse of an
elected public body that is the Pennsylvania General Assembly?

If you cannot - if the bile is not rising in your throat right now - you are not
paying attention.

This latest outrage is about a double-digit pay raise. And so much more.

It is about lawmakers' utter contempt for the very voters who put them in
office. It's about their foot-dragging in passing a modest minimum-wage increase
for the working poor while tripping over themselves to boost their own
paychecks.

It is about venality and greed and brazen, boundless hubris.

It is about a total lack of shame.

Ladies and gentlemen, we have just been gouged. Gouged by those we elected to
represent our interests in Harrisburg. And you know what? The politicians don't
care. They don't care because they know that, by the time the next election
rolls around, we will have forgotten. The sheep, they know, have short memories.

The state legislature's behavior surrounding its middle-of-the-night pay raise
to itself can be summed up with one word: Reprehensible.

Let us count the ways.

Hoodwinked

1. It was hammered out behind closed doors without public airing or input and
passed without discussion at 2 a.m., moments before lawmakers fled the Capitol
for summer recess.

2. The raises ranged from 16 percent to 34 percent in an economic climate where
most Pennsylvanians are lucky to see a 3 percent pay hike, if any at all.

3. The raises came on top of cost-of-living increases the legislature has
received every year for the last decade.

4. The state's top jurist, Supreme Court Chief Justice Ralph J. Cappy, mounted a
spirited public defense of the raises, calling them "reasonable and responsible"
without mentioning that he benefited by getting a $22,300 pay hike out of the
deal. No conflict there!

5. To receive the pay hike immediately, lawmakers subverted the state
constitution, which wisely bans legislators from accepting a pay raise in the
same term in which they vote for it. They are supposed to face reelection first.
But the current bunch found a way to take the raise as "unvouchered expenses"
until after the elections. Feeling the burn yet?

And now, just when you thought the behavior could get no more despicable, comes
the latest gem.

House Minority Leader Bill DeWeese last week summarily stripped 15 House
Democrats of their committee leadership positions - and pay - in apparent
retribution for their opposition to the salary raises.

An unseemly coincidence

All 15 had voted against the pay raises; each was replaced with a Democratic
lawmaker who voted in favor of the raises. Isn't that a coincidence?

Oil on ice does not get this slimy.

Who knows why the 15 opposed the raises? They might have been following their
consciences, or, perhaps, they merely lacked the fortitude to take the voter
heat, knowing the raises would safely pass regardless.

Either way, they voted the way virtually every taxpayer in this state would
want. And for it, they were demoted for daring to go against the machine.

"Unbelievable," a dismayed reader wrote me about this latest insult to be piled
upon the pay-hike travesty.

Believe it and weep, people.

I've heard from many, many of you asking how you can fight back. What you cannot
do is start a voter initiative to revoke the pay hikes. In Pennsylvania, all
ballot initiatives must be approved by (who else?) the legislature.

But you can start by writing your lawmaker (www.legis.state.pa.us

Your best shot might be to write or call Gov. Rendell (who is pushing DeWeese to
reverse the demotions) and urge him to use his bully pulpit to throw out the
bloated raises and start over. Tell him to do the right thing.

Tell him to do it for Pennsylvania. Tell him you'll remember it on Election Day.
Tell him at 225 Main Capitol Building, Harrisburg 17120; at 717-787-2500; or at
governor@state.pa.us

Post a question or comment for John Grogan at http://go.philly.com/askgrogan

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      June 18, 2002 Tuesday Final Edition

Cuba building shrine to Detroit: Love affair with cars 'a part of our heritage'
says museum overseer

SOURCE: New York Times News Service

BYLINE: Mark Stein

SECTION: Wheels; Pg. H24

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: Havana, Cuba

Cuba's government regularly excoriates the venality and duplicity of the United
States, blaming "Yankee capitalists" for almost all of the country's problems,
from the global investment climate to the weather.

Imagine the surprise of visitors who discover that the Cuban government is going
to the trouble of setting up an entire museum dedicated to one of the most
potent symbols of America's capitalist economy: the private automobile.

The collection is currently housed in an old ship-repair shed on an unusually
well-tended street in a gentrifying part of the old town near the bustling port.
Eduardo Mesejo, a somewhat reserved man who clearly takes his job seriously,
oversees the museum, a collection of 30 cars, seven motorcycles, three trucks
and assorted ancient gas pumps, stop signals and other detritus of Cuba's car
culture.

Mesejo appreciates the irony of a car museum to which tourists are likely to
arrive in a 1952 Plymouth or 1955 Ford. Old American cars are a signature of
this city, up there with salsa music and cigars.

He said that the passion that drives Cubans to keep 50-year-old Detroit iron on
the road, despite a 40-year-old U.S. economic boycott that effectively ended new
imports, explains why his institution is worth having. Auto-mania is a defining
characteristic of the country.

"It's a part of our heritage," he said.

In a tacit acknowledgment of that contribution to the culture, the government is
preparing to open a formal museum space next year.

Some of the best parts of the collection -- notably Che Guevara's Chevy, a 1960
mint green Bel Air that was his government car when he briefly served as
interior minister 40 years ago -- have already been relocated.

Just in time, too. About half of the cars still on display at the old place are
off-limits because the roof over them has partially collapsed. Still, Mesejo
said, about 30,000 people a year pay $1 each to see the cars in their current
home.

"Here is just a depository," Mesejo said, by way of explaining the modest
surroundings. "A place where we keep the bones until we can restore the cars."

Most of the cars on display are from the 1920s and '30s because they have
outlived their useful lives, even here.

In addition to several Ford Model T's and Model A's, the models on display
include a 1924 Packard sedan, a 1926 Willys Overland Whippet Model 96 touring
car, a 1930 V16 Cadillac limousine and a prewar Dodge hearse with a gilded
carved-wood body.

None of the cars have been restored, and all show signs of their very long, very
full working lives. One of the oldest in the collection, a 1915 Mack truck with
a crank-started 40-horsepower engine, toiled on a Cuban farm until 1970. Many
had modern parts added when the originals wore out.

"Right now, we are just trying to conserve the cars, to keep them safe," Mesejo
said. He estimated that all of the cars had at least 80 per cent of their
original parts, and all are either in running condition "or close to it."

The new museum will have a restoration workshop, he said, but he is not sure
whether the restorers will try to return the vehicles to like-new condition or
leave them with some signs of age.

There are also several relatively new cars, including a 20-year-old Daimler
limousine, a gift of the British embassy, and a 1982 Chevrolet Malibu Classic
donated by the ambassador of Peru.

Mesejo has donated a car to the collection himself: his father's 1953 Dodge
Kingsway.

"I wanted to fill in the collection," he said. "We have so few cars from the
'50s because they are all still on the road."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CP, File; Cuba is crawling with the cars that made our fathers
swoon, swept our mothers off their feet and made Detroit the world's Motor City.
Eduardo Leal, 38, holds a beer in Havana by a 1954 Cadillac Fleetwood he
inherited from his dad.; Photo: Southam Newspapers, Ottawa Citizen; This early
'50s Chevrolet, parked along a crumbling facade in Havana, likely contains an
'80s Russian-made engine.; Photo: Southam Newspapers, Ottawa Citizen; This 1957
Chevrolet is among the many American relics still in use on Cuba's roadways, and
highly prized because they can still be privately owned.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 16, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Action' defense: It's much more than offense

BYLINE: Gary Levin

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 376 words


Yes, there's the bleeped foul language, the sex and the two lead
characters -- a downright despicable movie producer played by
Jay Mohr and a child actress-turned-prostitute played by Illeana
Douglas.

But Fox's Action (premieres tonight, 9 ET/PT), the season's
most talked-about show in the media, isn't just about offending,
Mohr says. It's a wicked show-biz satire that pushes boundaries
to portray the venality of Hollywood.


"We are either going to change the face of network television
or be canceled 15 minutes into the first episode," he says.

Sen. Joseph Lieberman, D-Conn., and former Education secretary
William Bennett have condemned Fox with their Silver Sewer Award,
and the show has become a poster child for the new wave of edgy
content on broadcast television.

The controversy is likely to drive curious viewers to the sitcom,
but Action has to overcome crucial hurdles: sustaining
viewer interest with its insider parody; competing against NBC
in a tough time slot; and overcoming historic resistance to shows
led by contemptible characters. (Remember Dabney Coleman's TV
talk host, Buffalo Bill?)

Producer Chris Thompson vows to give Mohr's Peter Dragon a dose
of humanity. That's one reason the character has a young daughter
and is not seen just belittling his cowering minions.

"If he's running at 300 miles an hour in monster drive from beginning
to end, I don't think that's interesting," Thompson says. "Though
privileged and moneyed, he undergoes the trials of the job. I
have him lose a lot."

Mohr, 29, a former Saturday Night Live star who has appeared
in a dozen films, has had small sitcom roles, most recently on
The Jeff Foxworthy Show. But he is best known as Tom Cruise's
rival agent, Bob Sugar, in Jerry Maguire, and he concedes
Action's Dragon is essentially the same character, just
"a little less unctuous, because he's the boss."

Though Mohr says he had decided to stick with movies, he couldn't
resist the Action script. As a stand-up comic, "I used
to go to bed at 4 a.m." and sleep all day. Now, with a grueling
early-morning production schedule, "the hours kill me." That's
something even Peter Dragon could relate to.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Lavine, Fox Broadcasting; Mohr: 'Action' could
'change the face of network television or be canceled' tonight.

TYPE: TELEVISION

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              112 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 10, 2000, Friday

HISTORY SAYS DON'T PUT ANYTHING PAST TEAM AL

BYLINE: Steve Dunleavy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 561 words


WEST PALM BEACH

THIS fiasco is looking more like the aftermath of a Russian election rather than
the vote for president in the land of the free and home of the brave.

Here in this county, the Gore-ites whine by saying the ballot was confusing.

That tells you a little about the IQ of some voters and the venality of that guy
from Tennessee who wants to be president.

"The ballot has been used before [without complaint]," said former Secretary of
State James Baker, in Florida on behalf of the Bush camp.

"It was approved by elected Democratic officials and it was provided to the
candidates [of both parties] in advance."

Former Republican Florida Rep. Tillie Fowler said: "It was even published in
newspapers before the election. There were no complaints."

The irony of this mess is confounding.

Bill Daley, Gore campaign consigliere, said this mess presents the potential "of
an injustice unparalleled in history."

History for Bill Daley obviously started in 1961.

In 1960, there was more than glaring suspicion that Bill Daley's father Richard,
then mayor of Chicago, orchestrated something extremely naughty.

Allegedly he captained voter fraud in Illinois on behalf of John F. Kennedy over
Richard Nixon.

That was a cliffhanger election and Nixon could have demanded a recount, but he
refused.

"I could not subject the country to such a situation," Nixon said.

And yet Gore is the kind of liberal who spits when Nixon's name is mentioned.
That says something for his character.

It gets even better.

Attorney General Janet Reno said her Justice Department was monitoring the
situation closely.

Ho, ho, bloody ho.

Reno has turned so many blind eyes to the hijinks of Bill Clinton and Al Gore
that she would do well to buy a seeing-eye dog.

All this is happening as Washington lawyer Gregg Craig rushes to Florida to help
out the Gore-ites.

Remember good ol' Gregg?

He was Bill Clinton's personal lawyer during the Monica mayhem and was the
architect of the government kidnapping of Elian Gonzalez.

Tragically, this incredible boondoggle will take weeks to work itself out no
matter what the final count is.

Chris Lehane, Al Gore's mouthpiece, has virtually given that signal by saying
his campaign "has a right to a legal challenge."

You know, the Gore campaign just never quits in its whining.

Here they were demanding that Ralph Nader of the Green Party actually abandon
his whole campaign. They were genuinely angry that he had the impudence to
exercise his democratic right.

It was simply a case of get out of the race, make room for us. That's a kind of
democracy I've never heard of.

And that brings us to the full circle.

For eight years, Gore, as the vice chief of the Clinton gang, has been traveling
the world and from behind his desk in Washington spouting his ministry to the
leaders of the world.

He has never stopped lecturing other countries on the democratic way of life and
the institution of democracy.

Do you really think leaders of the foreign world could take him seriously ever
again?

And to put the topper on all of this, I refer you to the old quote from the
Soviet monster Josef Stalin: "It doesn't matter who votes. It is who counts
those votes."

And guess who was the superintendent overlooking the election process down here.

A Democrat.

Ho, ho, bloody ho.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              113 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           October 4, 1972, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 8

LENGTH: 202 words

NYC Mayor Lindsay charges, on Oct 2, that NYS Sup Ct is highly inefficient and
strongly susceptible to correction because it is controlled by pol bosses, int
commenting on NY Times article on leniency of Sup Ct judges toward members of
organized crime; holds NYS Sup Ct, as an inst, is instinctively unproductive and
subject to all possibilities of venality'; says judges for ct are selected 'in
most deplorable kind of backroom pol deals'; implies that NYS Gov Rockefeller
supports such deals for his own ends; criticizes Bklyn Dem leader M H Esposito
and his orgn for alleged influence on cts; says he thinks nearly all Bklyn
judges selected for Sup Ct in recent yrs owe their positions to Esposito;
criticizes news media and bar assns for not fighting harder for ct reform; says
he has tried for yrs to promote reforms only to be vigorously opposed by state
govt; cites some of his '66 proposals; explains his method of appointing judges
for NYC Criminal Ct; says screening com must first approve candidates; claims
his system has already produced marked improvements; Lindsay's counsel M J
Dontzin, H Ruth, dir of Mayor's Criminal Justice Coordinating Com, and Lindsay
press sec T B Morgan present at int

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              114 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            January 7, 2001, Sunday

Pick of the week

BYLINE: Steve Boyd

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 260 words


THE BRETHREN. By John Grisham

In the world of John Grisham, the one thing worse than a lawyer is a politician.
Both can be bought for surprisingly little, usually for rather less than the
tax-haven equivalent of 30 pieces of silver. The Brethren tells its story in two
strands, both marinaded in venality. In a low-security prison in Florida three
former judges (the Brethren) dispense justice to their fellow inmates. In
addition, they run a successful mail scam, to provide for their old age. This
involves placing advertisements in the personal column of a gay magazine asking
for middle-aged men to correspond with a young man, and then blackmailing those
who reply, by threatening to ruin their careers, marriages and family lives.
Meanwhile, in Washington the head of the CIA has decided to buy himself a
compliant president to counter the possibility of the rise of a new, hard-man
leader in Russia. He chooses Aaron Lake, an obscure Arizona congressman, and
launches him into the presidential race with unlimited financial backing on a
platform of doubling military spending. To reinforce its candidate's message
that America is defenceless and vulnerable, the CIA organises terrorist bomb
attacks on US installations around the world. Many American lives are lost, and
a Lake landslide seems inevitable. Grisham then draws the two sides of his story
together into a skilful and exciting climax. This is a novel of unrelenting
cynicism, whose only excuse is that there is no guarantee that it couldn't
happen (Arrow Pounds 6.99). SB


LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paperbacks; Books

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                              115 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Inquirer Editorial: Money isn't everything

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Nav Inquirer Opinion; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 173 words


Harrisburg seems determined to respond to reports of endemic venality by doing
as the district attorney advised in Chinatown: "as little as possible." Newly
disclosed findings of an abandoned investigation underscore the inadequacy of
its approach.

Following The Inquirer's reports that an informant posing as a lobbyist gave
money to at least four state representatives, lawmakers changed their rules to
ban cash gifts and began moving legislation to the same effect. But the state's
permissive laws on all sorts of noncash favors are an important part of the
problem.

The Inquirer reported Monday that Vanessa Lowery Brown, one of the implicated
representatives, was also recorded discussing the largesse of a drug
industry-backed organization that had paid for her to attend a three-day
conference in Naples, Fla., while staying at a Waldorf Astoria. Such gifts of
travel and hospitality remain unlimited, subject only to loose and lightly
enforced disclosure requirements, and unacceptably excluded from Harrisburg's
response so far.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday

Legislature distrusts the voters

BYLINE: WALDO PROFFITT Herald-Tribune Columnist

SECTION: A; COLUMNIST; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 910 words


The essential piece of information you need in order to understand what happens
in the Florida Legislature is this: The Legislature does not trust you. Yes,
you, as well as me, and the rest of the people who elect legislators in this
state.

I first began to suspect this to be true a few years ago when the Legislature
passed a proposed amendment to the Florida Constitution which required future
amendments to be passed by 60 percent of the vote -- a margin amounting to a
virtual landslide. Voters, deceived by an expensive and misleading barrage of
advertising and publicity, passed the amendment.

I wrongly attributed the Legislature's action to simple venality -- a desire to
stay in the good graces of the business groups that treat legislators so
generously. I think they acted then and are acting now from a deeper and darker
motive, a distrust of the ability of average Florida voters to make good
decisions, and a desire to keep the power of government concentrated in
Tallahassee.

Consider: In the closing days of the 2009 session, leaders in the House and
Senate rushed through the committee process and are poised to rush through both
houses legislation which would extensively alter Florida election laws, making
it more difficult for many of you to vote.

Florida law now requires voters to present photo ID before receiving a ballot.
Basically, this comes down to a valid driver's license, but a few other
quasi-official forms of identification have been allowed, including retirement
center and neighborhood association ID cards. These would be specifically ruled
out.

In recent years, there have been very, very few instances of unqualified people
trying to vote. This type of vote fraud is just not a threat, but the more
difficult it is for voters to provide an acceptable form of identification, the
more difficult it is for older citizens (many thousands of whom have thankfully
given up driving) or for younger citizens who may have moved from one precinct
to another without telling the voter registrar, to vote. And, that's fine with
the Legislature.

Other provisions of the 81- page bill would allow political action committees
registered in other states to be active in Florida without complying with our
strict campaign reporting requirements. Legislators could create leadership
funds to solicit large donations from special interests and lobbyists. Neither
bill expands early voting hours or locations -- an item of major concern to
elections supervisors in 2008.

There is not space here to list all the bad features of the bill, but the worst
is that it gives practically total control of elections to the Florida secretary
of state. This is especially galling to the voters of Sarasota County inasmuch
as we grasped early on the vulnerability to manipulation of touch-screen
machines with no written record. Against the opposition of the county supervisor
of elections, the secretary of state and most of the Legislature, we passed an
amendment to the county charter requiring a written record of the votes on each
machine and tougher inspections of machines than are mandated by the state
standard.

The charter amendment was passed in time to allow new machines for the 2008
election, but some of its provisions are still under challenge in court, and the
whole amendment could be nullified by the secretary of state if the Legislature
passes what is now proposed.

The Legislature is embarked on a project to increase its clout at the expense of
Florida voters. That does not seem to be the action of a group whose
constitutional role is to represent Florida residents.

And the message I want to leave with you is that, indeed, the members of the
Florida Legislature, by virtue of a deliberate strategy, diligently executed, do
not represent Florida residents or the views and interests of Florida residents.

Last time I looked up the figures, Florida had 4,722,076 registered Democrats
and 4,064,301 Republicans -- about 658,000 more Democrats than Republicans.

Yet, our delegation in the United States House of Representatives numbers 15
Republicans and 10 Democrats.

In the Legislature's House of Representatives, there are 77 Republicans and 43
Democrats, while in the Senate there are 26 Republicans and 14 Democrats.

Obviously a Republican has more voting power than a Democrat. How come?
Gerrymandering.

The Supreme Court in 2006 upheld the constitutionality of a 2003 Texas
gerrymander masterminded by the infamous Tom DeLay that switched the Texas
delegation from 17-15 Democratic to 21-11 Republican.

In light of that decision, what hope is there for eliminating gerrymandering in
Florida?

As it happens, two petitions are now being circulated to do just that. To get
the petitions on the ballot will require 676,811 signatures of Florida citizens
for each petition. The election legislation now being considered by the
Legislature makes it more difficult to collect signatures, and I am confident
this is one reason the Legislature is in such a hurry to pass this bill this
session.

Now, it is certainly true that for many years Democrats gerrymandered the state
to their advantage. And, someday when they get control of the Legislature will
do so again -- if it is still legal.

But, the simple and overriding truth is that gerrymandering by either party is
an affront to democracy and to the expectation that all men and women are equal
under the law.

Waldo Proffitt is the former editor of the Herald-Tribune. E-mail:
wproffitt@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 29, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Blind Justice and Tunnel Vision

BYLINE: HAYNES JOHNSON

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A2; HAYNES JOHNSON

LENGTH: 750 words


Immediately after Warren G. Harding's landslide presidential victory in 1920,
one of his political fixers boarded a train in their native Ohio and headed for
Washington.

"You ought to be in a position to get pretty much anything through down there if
it's right," a friend told the influence-peddler as he saw him off at the
station. The fixer replied, with a wink: "Hell! If it's right, they won't need
me."

It wasn't right, ethically speaking, and they did need him. His arrival, and
that of others like him, ushered in the era of pervasive corruption that marked
the rule of Washington by the "Ohio Gang." As historian Samuel Hopkins Adams
described it years ago in "The Incredible Era," his book on the Harding
scandals:

"The Ohio Gang traded in liquor withdrawal permits, protection to bootleggers,
appointments to office, illegal concessions, immunity from prosecution, pardons,
paroles, privileges and general graft."

Nothing approaching that scale of corruption, the sheer massive venality of it,
has been seen in Washington since. But as the Reagan administration begins to
pass into history, it increasingly seems to resemble the Harding period in terms
of the ethical climate it has set.

That unflattering portrait has become more sharply focused in recent weeks. It
comprises many parts, all related. None will be easily dissipated. They are
destined to form a major part of the political debates over who should be the
next president: the Reagan heir, Vice President Bush, or the new face as the
representative of change, Massachusetts Gov. Michael S. Dukakis.

First and foremost in the debate is the continuing embarrassment over the
stewardship of the Justice Department by Attorney General Edwin Meese III.

This situation has been permitted to fester until the entire world knows that
Meese's behavior has left the department riven with dissension and in a
near-open state of revolt by its most senior, and respected, professional
personnel. There is little in American history to match this episode.

Much more than Meese is at stake. The government's standards for administration
of justice have been indicted.

Then there is the spectacle of the administration's selective approach to
wrongdoing.

It publicly proclaims war against drugs but privately caters to the big
international drug dealers such as Panama's Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega because
he provides secret training grounds for U.S.-backed contra mercenaries receiving
illegal U.S. arms assistance.

It talks tough about crime but fights special prosecutors whose jobs were
created to fulfill the essential public role of watching the watchmen in
powerful places and guarding the guardians of law enforcement.

It erects "a stone wall," in the words of U.S. District Court Judge Gerhard A.
Gesell, between the court and the trial of the Iran-contra defendants. It also,
the judge charges, intentionally withholds "necessary evidence to the defense"
in the same judicial process. All of this comes nearly a year to the day after
the Iran-contra congressional committees began their celebrated but inconclusive
hearings amid pledges of full administration support in determining the truth
about that shameful and nationally damaging story.

Finally, there is the picture of the president himself.

Not once has Ronald Reagan spoken out against the ethical lapses of his
subordinates. On the contrary, he defends them when they run afoul of the law or
are accused of improprieties. He intrudes himself into the judicial process and
publicly prejudges them as not guilty despite overwhelming evidence to the
contrary.

In his blindness or insensitivity to appearances of conflict of interest, Reagan
begs comparison with Harding.

To quote Adams again: "There is something grimly ironic in the fact that
Harding, himself free of the taint of corruption, should have served as guaranty
for the most flagrant group of bandits known to Washington since the days of
Ulysses S. Grant. There is no doubt that he was for a long time ignorant of
those Ohio operations already becoming notorious among the cognoscente. So many
things go on in Washington that the White House never hears or, if it does hear,
only long after the fact."

He added: "Directly, Harding was blameless for what was going on. Indirectly, he
cannot be wholly exculpated. A president is measured, weighed and catalogued by
the character of his chosen intimates."

History will apply that standard when it assesses Reagan and the Reagan years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              118 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           February 18, 2006 Saturday

MEAN STREETS OF CHARACTER

BYLINE: JONATHAN DAWSON

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. B13

LENGTH: 439  words


The Lincoln Lawyer

By Michael Connelly

Orion, $32.95

MICHAEL Connelly has an unrivalled reputation for maintaining quality along with
razor-sharp plots. Detective Harry Bosch, for a long time, was his southern
Californian leading man and a brilliant, endlessly evolving series character. A
spin-off from the Bosch novels, Blood Work ended up as a pretty fine movie with
Clint Eastwood (he wrote and directed, too) as an FBI profiler and one-time
colleague of Harry's, retired from the Bureau after a heart transplant.

As usual, the novel was about venality and mortality both and in The Lincoln
Lawyer Connelly surprises with a new and very flawed hero, defence lawyer Mickey
Haller, a man who knows the price of good law but has forgotten the value of
self-respect -- and maybe of life itself.

Defending a rich smart kid from a charge of battery on a Los Angeles
actress/model, Mickey finds himself sucked into darker waters and, along with a
couple of ex-wives, soon is facing himself in a very unflattering mirror.

This is contemporary Californian crime at its best: plenty to fight for and a
lost soul or two to be saved. It's edgy, beautifully plotted and in Mickey
Haller has a protagonist well worth another turn around the mean streets before
Connelly retires him.

A Good Day to Die

By Simon Kernick

Bantam Press, $32.95

FIRST-time British novelist Kernick has cooked up a witches' brew of an
international thriller with this fast-paced, action-soaked brute of a novel that
rushes us to a runaway English cop-turned-Philippines hitman who jets back to
England to become an avenger in the deranged underworld of a London grown cold
and heartless.

When former London copper Dennis Milne hears an old colleague from the Met, Asif
Malik, has been killed in an apparently meaningless restaurant bloodbath, he
decides to head back from the tropical heat of his bolthole to the rapidly
increasing chill of home. He'd left town with plenty of trouble barking at his
back but it's nothing to what stirs to deadly life when he returns.

If you like your action reading crisp and heartless and your heroes icier than
the Thames in midwinter, Milne is your man and his chronicler Simon Kernick is a
talent to watch. Part bent-police procedural, part Point Blank, A Good Day to
Die is a Revenger's Tragedy for a new age.

This sort of muscular, slapdash yarn is designed for a generation who find
Graeme Greene's brilliant novels of crime and punishment look and feel like
Milly Molly Mandy. For writers such as Kernick, the stakes in British cities
were upped quite a while ago -- and they just keep rising as the real body count
outstrips that of fiction.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday

John Baer | Thanks a lot, all you turkeys

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 07

LENGTH: 595 words


I'M HAVING a newsman's Thanksgiving.

I'm thankful to Philadelphia, Harrisburg and D.C. for providing such fertile
venues for me and others in my business.

I mean, think it through.

These cities offer up a tight little devil's triangle of treats, a three-course
journalistic feast of venality, idiocy and incompetence, rivaling, I'd say off
the top of my head, anything of its kind anywhere on the planet.

Let's review.

For appetizers we have Philly's yummy pay-to-play pate, a mix of leaks,
subpoenas, indictments and trials; a brazen taste of oily deals served with a
side of FBI bugs, finished off nicely with a rich thick layer of corruption
charges.

And even though the dish is dated - it wasmore than two years ago that bugs were
found in Mayor Street's office - it's constantly refreshed with related noshes.

Thanks, for example, to Vince Fumo (why isn't he an all-news network yet?) for
getting the feds' attention; to Rick Mariano, "talked down" from an enclosed
City Hall observation deck just days before his indictment; oh, and to Milton
just for being Milton. Please don't ever change.

The main course? Washington, of course. Not hard to find a turkey there.

And while Philly serves up Democrats like hors d'oeuvresbutlered on silver
trays, D.C. offers the GOP, roasted and stuffed, on silver platters.

Bush under the gun, Rove under a cloud, Cheney under Jack Murtha's skin, DeLay
and Libby (excuse me, "Scooter") under indictment.

A president just a year from winning re-election sporting all-time low approval
ratings; a war in Iraq that grows increasingly unpopular.

There are unfolding ethics scandals involving lobbyists and, almost certainly,
members of Congress.

The Associated Press reports Cheney is hosting a Dec. 5 fundraiser for the
indicted DeLay in Houston. Top ticket is $4,200. It includes a picture with the
VP.

I love this stuff. But I hope you're shaking your head.

The Valerie Plame affair continues to hound the White House. The Harriet Miers
fiasco (especially her love notes) was more fun than any of us had a right to
expect. Thanks, Harriet.

Ever notice how the stuff Congress ought to be doing - fixing health care,
fixing Social Security, stabilizing energy costs - never gets done, and how much
other stuff seems to draw so much attention?

I'm thankful that's the way it is. I get to point it out.

And Harrisburg? Are you kidding me? Talk about dessert!

It's a bipartisan brulee.

There are so many I'm thankful for.

There's Ed "Whatever" Rendell who approves a whopping pay raise for lawmakers,
judges and others, praises it as "good legislation," calls complaints about it
"media-driven," and then, after sustained public opposition, quietly signs its
repeal.

Republican Speaker John Perzel?

He deserves a double thanks: for saying lawmakers should get more money because
immigrant cow-milkers make up to $55,000 per year, and for standing in front of
pink pigs and telling a fourth-grade girl a limo's not a limo but really just a
car.

Thanks to Senate Democratic Leader Bob Mellow for his e-mailed response to a
citizen complaining about the pay raise: "Get a life," wrote Bob.

To Justice Nigro's taste in wine (at $85 per bottle).

And to Lt. Gov. Catherine Baker Knoll for hosting a Senate chamber performance
by "Groucho," the singing parrot.

I'm thankful for all these folks.

But ever notice how much stuff the Legislature ought to be doing - real tax
reform, any legislative reform - never gets done?

Oh, well, you get the point. And I'm thankful. Now pass the pie.

Send e-mail to baerj@phillynews.com. For recent columns, go to
http://go.philly.com/baer.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    October 16, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

An Increase in Food Stamps

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 413 words


AMID ALL the pretense and venality of the end of session, Congress will do at
least one good thing, thanks in large part to upstate New York Republican James
T. Walsh: Enact a modest expansion of the food stamp program. Food stamps are
the purest and most fundamental of the federal programs for the poor. To qualify
for other aid, a person needs to be elderly or disabled, or sick, or the parent
of a dependent child. An applicant for food stamps need only be poor.

Several years ago, 10 percent of the population was enrolled in the program. The
figure has declined by about a fourth. That's partly due to the strong economy,
but even more to welfare reform; people cut from the welfare rolls were dropped
from the food stamp program as well, even though they remained eligible. Food
stamp participation has dropped far more than the poverty rate, "indicating a
growing gap between need and assistance," the General Accounting Office noted
last year.

The most important of the changes sponsored by Mr. Walsh may be an increase in
aid to families with high shelter costs. For years elderly families got enough
extra stamps to offset such costs, but families with children, meaning mostly
welfare mothers, got only a partial offset. In 1993 the Clinton administration
persuaded Congress to treat the two groups the same. But in the welfare reform
act the president signed three years later, the double standard was restored.

The Walsh provision now would ease it. It also would ease a restriction on the
cars that families can own and still be eligible for food stamps. The current
general rule is no car worth more than $ 4,650, a figure that has been increased
by only $ 150 since 1977. The effect is to deny low-income families either food
stamps or basic transportation.

A possible third change, restoring the food stamp eligibility that some legal
immigrants lost in the 1996 welfare bill, is being opposed by House Ways and
Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer and immigration subcommittee Chairman Lamar
Smith. They have said in a letter to House Speaker Dennis Hastert that it would
be a "breach" of welfare reform. In fact, the goal of all the changes is to
strengthen the remainder of the safety net now that welfare has been weakened.
The remaining strands are important now, when the economy is strong; they will
be even more so when the business cycle reasserts itself and the low-paying jobs
on which the poor depend become harder to find.


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              121 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 18, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

The Galls of Ivy: Our Professors Do Everything but Teach

Martin Anderson

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE C3

LENGTH: 1994 words


A YEAR AGO, Michigan State University announced a new teaching technique that
may be the wave of the future: replacing the expensive and often troublesome
professor with a 5x8 hunk of black plastic.

Today, the 6,000 or so students a year who study American history at Michigan
State are watching videos for the bulk of a new, required course called "The
United States and the World." At the end of the tape, teaching assistants take
over and lead class discussion for the remaining 20 minutes of class. Voila!
Neat, cheap, no-fuss education -- no professor required.

Michigan State's "innovation" may seem extreme, but in fact it's just the
logical extension of what's already in place at many elite universities these
days: classes in which engaged teachers and aggressive, expert teaching are
considered expendable resources.

There are so many scandals plaguing the academy of late that you could be
forgiven for underestimating this one. After all, some of our finest
universities and colleges are currently charged with cheating the taxpayers out
of an estimated $ 400 million. There's also the well-publicized menace of
"political correctness," the widespread and casually condoned cheating among
students, the research fraud and plagiarism among professors and the blatant
bending and breaking of academic standards for "student" athletes. Yet as bleak
as this panorama of academic venality appears, there is an intellectual
corruption that lies deeper and is much more serious -- the corruption of the
essence of the university. That essence, remember, is teaching.

While the financial scandals and P.C. controversies distract us, many of our
finest universities and colleges have been shamefully neglecting teaching and
producing reams of trivial, irrelevant research -- perpetrating on the young
what conservative scribe Midge Decter calls "the biggest consumer fraud in
America." Only, unlike the average Ponzi scheme or real estate fraud, it's not
just the dupes who pay for it. Even if you weren't one of the millions of
parents across America who wrote out a check to pay for college this summer,
you're financing fraudulent higher education too. Approximately 60 percent of
the income of our great public institutions of higher education is tax money;
less than 15 percent comes from checks for student tuition. Even private
institutions, such as Harvard and M.I.T. and Stanford, get, on average, close to
20 percent of their revenue from the taxpayer.

What are you getting for your money? A few weeks ago, the House Select Committee
on Children, Youth and Families, chaired by Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.),
summed it up in a scorching report. Some of the key findings of the aptly titled
report, "College Education: Paying More and Getting Less," were: Tuition has
soared in the past decade, increasing "far more than the cost of medical care,
housing, food and automobiles," and a professor's salary is "inversely related
to the number of hours he or she teaches."

The root of this scam lies in one of the best-kept secrets in academe: A
substantial part of undergraduate teaching is done by graduate students, in a
few instances by undergraduate students. These students are misleadingly called
"teaching assistants." They sometimes lecture to large classes and they often
lead the discussion in smaller sections -- those sections where the real
teaching is supposed to get done through close interaction between the teacher
and the student. Teaching assistants often grade exams and sometimes the course
itself, assigning marks that become part of the student's permanent record. They
even counsel students on everything from courses of study to career choices.
Children are teaching children -- and not always very well.

"I have 13 teaching assistants . . . and some of them don't speak English," Fred
Gottheil, a popular University of Illinois economics professor, has noted. They
can't teach their students anything. Yet that fact doesn't seem to unnerve his
fellow faculty members or the department head. Professors, said Gottheil, have
about as much interest in what their teaching assistants do in front of a class
as they do "in a soccer match in Bulgaria."

Among the consequences of this shifty practice, beyond the obviously inferior
education inflicted on unsuspecting young college students, is the startling
statistic that a four-year college degree is no longer the norm. Partly due also
to the lack of appropriate courses at the time when the student needs them, and
partly due to inept counseling, the normal time it now takes to earn a four-year
degree is somewhere between five and six years, probably closer to six than to
five. A six-year degree is no more valuable than a four-year one; it just wastes
the parents' money and the students' time.

But how on earth do universities manage to persuade all those graduate students
to put aside their studies, interrupt their pursuit of the graduate degree, and
teach undergraduates for a pittance? Quite simple. They coerce them. First they
just exert pressure. Not many graduate students are willing to offend a
professor who asks them to teach, especially if that professor may one day sit
on their examination board.

If that doesn't work, there is strong economic coercion. Fully 44 percent of all
financial aid to graduate students in America today is in the form of "teaching
assistantships." Another 38 percent is available as "research assistantships."
Only 13 percent comes as grants or fellowships. Essentially, if you don't do
some of the professor's teaching or research, you don't get any money. Finally,
if blandishments and economic coercion don't move you, many departments simply
make a certain amount of teaching mandatory for the degree. To a large extent,
the game is no teaching, no graduate degree.

In some ways our graduate students may be more victimized than the
undergraduates. You will hear the rationale that the teaching experience is good
for graduate students, providing training for their later careers as professors.
Yet statistics show less than half of PhD recipients ever become professors.
Graduate students are forced to teach, not for their own good, but for the
benefit of the professors who are relieved of their own teaching
responsibilities and for the good of university administrators who save money by
substituting inexpensive students for more expensive professors.

One grim consequence of this practice, which has grown into a complex system of
apprenticeship perhaps rivaling that of the medieval guilds, has been the
extraordinary lengthening of the time it takes to earn the doctoral degree. The
normal time to earn a PhD once one has the bachelor's degree in hand is three to
four years, with four years as a reasonable maximum. Today the median time it
takes to earn a PhD in an American university is 10.5 years. For women the
median time is 12.5 years. For African Americans it is 14.9 years. Thus the
typical PhD recipient today is a middle-aged man or woman, with many of his or
her most productive years wasted unnecessarily as a student. And that's the
relatively good news. The bad news is that half of our graduate students take
longer than this to earn their degrees. Some of them are old before they cease
being students.

What, you might ask, are the professors doing after managing to skip out on all
the teaching? Quite a bit, actually. Professors are one of the hardest working,
most driven groups in our society. In the quiet offices of the elite
universities they are, when not consulting and making money on the side,
intently absorbed in the game of academic research, running faster and faster on
the accelerating treadmill of publication. That's because academe's rewards and
riches -- salary increases, promotions, prestige -- come not from brilliant,
compassionate teaching but from the number of articles researched, written,
published -- and then largely forgotten.

Perhaps we could forgive our academic intellectuals for neglecting the teaching
of their students if their free time were spent in pushing back the frontiers of
knowledge, of producing relevant, important writings contributing to American
intellectual and social life. If you listen to the murmurs from the academy,
that is what they do. They may deeply regret the lack of time available to spend
with students, but they march to the beat of a more important drummer, a
superior call that they cannot refuse.

Well, maybe. But when was the last time you read an article in a scholarly
journal? If you are like 99.9 percent of the non-academic population and perhaps
95 percent of the professors, you have not read or studied one of these
intellectual gems since you left the halls of higher education. And you probably
haven't missed much.

Economics professor Robert W. Clower of the University of South Carolina, who
served for a time as the editor of the American Economic Review, recently put it
this way: "What was remarkable was the absolute dullness, the lack of any kind
of new idea, that predominated in the selection of papers I got. Close to a
thousand manuscripts a year -- and I swear that the profession would be better
off if most of them hadn't been written, and certainly if most of them hadn't
been published."

Of course, many of those articles were published, including such scholarship as
"Does the Basketball Market Believe in the 'Hot Hand'?" Seems that some people
who watch basketball games believe that "players who make a shot are more likely
to hit the next shot than players who miss a shot." Four pages of dense analysis
are devoted to answering this weighty question. For those who care, the answer
is yes, but unfortunately, the author concludes, the effect is so slight that
you cannot make any money betting on it. Well, there's always horse racing.

When reading academic journals, we usually assume, graciously, that the secrets
tucked within the cocoon of jargon and mathematical formulae are important,
relevant and, perhaps, just a mite beyond our limited powers of comprehension.
This would be wrong. The vast bulk of academic writing published today is a lot
like that "Hot Hand" study -- virtually worthless, inconsequential, trifling.
Yet every day that academics toil away at it is a day that students lose.


So who's responsible? One group is more culpable than others: the men and women
who constitute the governing boards of our universities and colleges -- the
trustees, the overseers, the regents.

While we could blame the professors, there is no reason, given their personal
hubris and strong vested interest in the status quo, to expect them to clean
their own house. While we could blame the administrators, especially the
presidents, in truth they have little power to change what must be changed. And
while we could even blame our politicians for not passing laws to correct the
situation, we should also remember that the only thing guaranteed to make
matters worse is expanded government interference in the running of our colleges
and universities.

Our only practical choice is to persuade the governing boards to govern. We need
to treat trustees like public officials, get to know who they are, question
them, argue with them and demand that they take responsibility for the quality
of teaching in academe. And if the hot glare of public examination and
discussion does not work, we may, reluctantly, have to sue them for failing to
fulfill their fiduciary responsibilities.

America's intellectual life is too important to leave solely in the hands of the
intellectuals. Only if we make it our business do we have any real chance of
restoring the integrity of our universities and once again making it possible
for our children to achieve their full intellectual potential.

Martin Anderson is a senior fellow of the Hoover Institution at Stanford
University and the author of "Impostors in the Temple," recently published by
Simon & Schuster.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, RANDALL ENOS FOR TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              122 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          January 26, 1994, Wednesday

COMEDY / Satanic verses; Craig Ferguson hijacks the Vatican in an irreverent
Catholic rock musical. James Rampton meets Falkirk's Vegas man

BYLINE: JAMES RAMPTON

SECTION: LISTINGS PAGE; Page 26

LENGTH: 657 words


The Scottish comedian Craig Ferguson is not noted for his love of the press, so
it was worrying to be greeted by him wielding two handguns and a manic grin.
Fortunately, he was only rehearsing for a bullet-spattered scene in Daniel
Abineri's Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom, a rock musical about venality
in the Vatican.

It's your average artistic portrayal of the Catholic Church - all sex and drugs
and rock 'n' roll. The twist is that this production is being mounted in a
church - the Union Chapel in London's Islington. For the next five Sundays, the
Pentecostalist congregation will have to pick their way through a 260-lamp
lighting rig and a stage built around the monumental stone pulpit.

The 1200-seat venue will offer concessionary tickets to the clergy, but that has
not sweetened their attitude to the musical. Before rehearsals had even begun,
the Scottish Catholic Church condemned the production, and a few more
denunciations from the pulpit will bring in better publicity than any interview
with a newspaper ever could.

Ferguson plays Father MacLean, a satanic figure who manoeuvres a naive lad
called Johnny (played by Then Jericho heart-throb Mark Shaw) into the Papal
throne. Relaxing in the sort of trendy cafe you only find in Islington, Ferguson
says he would welcome further ecclesiastical protests - and the attendant
headlines - but maintains they would be misguided. ''The play is not
anti-religious - in fact, it's very moral. It's a story of corruption set
against a backdrop of purity. It isn't irreligious, it's irreverent.''

MacLean bears out the adage that the bad guys get all the best lines. ''I'm a
Las Vegas-stroke-Falkirk entertainer. For me, it's a gift of a part,'' Ferguson
smiles. ''You can get right into your own dark side; it's nice to embrace that
in a controlled environment rather than socially.'' Ferguson asserts that he
based his characterisation on a quotation from Thomas Mann's Felix Krull - ''the
monks of unreason.'' To research the part further, Ferguson also brushed up on a
bit of Latin. ''I use a Latin incantation to call up the Devil which means 'I'm
just a really nice boy from Scotland'. But in Latin it sounds very scary.''

It wasn't the smells and bells that attracted Ferguson, however, so much as the
music. A former drummer with such black holes in the New Wave firmament as the
Dreamboys, he reckons Bad Boy Johnny has ''proper music with proper words like
'baby' - none of that 'I'm the little Dutch girl' nonsense. The score features a
spectacular use of the E chord and feedback.''

The Dreamboys were just one dip in a roller-coaster career that has encompassed
the writing of a TV sitcom and a politically correct panto, a spell in the West
End Rocky Horror Show, a starring role opposite Robbie Coltrane in The Bogie
Man, a documentary about the running of the bulls in Pamplona, and an affair
with tabloid darling Fiona Fullerton (hence his wariness of the press). He is
currently appearing on BBC2 in his own stand-up-cum-sketch show, The Ferguson
Theory, which he describes as ''ethnic, Glaswegian, voodoo, Apache comedy'' -
i.e. he wears leather trousers and shouts a lot.

The future promises further thesping. Although disdainful of trained actors -
''all they teach you in drama school is how to do stage fights and be a pain in
rehearsals'' - Ferguson does not rule out a promotion into the Premier Luvvie
League. ''I was never cut out to play Romeo, but I wouldn't mind a crack at The
Government Inspector. I like all that 1830s Russian theatre - original,
heightened, pantomimic stuff.'' Played in a Las Vegas-stroke- Falkirk kind of
way.

- 'Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom', Union Chapel, off Upper St, London
N1 (071-379 4444) from tonight for five weeks. The first 20 readers to present
this page at the box office from 7pm tonight can buy two tickets for the price
of one

(Photographs omitted)


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              123 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

New & Noteworthy

BYLINE: By PATRICIA T. O'CONNER

SECTION: Section 7; Page 34, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 949 words



EDITOR TO AUTHOR: The Letters of Maxwell E. Perkins, edited by John Hall
Wheelock. (Scribners, $10.95.) At Charles Scribner's Sons, the editor Maxwell E.
Perkins shepherded into print the works of Wolfe, Fitzgerald, Hemingway and
others. In reviewing this selection from his letters, Alfred A. Knopf said in
The Book Review in 1950 that all the authors ''were devoted to Perkins and none
ever wandered from his or her allegiance. The letters over and over again tell
why. . . . [They] will be of enormous and enduring interest to writers, editors
and publishers everywhere.''

KATE VAIDEN, by Reynolds Price. (Ballantine, $4.95.) Kate Vaiden tells her life
story in retrospect as she sets out, at the age of 57, to find the baby son she
abandoned 40 years earlier. Most of the novel is set in the early-1940's North
Carolina of her youth, and it is ''a forgiving, immensely readable story . . .
almost light in feeling,'' Rosellen Brown said in these pages last year. ''The
voice of Mr. Price's heroine blows like fresh air across the page. . . . [He]
has found a narrator of great charm whose sad story, from which she sets herself
free, sounds (as Kate might say) new as morning.''

EIGHT MEN OUT: The Black Sox and the 1919 World Series, by Eliot Asinof.
(Owl/Holt, $8.95.) Eliot Asinof reconstructs the blackest event in baseball
history - the Chicago Black Sox scandal of 1919, when eight players were accused
of throwing the World Series. In 1963 one reviewer called the book
''comprehensive'' and ''superb'' and said the author ''thoroughly airs the
conditions that made the players' venality possible.''

GIRLS FOREVER BRAVE AND TRUE, by Caryl Rivers. (Pocket, $3.95.) A decade after
high school, two best friends reunite in the Washington of the 1960's, where one
becomes a Capitol Hill gossip columnist and the other is a prize-winning
journalist. In The Book Review in 1986, Kiki Olson said, ''In the seemingly
endless parade of best-selling heroines who are unrealistically beautiful,
wealthy and humorless about having it all -what a pleasure to run into funny,
warm, often confused Peg Morrison and Constance Masters.''

A PIECE OF MY HEART: The Stories of 26 American Women Who Served in Vietnam, by
Keith Walker. (Ballantine, $4.95.) This oral history records the experiences of
26 American women - Red Cross workers, U.S.O. entertainers, Army nurses - in
Vietnam. ''The stories of memories and conflicts tend to run together,'' Marcia
Froelke Coburn said here last year, ''but the emotional current never falters.''


BORDERLINE, by Janette Turner Hospital. (Bantam, $4.50.) The narrator of this
suspense novel is a piano tuner whose stepmother has disappeared after trying to
aid an injured South American alien at a United States-Canada border crossing.
The tale is ''complex and disturbing,'' Cheri Fein said here in 1985, ''a
compelling attempt to go beyond the safe borderlines within which much current
fiction resides.''

PORTRAIT OF AN ARTIST: A Biography of Georgia O'Keeffe, by Laurie Lisle.
(Washington Square/Pocket, $5.95.) This life of Georgia O'Keeffe has been
revised and updated with new material since her death in 1986. In these pages in
1980, Janet Hobhouse described O'Keeffe as ''the matron saint variously of
modernism, regionalism, abstract art and realism, of ecology, women's
liberation, old-fashioned virtue and free love. . . . Invited to do what she
could without her subject's cooperation, Laurie Lisle has amassed the clues to
convey a semblance of the life, curiously unconnected with anything we know of
the artist from her work.''

HARD LAUGHTER, by Anne Lamott. (North Point, $8.95.) Anne Lamott's first novel
is about a Northern California family's struggle to cope when the father is
stricken with a brain tumor. The book's appeal, Anne Tyler said here in 1980, is
''that it has much to say about how a good family works - any good family - in
times both hard and easy. . . . It's a moving and strangely joyful book, a kind
of celebration.''

ON PERSEPHONE'S ISLAND: A Sicilian Journal, by Mary Taylor Simeti. (North Point,
$11.95.) Mary Taylor Simeti, who visited Sicily in the 1960's and ended up
marrying a Sicilian agronomist, offers a month-by-month journal of her 21st year
(1982-83) as an American living there. ''She has constructed an intricate mosaic
of Sicily past and present, historical and personal,'' Ann Cornelisen said here
in 1986, and by year's end ''has told us so much that is fascinating.''

BHOWANI JUNCTION, by John Masters. (Carroll & Graf, $4.50.) John Masters' tale
of India in the late 1940's, on the verge of emancipation and partition, is set
in a railway outpost and centers on a woman who is half-English and the three
men who love her - a railway official who is also half-English, a British
officer and an Indian political leader. In 1954 our reviewer, John Barkham,
praised the book's ''magic of atmosphere, subtlety of character, vigor of
narrative and overtones of meaning.''

KEROUAC: A Biography, by Ann Charters. (St. Martin's, $10.95.) This life of Jack
Kerouac (1922-69) by Ann Charters, who was a friend of the Beat Generation
writer, evokes a lively period in American letters and ''is a pleasure,'' John
Deck said here in 1973. ''It is about men and ideas that changed everything.''

PICTURE PALACE, by Paul Theroux. (Washington Square/Pocket, $4.95.) At 70, Maude
Coffin Pratt, a famous photographer, relives her life and work as she prepares
for a retrospective. Paul Theroux's eighth novel is ''vibrant and compelling,''
Anne Tyler said here in 1978 - largely thanks to ''strong . . . slangy, tough,
blunt, single-minded'' Maude.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Reynolds Price

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              124 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

SWIMMING IN CHICAGO'S CESS POOL;
THE BLAGOJEVICH SAGA OF CORRUPTION AND VENALITY HAS JUST BEGUN

BYLINE: Jack Kelly

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. G-3

LENGTH: 685 words


What does Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich have to trade for a lighter sentence?
Pondering this question is, I suspect, keeping many prominent people in Chicago
awake nights.

Mr. Blagojevich is accused of conspiring to sell government favors for personal
benefit. But his great crime, in the eyes of many politicians, is that he has
made "pay to play" all too easy for ordinary people to understand, and too ugly
for them to ignore.

"While what Blagojevich did is undeniably beyond the pale, it is frankly much
more common in the political world than anyone has been willing to acknowledge,"
Democratic pollster Douglas Schoen wrote in Forbes magazine Thursday.

"Play to pay" scandals tend to get little attention not so much because they are
commonplace (though they are) as because they are boring. Details about how a
real estate developer received an easement or an appointment to a zoning
commission tend to make the eyes of jurors -- and journalists -- glaze over.

But "Hot Rod" tried to sell Barack Obama's seat in the U.S. Senate. He held up
an appropriation for a children's hospital to extort a $50,000 contribution from
a hospital executive. He tried to have journalists at the Chicago Tribune fired
for writing editorials critical of him. The FBI has Mr. Blagojevich on tape,
incriminating himself in vulgar, profane language.

Hot Rod's brazen overreach is shocking, which is one reason why this scandal is
likely to have longer legs than any since Monica Lewinsky's trysts with
President Bill Clinton.

But how does this differ materially from Rep. Charles Rangel, D-N.Y., killing a
tax bill after the CEO of a company that would have been adversely affected
donated $1 million to the Charles B. Rangel School of Public Service at the City
College of New York?

And how does it differ materially from the pardon President Bill Clinton issued
to fugitive financier Marc Rich after Mr. Rich, through his ex-wife, contributed
massive sums to the Democratic Party and to the Clinton library?

Yet Mr. Rangel is still chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee and Eric
Holder -- who was excoriated by a congressional committee for his role in
granting the Rich pardon -- is Mr. Obama's attorney general-designate. Rod
Blagojevich is just the tip of a very large iceberg, one that encompasses local,
state and national governments.

The other big reason why this scandal has legs is, of course, the relationship
between Hot Rod and the president-elect. Conservatives tend to exaggerate it,
while liberals pretend it doesn't exist.

Mr. Obama and Mr. Blagojevich shared a patron -- convicted financier Antoin
"Tony" Rezko -- and Mr. Obama and his chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, were senior
advisers to Hot Rod during his campaign for governor in 2002.

U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald went to great lengths to make it clear that Mr.
Obama is not a subject of the investigation into the charges for which Mr.
Blagojevich was arrested Tuesday. Mr. Obama, moreover, had to be heartened by
the obscenity with which Hot Rod described him in a taped telephone conversation
Nov. 11, which made it clear that the Obama camp would offer Mr. Blagojevich
nothing but thanks if he appointed the candidate Mr. Obama preferred to succeed
him, Valerie Jarrett.

This makes the president-elect's dissembling puzzling. "I had no contact with
the governor or his office so I was not aware of what was happening," Mr. Obama
told reporters Tuesday.

It's perfectly plausible Mr. Obama himself had not spoken to Hot Rod about his
former Senate seat, but it strains credulity to believe an Obama aide would
reject Mr. Blagojevich's overture without telling Mr. Obama about it.

Also, a footnote in the criminal complaint indicates Mr. Rezko has been
cooperating with authorities. A real estate specialist told The Washington Times
the FBI had interviewed him about the property the Obamas purchased from Mr.
Rezko's wife.

At any rate, Hot Rod Blagojevich's outrageous conduct, above all, has shined an
unwelcome spotlight on Chicago Democratic politics. It's hard to swim in that
cesspool and come out smelling like a rose. This story has just begun.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jack Kelly is a columnist for the Post-Gazette (jkelly@post-gazette.com,
412 263-1476).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              125 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                October 13, 2002

Dubya is no dumb cluck

BYLINE: PETE LAUBSCHER

SECTION: Opinion & Editorial; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 142 words


Dubya is no dumb cluck

SO DAVID Bullard has discovered the derivation of "gloat" in "The gurus were
wrong - gloat gloat - but they still have their jobs" (October 6).

His intemperate and sheep-like rehash of the standard "joke" about Dubya being
"dumb" is pitiful.


In his first two years Dubya has passed more legislative reform than any other
president in any two years. He has skilfully marginalised the Democrats.

He has more close advisers of Hispanic, African, and Asian extraction than any
other US president. His leadership immediately after September 11 2001 has made
him a candidate for Mount Rushmore.

To say he is a dumb person is to ignore the warning of his "clever" predecessor
- that unlamented, noisy king of venality - that Dubya is to be underestimated
by his enemies at their peril. - , Texas, US



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2002 Times Media Limited


                              126 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              May 18, 2010 Tuesday
                                National Edition

A back-country Camelot

BYLINE: Allen Abel, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Allen Abel; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 2057  words

DATELINE: LOGAN, W. Va.


In this four-part series, Allen Abel plumbs the depths of political venality in
America, from sea to slimy sea. Today, Part 3.

---

The ghosts of the Aracoma Hotel come out to play when the lobby is dark. Peg,
the night clerk, has sensed them rambling on the antique tile floor, flinging
historic photos off the walls and ripping an earring right out of her ear. Bill,
the janitor, has heard them scrounging in the basement, but of course Bill also
has heard that, under President Barack Obama's new health-care law, everybody is
going to have a computer chip the size of a dime implanted in his neck.

This is the unlikely Versailles of a vast Corrupt Nation: A four-storey brick
hotel on the main square of a coal-rich, cash-poor town, a little shabby now but
barely altered since its grand opening in 1917.

Even by Appalachian standards, the villages that line the creeks and dot the
hillsides of this region are remote, impoverished and unnoticed until their
brave sons meet their deaths in the dust of a crumbled mine. But no state
outranks West Virginia for the sheer audacity of its vote-buying, bid-rigging
and all-around graft.

And no other place in the Mountain State can hold a crooked candle to Logan
County.

It was 50 years ago that the Aracoma carved its name into the marble of U.S.
political myth, when, on May 10, 1960, Senator John Fitzgerald Kennedy of
Massachusetts upset Senator Hubert Horatio Humphrey of Minnesota in the West
Virginia Democratic primary, launching himself to the nomination and the
presidency.

Back then, no one predicted a Roman Catholic candidate could stand a chance in
this virulently anti-Papist state. Since then, no one has disputed the Navy
hero, Harvard prince and world-class lothario gained his victory by directly
dispensing more than US$2-million of his father's dollars to the precinct
captains, back-country bootleggers and hillbilly patriarchs of Logan County and
beyond.

"I just received the following wire from my generous Daddy," John F. Kennedy
would quip on the campaign trail. "It said, 'Dear Jack: Don't buy one vote more
than necessary -- I'll be damned if I'm going to pay for a landslide.' "

But it was true. Candidate Jack, wife Jackie, brothers Teddy and Bobby, in-laws
and cousins and acolytes: they all used Room 220 of the Aracoma Hotel as a
resting place and dispensary of Papa Joe Kennedy's cash. The ghosts of the
Aracoma are the spectres of Camelot.

"People are always comin' and sayin' 'I want to sleep in the bed he slept in,' "
the (anonymous) day clerk tells me, hastening to add the Aracoma may be a little
run down, but the US$49 rooms do come "with runnin' water and everything."

"Have you ever sold your vote in an election?" I ask her.

"Nope," she replies. " 'Cause I've never voted in my life. All politicians are
crooks and liars, so why bother?"

"How about you, Bill?" I pose to the janitor.

"They offered me US$20 and a pint of Jim Beam," the ghostbuster says. "But I
turned it down. After all, voting is my right!"

At the Logan Country Club on a Sunday afternoon are Daniel Duncan Dahill and
good ol' Wimpy Meade. Mr. Dahill, a native son of these fairways and a former
West Virginia state senator and assemblyman, recently had a portion of his
cancerous colon removed -- "Just gut me, Doc," he told the surgeon -- but he is
still avidly smoking his Marlboro Lights, which probably can't do him much more
harm at the age of 90.

"How much did you pay the people of Logan County to vote for you, back in the
day?" I tease him.

"Nothing!" he winks. "I ran on bullshit and bumper stickers."

Fifty years ago, Dan Dahill, an Irish Catholic himself, told Jack Kennedy to
"cut the crap and stop apologizing for being what you are. You tell them,
'You're a Baptist, I'm a Catholic and if you don't like it you can kiss my
heinie.' "

"Why did people around here let Kennedy buy their votes?" I ask. "Don't they
know it's wrong?"

"To them it don't mean any lack of morality," the ex-legislator says. "Their
vote isn't important to them -- it's just a monetary thing. You're one among two
or three million people in a state -- you don't think it's important."

Mr. Meade, a gangly 72, once ran for the state legislature and lost. He recalls
rounding up a gaggle of ex-Little League teammates to contend for various
offices, regardless of qualifications, provided each man came up with enough
cash to be included.

He also remembers being offered a US$2 bill and a pint of whiskey if he'd vote
for a particular slate of candidates. He remembers a man named H---who would
park around the corner from a polling place with a trunk full of booze. And he
remembers when a party hack inside the voting room would "inspect the ballot for
errors" and then, with a wink or a tip of his hat or a puff of cigar smoke,
signal that it was OK to make the pay-off.

"But they do it differently now," good ol' Wimpy Meade explains. "They go to the
house beforehand, and whoever gets there last on the night before the election
wins."

At the annual Jefferson-Jackson celebration dinner of the West Virginia
Democratic Party in the capital city of Charleston, I collar U.S. Senator John
D. Rockefeller IV, known to the common folk as Jay.

As it turns out, the American Guild of English Handbell Ringers is having its
own convention in another part of the civic arena on the very same evening,

thus distinguishing themselves from the Democrats, who merely constitute the
guild of U.S. hand-wringers.

Fittingly enough, the keynote speaker at the bash is former South Dakota senator
Tom Daschle, who lost his place in the Obama cabinet after it was revealed he
hadn't paid quite as much income tax as he should have. And one of the honoured
guests is 14-term U.S. Congressman Alan Mollohan, who is reportedly under
investigation by a House ethics panel amid accusations that he steered millions
of dollars in legislative "earmarks" to family, friends and contributors.

"Why does West Virginia have such a history of vote-buying and corruption?" I
ask Jay Rockefeller.

"I think a little bit of it is human nature," the Senator replies. "And a lot
reflects the fact that people are desperate."

I have been enjoying a lively telephone and email conversation with a West
Virginian who served more than a year in federal prison for trying to buy enough
votes to influence a local election. This wasn't in 1960; it was the 21st
century.

The ex-con doesn't want his name to be published, and it's not like you can just
search "vote buying" and "West Virginia" and figure out who he is. That's
because, in the past few years in southern West Virginia, more than 75 state and
local officials -- including the Logan County sheriff and the Logan City chief
of police! -- have been convicted of the very same crime.

Yes, there still are many citizens here who expect to be rewarded on election
day with a tank of gas, a new washing machine or a flagon of Kentucky corn.

"Selling votes isn't selling votes," my friend says. "It's selling family
support. For some amount of money, we will be 'for you.' The amount is set by
the number of people

in your family. Five or 10 dollars a head is paid to the family's opinion maker.
He then gets the family to 'be right.' Of course, family allegiance changes
multiple times in the election cycle.

"Everyone maintains power by being able to give out some small favours. A job.
Build a bridge over the creek in front of your house at state expense. You hand
cheques that are complete except for the names to the county political boss. He
gives you back state reporting forms that are completed with names of people you
don't know. He gains power by passing out the forms."

Soft cash and hard liquor aren't the only weapons.

"Machine tampering," the former prisoner says. "The 'lever brothers' used to fix
machines in areas with a lot of Republicans so the votes would come out
Democratic. Or they keep polls from opening.

"You need a Democrat and a Republican to run the polls. If one is a no-show, the
polls can't open. So the Republicans will no-show at heavily Democratic
precincts. That delays the opening, people can't vote before work, and they
don't come back.

"They tell people that the machines are broken when they are not. A line builds
up, people leave and don't come back. Coal companies will make employees work
during election hours. If you are not there you get fired. Fewer Democrats get
to vote."

My source does allow that fewer people are willing to sell their franchise than
was the case 20 or 50 years ago, despite his best efforts to uphold the
tradition.

"Smarter people," he says. "They take the swag and vote for who they want. Still
I'll bet it's more than a thousand in Logan County alone.

"Times change. Logan doesn't."

Neither, apparently, does Lincoln, the next county over. Last week, it held
Democratic party primary races for county commission and circuit clerk. Somehow,
two men who were leading their races when the polls closed wound up losing when
nearly 1,000 absentee ballots mysteriously came in four-to-one against them.

Then someone left an anonymous phone message at a government office stating she
had been offered US$25 to request a blank absentee ballot and bring it to a
candidate's headquarters for "help" in filling it out.

"That's certainly something that would cause you to wonder," the U.S. Attorney
for the Southern District of West Virginia told the Charleston Gazette.

There are voices crying in the wilderness. Allen Loughry II, L.L.M., S.J.D.,
J.D., is a clerk of the West Virginia Supreme Court and a former senior
assistant attorney-general with four law degrees and a three-year-old son named
Justus. He took Kennedy's quip and, after a decade of research and threats to
his career and person, came up with a 623-page book entitled Don't Buy Another
Vote, I Won't Pay For A Landslide -- The Sordid and Continuing History of
Political Corruption in West Virginia.

Not only does this plangent tome detail dozens -- hundreds! -- of proven cases
of vote-buying and unbridled graft, it reveals many West Virginians tend to
remain on the electoral rolls long after they shuffle off to join the ghosts of
the Aracoma Hotel.

"Despite the state's motto 'Almost Heaven,' " Dr. Loughry complains, "it
shouldn't mean dead people should continue to vote."

Now I am sitting with him in West Virginia's gold-domed Capitol, beneath the
gallery of official portraits of ex-governors that includes two recent guests of
the federal Bureau of Prisons. (A third wound up driving a taxi in Chicago,
giving new meaning to the term "political hack.")

"Part of it is 'it's just the way it's done,' " the author says. "Part of it is
people saying 'Well, why shouldn't I get US$2 or US$5?' And part of it is people
being afraid that, if you turn their money down, they think you're going to vote
against their slate and somehow they'll find out and you'll lose your job.

"People say, we're just a small, poor state, what difference does it make? But
all it takes is one crooked election here to influence the whole country."

He said West Virginia has five electoral votes in a presidential election. In
2000, that was the number George W. Bush won by.

Just before I leave West Virginia for yet another venal den of the Corrupt
Nation, I have breakfast with a woman named Lidella Hrutkay from-- where
else?--Logan County.

In 2000, running as a new voice for a new millennium, Ms. Hrutkay was elected to
the state legislature, where she served four two-year terms and rose to be one
of the most important women in the Capitol. Devoted to the citizenry and
avowedly un-corrupt, she tells me she was shocked and appalled when her (now
former) husband Mark was sent to jail for giving the Logan County sheriff
US$10,000 to buy votes for his bride.

Silly girl: She thought she'd won fair and square!

"People don't really care who represents them," Ms. Hrutkay sighs. "To them, an
election is their chance to get a road fixed. People need new appliances; a
truck shows up with new appliances. Odds are they're taking it from both sides."

"What's the answer?" I wonder, 50 years after the Kennedys greased these hills
with graft.

"I don't know if there's an answer," she replies. "The system to me is broken
and I don't know if it can be fixed. I do wish people would care. I just don't
know how to make them do it."

---------

CORRUPT NATION

Allen Abel's four-part series concludes tomorrow in New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Corrupt Nation

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo:;
Color Photo: Hank Walker, Time Life Pictures, Getty Images; During his
presidential run, John F. Kennedy was with coal miners in Logan County, W. Va.,
where he dispensed US$2-million.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              May 18, 2010 Tuesday
                            All But Toronto Edition

A visit to graft's ground zero

BYLINE: Allen Abel, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Allen Abel; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 2043  words

DATELINE: LOGAN, W. VA.


In this four-part series, Allen Abel plumbs the depths of political venality in
America, from sea to slimy sea. Today, Part 3.

LOGAN, W. VA. -The ghosts of the Aracoma Hotel come out to play when the lobby
is dark. Peg the night clerk has sensed them rambling on the antique tile floor,
flinging historic photos off the walls and ripping an earring right out of her
ear. Bill the janitor has heard them scrounging in the basement, but of course
Bill also has heard that, under President Barack Obama's new health-care law,
everybody is going to have a computer chip the size of a dime implanted in his
neck.

This is the unlikely Versailles of a vast Corrupt Nation: A four-storey brick
hotel on the main square of a coal-rich, cash-poor town, a little shabby now but
barely altered since its grand opening in 1917.

Even by Appalachian standards, the villages that line the creeks and dot the
hillsides of this region are remote, impoverished and unnoticed until their
brave sons meet their deaths in the dust of a crumbled mine. But no state
outranks West Virginia for the sheer audacity of its vote-buying, bid-rigging
and all-around graft.

And no other place in the Mountain State can hold a crooked candle to Logan
County.

It was 50 years ago that the Aracoma carved its name into the marble of American
political myth, when, on May 10, 1960, Senator John Fitzgerald Kennedy of
Massachusetts upset Senator Hubert Horatio Humphrey of Minnesota in the West
Virginia Democratic primary, launching himself to the nomination and the
presidency.

Back then, no one predicted a Roman Catholic candidate could stand a chance in
this virulently anti-Papist state. Since then, no one has disputed the Navy
hero, Harvard prince and world-class lothario gained his victory by directly
dispensing more than US$2-million of his father's dollars to the precinct
captains, back-country bootleggers and hillbilly patriarchs of Logan County and
beyond.

"I just received the following wire from my generous Daddy," John F. Kennedy
would quip on the campaign trail. "It said, 'Dear Jack: Don't buy one vote more
than necessary -- I'll be damned if I'm going to pay for a landslide.' "

But it was true. Candidate Jack, wife Jackie, brothers Teddy and Bobby, in-laws
and cousins and acolytes: they all used Room 220 of the Aracoma Hotel as a
resting place and dispensary of Papa Joe Kennedy's cash. The ghosts of the
Aracoma are the spectres of Camelot.

"People are always comin' and sayin' 'I want to sleep in the bed he slept in,' "
the (anonymous) day clerk tells me, hastening to add the Aracoma may be a little
run down, but the $49 rooms do come "with runnin' water and everything."

"Have you ever sold your vote in an election?" I ask her.

"Nope," she replies. " 'Cause I've never voted in my life. All politicians are
crooks and liars, so why bother?"

"How about you, Bill?" I pose to the janitor.

"They offered me $20 and a pint of Jim Beam," the ghost-buster says. "But I
turned it down. After all, voting is my right!"

At the Logan Country Club on a Sunday afternoon are Daniel Duncan Dahill and
good ol' Wimpy Meade. Mr. Dahill, a native son of these fairways and a former
West Virginia state senator and assemblyman, recently had a portion of his
cancerous colon removed -- "Just gut me, Doc," he told the surgeon -- but he is
still avidly smoking his Marlboro Lights, which probably can't do him much more
harm at the age of 90.

"How much did you pay the people of Logan County to vote for you, back in the
day?" I tease him.

"Nothing!" he winks. "I ran on bullshit and bumper stickers."

Fifty years ago, Dan Dahill, an Irish Catholic himself, told Jack Kennedy to
"cut the crap and stop apologizing for being what you are. You tell them,
'You're a Baptist, I'm a Catholic and if you don't like it you can kiss my
heinie.' "

"Why did people around here let Kennedy buy their votes?" I ask. "Don't they
know it's wrong?"

"To them it don't mean any lack of morality," the ex-legislator says. "Their
vote isn't important to them -- it's just a monetary thing. You're one among two
or three million people in a state -- you don't think it's important."

Mr. Meade, a gangly 72, once ran for the state legislature and lost. He recalls
rounding up a gaggle of ex-Little League teammates to contend for various
offices, regardless of qualifications, provided each man came up with enough
cash to be included.

He also remembers being offered a $2 bill and a pint of whiskey if he'd vote for
a particular slate of candidates. He remembers a man named H---who would park
around the corner from a polling place with a trunk full of booze. And he
remembers when a party hack inside the voting room would "inspect the ballot for
errors" and then, with a wink or a tip of his hat or a puff of cigar smoke,
signal that it was OK to make the pay-off.

"But they do it differently now," good ol' Wimpy Meade explains. "They go the
house beforehand, and whoever gets there last on the night before the election
wins."

At the annual Jefferson-Jackson celebration dinner of the West Virginia
Democratic Party in the capital city of Charleston, I collar U.S. Senator John
D. Rockefeller IV, known to the common folk as Jay.

As it turns out, the American Guild of English Handbell Ringers is having its
own convention in another part of the civic arena on the very same evening, thus
distinguishing themselves from the Democrats, who merely constitute the guild of
American hand-wringers.

Fittingly enough, the keynote speaker at the bash is former South Dakota senator
Tom Daschle, who lost his place in the Obama cabinet after it was revealed he
hadn't paid quite as much income tax as he should have. And one of the honoured
guests is 14-term U.S. Congressman Alan Mollohan, who is reportedly under
investigation by a House ethics panel amid accusations that he steered millions
of dollars in legislative "earmarks" to family, friends and contributors.

"Why does West Virginia have such a history of vote-buying and corruption?" I
ask Jay Rockefeller.

"I think a little bit of it is human nature," the senator replies. "And a lot
reflects the fact that people are desperate."

I have been enjoying a lively telephone and email conversation with a West
Virginian who served more than a year in federal prison for trying to buy enough
votes to influence

a local election. This wasn't in 1960; it was the 21st century.

The ex-con doesn't want his name to be published, and it's not like you can just
search "vote buying" and "West Virginia" and figure out who he is. That's
because, in the past few years in southern West Virginia, more than 75 state and
local officials -- including the Logan County sheriff and the Logan City chief
of police! -- have been convicted of the very same crime.

Yes, there still are many citizens here who expect to be rewarded on Election
Day with a tank of gas, a new washing machine or a flagon of Kentucky corn.

"Selling votes isn't selling votes," my friend says. "It's selling family
support. For some amount of money, we will be 'for you.' The amount is set by
the number of people in your family. Five or 10 dollars a head is paid to the
family's opinion maker. He then gets the family to 'be right.' Of course, family
allegiance changes multiple times in the election cycle.

"Everyone maintains power by being able to give out some small favours. A job.
Build a bridge over the creek in front of your house at state expense. You hand
cheques that are complete except for the names to the county political boss. He
gives you back state reporting forms that are completed with names of people you
don't know. He gains power by passing out the forms."

Soft cash and hard liquor aren't the only weapons.

"Machine tampering," the

former prisoner says. "The 'lever brothers' used to fix machines in areas with a
lot of Republicans so the votes would come out Democratic. Or they keep polls
from opening.

"You need a Democrat and a Republican to run the polls. If one is a no-show, the
polls can't open. So the Republicans will no-show at heavily Democratic
precincts. That delays the opening, people can't vote before work, and they
don't come back.

"They tell people that the machines are broken when they are not. A line builds
up, people leave and don't come back. Coal companies will make employees work
during election hours. If you are not there you get fired. Fewer Democrats get
to vote."

My source does allow that fewer people are willing to sell their franchise than
was the case 20 or 50 years ago, despite his best efforts to uphold the
tradition.

"Smarter people," he says. "They take the swag and vote for who they want. Still
I'll bet it's more than a thousand in Logan County alone.

"Times change. Logan doesn't."

Neither, apparently, does Lincoln, the next county over. Last week, it held
Democratic party primary races for county commission and circuit clerk. Somehow,
two men who were leading their races when the polls closed wound up losing when
nearly 1,000 absentee ballots mysteriously came in four-to-one against them.

Then someone left an anonymous phone message at government office stating she
had been offered $25 to request a blank absentee ballot and bring it to a
candidate's headquarters for "help" in filling it out.

"That's certainly something that would cause you to wonder," the U.S. Attorney
for the Southern Distr ict of West Virginia told the Charleston Gazette.

There are voices crying in the wilderness. Allen Loughry II, L.L.M., S.J.D.,
J.D., is a clerk of the West Virginia Supreme Court and a former senior
assistant attorney general with four law degrees and a three-year-old son named
Justus. He took Kennedy's quip and, after a decade of research and threats to
his career and person, came up with a 623-page book entitled Don't Buy Another
Vote, I Won't Pay For A Landslide -- The Sordid and Continuing History of
Political Corruption in West Virginia.

Not only does this plangent tome detail dozens -- hundreds! -- of proven cases
of vote-buying and unbridled graft, it reveals many West Virginians tend to
remain on the electoral rolls long after they shuffle off to join the ghosts of
the Aracoma Hotel.

"Despite the state's motto 'Almost Heaven,' " Dr. Loughry complains, "it
shouldn't mean dead people should continue to vote."

Now I am sitting with him in West Virginia's gold-domed Capitol, beneath the
gallery of official portraits of ex-governors that includes two recent guests of
the federal Bureau of Prisons. (A third wound up driving a taxi in Chicago,
giving new meaning to the term "political hack.")

"Part of it is 'it's just the way it's done,' " the author says. "Part of it is
people saying 'Well, why shouldn't I get $2 or $5?' And part of it is people
being afraid that, if you turn their money down, they think you're going to vote
against their slate and somehow they'll find out and you'll lose your job.

"People say, we're just a small, poor state, what difference does it make? But
all it takes is one crooked election here to influence the whole country."

He said West Virginia has five electoral votes in a presidential election. In
2000, that was the number George W. Bush won by.

Just before I leave West Virginia for yet another venal den of the Corrupt
Nation, I have breakfast with a woman named Lidella Hrutkay from-- where
else?--Logan County.

In 2000, running as a new voice for a new millennium, Ms. Hrutkay was elected to
the state legislature, where she served four two-year terms and rose to be one
of the most important women in the Capitol. Devoted to the citizenry and
avowedly un-corrupt, she tells me she was shocked and appalled when her (now
former) husband Mark was sent to jail for giving the Logan County Sheriff
$10,000 to buy votes for his bride.

Silly girl: she thought she'd won fair and square!

"People don't really care who represents them," Ms. Hrutkay sighs. "To them, an
election is their chance to get a road fixed. People need new appliances; a
truck shows up with new appliances. Odds are they're taking it from both sides."

"What's the answer?" I wonder, 50 years after the Kennedys greased these hills
with graft.

"I don't know if there's an answer," she replies. "The system to me is broken
and I don't know if it can be fixed. I do wish people would care. I just don't
know how to make them do it."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Corrupt Nation

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Hank Walker, Time Life Pictures, Getty Images; John F. Kennedy with
coal miners during his presidential campaign. Kennedy dispensed US$2-million in
Logan County, W. Va.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   SEPTEMBER 4, 2004 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

Hollywood revenge fantasy is overexposed

BYLINE: Roger Moore KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: FEATURES SATURDAY REVIEWS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 584 words


The first movie Mel Gibson put his name and face on after The Passion of the
Christ is a violent and sophomoric hissy fit about those nasty photographers who
torment the rich and famous.

Paparazzi, which Gibson produced with his Passion partners and further endorsed
by making a cameo, is just vile. Whether it's a coincidence that it was released
four days after the seventh anniversary of Princess Diana's death, which some
blame on the photographers her driver was racing to elude, is anyone's guess.

Every hysterical Tom Cruise or George Clooney rant about the tactics, amorality
and venality of paparazzi is trotted out in first-time writer Forrest Smith's
laughably heavy-handed script. It's like photographing fish in a barrel. Who
will take up for the creeps who land those topless shots of Fergie, who fake
photos and make their money from magazines that put JonBenet and the Hilton
sisters on every cover?

Cole Hauser stars as Bo Laramie, an action star with a wife (Robin Tunney) and
kid, who is new to the world of red carpets, insipid Entertainment Tonight
interviews, and camera flashes.

It's the cameras that start to sour the star of Adrenalin Force 2 on show
business. A soccer-dad Kodak moment leads to a confrontation with Rex Harper,
creepiest of the creeps who skulk around with long lenses. Tom Sizemore is a lot
more believable in the part than his mother would probably like.

Bo punches Rex in a setup that is videotaped. Rex sues. And he and his running
mates - a grimy bunch that includes Daniel Baldwin - promise Bo a world of pain.
("I'm going to destroy your life and eat your soul." A very
Mel-Gibson-movie-bad-guy moment.)

The villains surround his car on the road and flashbulb Bo into a wreck that
puts his family in the hospital and the cops on their case. And then Bo stumbles
into a solution: He can kill these guys and get away with it.

Hauser is sort of a Gibson without charisma. He mutters "aalllllll-right" and
"ooooooookaay" at each new assault on his family's privacy and person. And then
he takes care of business.

Director Paul Abascal is a former hairstylist whose debut wallows in excess -
shrieking music, spitting villains, and a hero who is righteous because even
celebs have vengeance fantasies.

Like Gibson, Matthew McConaughey and Chris Rock make brief appearances. And
names of the famous and photographed are bandied about - Nicole Kidman, Alec
Baldwin, George Clooney, etc.

These folks, all of whom have had their moments with the paparazzi, have a
point. The first time the world heard the word was in Fellini's La Dolce Vita,
describing the scooter-riding photo freelancers who longed for a shot of Anita
Ekberg taking a dip in a public fountain. (By the way, the 1960 classic has just
been rereleased to art houses, a fate Abascal will never know.) Now paparazzi
has come to stand for heartless heels.

But it's not exactly a profession without a future. Not as long as we keep
snapping up the Globe, the Star and others at supermarkets.

Paparazzi * (out of four stars)

Produced by Bruce Davey, Mel Gibson and Stephen McEveety; directed by Paul
Abascal; written by Forrest Smith; photography by Daryn Okada; music by Brian
Tyler; distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Running time: 1 hour, 25 mins.

Bo Laramie. . . Cole Hauser

Abby Laramie. . . Robin Tunney

Det. Burton. . . Dennis Farina

Rex Harper. . . Tom Sizemore

Parent's guide: PG-13 (intense violence, sexual content, profanity)

Playing at: area theaters

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Movie Review

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
MYLES ARONOWITZ
Daniel Baldwin is among the throng of photographers portrayed as preying on an
action-movie star and his family.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 22, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FILM REVIEW;
Movie Folk, It Turns Out, Are Subject to Venality

BYLINE: By STEPHEN HOLDEN

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Page 17; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend
Desk

LENGTH: 1101 words


One of the guilty pleasures of David Mamet's Hollywood satire "State and Main"
is the knowledge that you're being spoon fed the kind of nasty inside dish on
movie people you will never find when "Entertainment Tonight" and "Access
Hollywood" go on location. The ruthless prima donnas who scheme, bicker and
whine their way through this amusing but brittle comedy emerge as exactly the
sorts of connivers and crybabies you always suspected they might be.

But Mr. Mamet is far too insightful into the American character to imagine that
these big-time players are all that different from you and me. Most Hollywood
films, after all, tweak a mass audience's collective fantasies of sex and power.
Those fortunate few who rise to the top of the movie game are our designated
dream merchants who either embody those fantasies (the stars) or are clever
enough to tap into them and turn them into stimulating picture shows (the star
makers).

"State and Main" is a barbed social fable about what happens when a big-budget
film crew marches into a small New England town to film a turgid 19th-century
drama called "The Old Mill." That town, Waterford, Vt., is the very picture of
the sort of Northeastern hamlet we like to suppose has remained untouched by the
grubbier, more venal forces of contemporary culture. But as "State and Main"
insists, with a cynical smirk, appearances are deceiving.  Heading the film's
jaundiced portrait gallery of Hollywood honchos is the blase, slightly
gone-to-seed star Bob Barrenger (Alec Baldwin), a careless lothario whose
unblushing excuse for indulging his taste for under-age girls is that a man has
to have a hobby. But when Bob meets Carla Taylor (Julia Stiles), the
aggressively seductive teenager whose family caters the film crew's meals, he
becomes more prey than predator. A major strand of the story follows the frantic
coverup attempts after Bob's car flips over and hits the town's traffic light
leaving himself and his jailbait plaything slightly injured.

Bob's co-star (and occasional bed partner) Claire Wellesley (Sarah Jessica
Parker) is as spoiled and petulant as Bob is dangerously nonchalant. Although
her contract calls for her to do a nude scene, she refuses and flies into a
histrionic sulk unless she is paid an additional $800,000.

The production faces an even worse crisis when it is discovered that the old
mill of the title hasn't existed since 1960, when it was destroyed in a
suspicious fire, and it's too late to find another location. Forced to rewrite
the script, the neurotic self-dramatizing playwright, Joe White (Philip Seymour
Hoffman), who is making his screen-writing debut with "The Old Mill," panics; he
can write only on his beloved manual typewriter, which got lost en route to the
set.

Rounding out the West Coast contingent are the film's director Walt Price
(William H. Macy), a two-faced rageaholic who can turn on a dime from throwing a
tantrum into obsequious groveling, and the producer Marty Rossen (David Paymer),
who presides over this menagerie. A shyster lawyer, tyrannical patriarch and
master manipulator who would use any dirty legal trick to wriggle out of a tight
situation, he is a quintessential show-biz shark.

One of the movie's jokes is that the townies are as voracious and mercenary as
their high-powered guests. Ann Black (Rebecca Pidgeon), the local community
theater director and bookstore proprietor, cancels her engagement to Doug
MacKenzie (Clark Gregg), a rising local politician, only moments after she has
met the screenwriter. Doug, himself a cutthroat lawyer, envisages buckets of
easy money from bilking the production through litigious threats, and he sets
out to extort as much as he can.

The mayor, George Bailey (Charles Durning), and his cold, ambitious wife, Sherry
(Patti LuPone), pin their social ambitions on an elegant dinner party they plan
for the visitors, who can't be bothered to remember the date.

If the satire Mr. Mamet cooks up from this stew of egos repeatedly stings,
"State and Main" is a surprisingly unpolished piece of work that plays as though
it were written for the stage and only slightly modified for the screen. Nothing
about the movie could be be described as cinematic, and its dinky little score
could have been lifted from a low-budget television show. The film's energy is
all in the language, in the fast-talking Hollywoodese that Mr. Mamet slings with
a devilish understanding of movie industry double talk.

The casting is wildly uneven. Mr. Baldwin's smug, self-absorbed smoothie is just
about perfect, as are Ms. Stiles's cool teenage vamp and Mr. Hoffman's
screenwriter, a desperately eager sellout, who in the funniest speech
rationalizes a ridiculous reconceptualization of his movie in symbolic
mumbo-jumbo. Finest of all is Mr. Paymer's indomitably wily and manipulative
producer.

But Mr. Macy, who has specialized in wimpy victimized fussbudgets, seems miscast
as a glib, two-faced directorial dandy, and Ms. Pidgeon, as she often does in
Mr. Mamet's films, seems glaringly out of place. Her line readings, with their
pregnant hesitations and emphatic dangling clauses, might fit other Mamet works
that examine linguistic construction and ambiguity, but here they add a weirdly
discordant note.

The comic tone of "State and Main," which broadens as the movie goes along, also
veers uncertainly between satire and farce. The final scene, in which the
cameras have finally begun to roll, presents a tidbit of the ludicrous turkey
(something on the order of Demi Moore in "The Scarlet Letter") "The Old Mill" is
bound to be.

After all the anguished hand wringing, backbiting and sleazy payoffs, you
wonder, is this all we get? Well, yes. That's the way of Hollywood, isn't it?
Mr. Mamet is clearly not afraid to bite the hand that has been feeding him.

"State and Main" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult
guardian). It has sexual situations and profanity

STATE AND MAIN

Written and directed by David Mamet; director of photography, Oliver Stapleton;
edited by Barbara Tulliver; music by Theodore Shapiro; production designer,
Gemma Jackson; produced by Sarah Green; released by Fine Line Features. Running
time: 102 minutes. This film is rated R.

WITH: Alec Baldwin (Bob Barrenger), Charles Durning (Mayor George Bailey), Clark
Gregg (Doug MacKenzie), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Joseph Turner White), Patti
LuPone (Sherry Bailey), William H. Macy (Walt Price), Sarah Jessica Parker
(Claire Wellesley), David Paymer (Marty Rossen), Rebecca Pidgeon (Ann Black) and
Julia Stiles (Carla Taylor).


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sarah Jessica Parker and Alec Baldwin in "State and Main," a
satire by David Mamet about filmmaking in a New England town. (James
Bridges/Fine Line Features)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              130 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 15, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

ESSAY;
Go Marching In

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


Asked if recent ethical lapses in Washington could be personally blamed on
Ronald Reagan, Democratic candidate Michael Dukakis replied with what he called
an old Greek saying: ''A fish rots from the head first.''

His attribution to a Greek source cannot be faulted; the 16th century Dutch
scholar Desiderius Erasmus translated the ancient Greek words into Latin, Piscis
primum a capite foetet, most often rendered proverbially in English as ''The
fish stinks from the head.''

The Dukakis etymology was impeccable, but his political judgment was faulty.
That not-quite-offhand barb was a blunder that will come back to haunt him.

Such a heavy-handed rhetorical shot invites a retort in kind, encouraging
Republican orators to point to the Dukakis education adviser just sent to jail
for corruption in Massachusetts state contracts and to add, ''as the man who
appointed him likes to say, 'a fish rots from the head.' '' Same thing with
Boston Harbor, the nation's worst cesspool of pollution, where the fish are
rotting because of inaction by the big fish in the statehouse.

More important, the Dukakis imputation of venality to Mr. Reagan gives that
beloved old warhorse a chance to take personal offense before a nationwide
audience, and to make the campaign into a judgment of his record of peace and
prosperity. That is precisely what Democrats seek to avoid.

But the essence of the blunder is this: If properly exploited, that foolishly
excessive attack on Mr. Reagan's character will add to what pollsters like to
call ''the negatives'' in voter assessments of Michael Dukakis.

This campaign, more than most, hinges on those negatives. Mr. Dukakis takes
great pains to point out that, after eight years in the national limelight,
George Bush's negatives are at an all-time high.

That explains why the Dukakis candidacy started off so far ahead: not that we
loved Mike more, but that we loved George less. The Dukakis strength has been a
function of the Bush weakness.

For Democrats, that delicious difference in negatives dictated a holding
strategy: lie low. Eschew liberalism and take no stands that make enemies. Not
ideology, competence; not nostrums, normalcy. Conceal the agenda: do nothing to
arouse the passion that would increase Dukakis negatives.

As a result, the shouting at the Democratic Convention, in response to a vapid,
barren, themeless pudding of a speech by the nominee, was ''we're gonna win!'' I
was reminded of the mindless shouting of ''four more years!'' in 1972, another
time when winning was more important than anything.

In light of the Democrats' campaign to maintain the negatives gap, what should
the Republicans do, not only to win but to deserve to win? 1. Launch an
aggressive defense to reduce the Bush negatives. The Vice President can show his
independent judgment by taking a firmer-than-Reagan stand on detente and a
kinder-than-Reagan attitude on child care. But Mr. Bush must stay in character -
a gentleman, a serious person, a family loyalist - and refrain from remaking
himself into a strident slugger or a swinging cuddler. The here-I-stand,
warts-and-all message (nicely combining Martin Luther and Oliver Cromwell)
worked in the spring primary and can work in the fall election. 2. Take the
offense to increase the Dukakis negatives. George Bush cannot expose the Dukakis
record and ridicule the hidden agenda of the ''Brookline dodger'' without
increasing his own negatives, so he needs a running mate who knows the ropes and
can hit hard. Alan Simpson or George Shultz would be good, Jeane Kirkpatrick
would be better, Jack Kemp would be best. 3. Forget gratitude for prosperity -
voters never respond to that appeal - but address the latent fear of recession.
A forceful ''don't let them take it away'' is a puissant answer to a vague
''time for a change.'' 4. Take command of the terms of the debate. Excessive
spending leads to inflation; redistribution of wealth through taxation leads to
recession; weakness and ultralateralism lead to war. The only place in the world
where freedom is losing today is the place where House Democrats have been
rotting from the head.

If this game is played between the 40-yard lines, the Republicans will never
bridge the negatives chasm; if it is played on the right side of the field, Mr.
Bush will win. Mr. Dukakis has decided the way to the White House is to run for
General Manager of the United States; the way for Mr. Bush to beat that strategy
is to run for President.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              131 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             June 25, 1995, Sunday

Portrait of the artist as a slob

BYLINE: Taki

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 171 words


Here is a follow-up to my recent attacks on the venality and pollution of
Time-Warner and Hollywood.

Roseanne Barr, the soi-disant comedienne, has voiced her grave concern that
Hollywood's efforts to feed the nation's ''enormous spiritual hunger'' are
unappreciated.

''Those of us who are artists and try to speak to the need are being censored
and burned at the intellectual stake in so many ways,'' she told a southern
Californian audience at the annual Eleanor Roosevelt Awards dinner.

How was that again? Barr an artist? Her oversized skull, behind and bosom might
attract a Lucian Freud portrait. Examples of her art, however, consist of little
more than grabbing her crotch and drinking out of a beer can while screaming out
the American national anthem before a crowd of football fans in a San Diego
stadium. She then spat on the ground.

What I don't understand is why British television buys and runs her show over
here. We've got enough pollution of our own. Who needs her perhaps Aspinall's
zoo?

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Atticus

                    Copyright 1995 Times Newspapers Limited


                              132 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           January 30 1988, Saturday

Family Money: Angels in waiting

SECTION: Issue 62991.

LENGTH: 333 words


Serious Money opens on Broadway next Thrusday and a host of British angels will
be hoping for some more serious money to flow their way.

The irony of this attack on the capitalist City turning into a commerical
success is not lost on some. Indeed, it pulled in an audience that closely
resembled the yuppies being lampooned on stage. But they loved it.


So this 'angry leftist political work about ruthlessness and venality', as the
New York Times called it, crossed the Atlantic. It had a dry run off-Broadway at
Joe Papp's Public Theatre in New York to see if American audiences would
appreciate the champagne-bar-meets-dealing-screen humour. And they did.

This parellels the play's beginning at the Royal Court Theatre in Chelsea that
led to the West End run at Wyndhams. The actors were given a five-month contract
to run until last November. 'But it had more life in it than we imagined, so we
re-cast it,' said Robert Cogo-Fawcett, or Lyric Hammersmith Productions.

The production was capitalized at Pounds 130,000. Half the money came from about
55 angels gathered by the Royal Court and the other half from Lyric Hammersmith
Productions and its own angels, who also enjoy the tax advantages of a Business
Expansion Scheme investing in productions.

The West End production broke even after six weeks and investors have already
had their stake returned, plus around 36 per cent. These angels are getting a
share of the profits of the West End run, but they get royalties for the
Broadway production before profits are declared.

The American production has Kate Nelligan playing an American arbitrageur and a
pukka London stockbroker. And Alan Corduner who played a variety of roles in the
original production has won an Equity waiver and been deemed essential to the
production and allowed to work on Broadway.

The script has not been revised postcrash. 'There are ironies in the script
which were not ironies nine months ago,' commented Mr Cogo-Fawcett.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              133 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 4, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Attention, Shoppers: Anguish in Aisle 4

BYLINE: By CARYN JAMES

SECTION: Section E; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; THEATER REVIEW
'WALMARTOPIA'; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 377 words


''Walmartopia,'' a time-traveling musical satire about the cultish power of big
corporations, is meant for an upscale audience that would never set foot in a
Wal-Mart (even if there were any in New York City). Everyone gets the point,
though, because Wal-Mart has become an all-purpose symbol of corporate venality,
which means that this play takes its scattershot aim at the easiest of targets.
Its concept -- the Wal-Martization of the world -- seems tired on arrival.

A mother and her teenage daughter, tragically underpaid Wal-Mart employees, sing
about their dreams. ''My baby girl, there's something better for us in this
world,'' the mother sings. She   is afraid to talk back to her superiors, while
the angry daughter sees that they are being exploited, but this intriguing
generational conflict goes nowhere.

Instead the show (by Catherine Capellaro and Andrew Rohn) brings on a mad
scientist with a time machine and takes a leap ahead to 2037, where the
disembodied head of Sam Walton hovers on a video screen and ''Walmartopia''
becomes an unfortunate collision of Wal-Mart and Orwell. In this future only
Vermont, vilified as the land of terrorist hippies, stands free of Wal-Mart's
domination.

It's no coincidence that this power-to-the-workers musical opened last night, on
Labor Day. But its earnest heart fits uneasily with such blunt attempts at
satire. And the musical numbers are an uninspired pastiche of styles, from a
Peter Allen-ish conga line to a bit of gospel.

The redeeming feature is Cheryl Freeman, who gives an engaging performance as
the mother; her big, emotional voice even overcomes the banal pop ballads that
she is saddled with. Among the lively cast members, most in multiple roles,
there are standout comic performances from John Jellison as a villainous
executive, Scooter Smiley, and Stephen DeRosa as the scientist, Dr. Normal.
(These two have a lovely duet and dance together.)

But the show, which began its life in Wisconsin several years ago and made its
way to last year's New York International Fringe Festival, arrives in this
revamped version as a genial grab bag of lost satirical opportunities.

''Walmartopia'' continues at the Minetta Lane Theater, 18 Minetta Lane,
Greenwich Village; (212) 307-4100.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Cast members of ''Walmartopia'' at the Minetta Lane
Theater.(PHOTOGRAPH BY RUBY WASHINGTON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              134 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 30, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Dumont Is Defended; Writer Apologizes

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 36, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 190 words


In his attempt to localize Richard M. Nixon's venality within the borders of New
Jersey, Wayne University Assistant Prof. Terence Ripmaster wrote a catchy
melody, but his lyrics were faulty (''About Those New Folks in Town, Opinion
page, Aug. 23). Professor Ripmaster has done a great injustice to State Senator
Wayne Dumont Jr., to whom he inaccurately attributed the bigoted notion that
Jews were ''too liberal'' to hold public office within the government of the
community of Wayne.

It was not Senator Dumont who was stricken with this vicious virus of
anti-Semitism, but rather Newton Miller, then a know-nothing member of the Board
of Education and subsequently a know-nothing Mayor of Wayne.

While I have frequently differed with Senator Dumont's politics, his devotion to
the American concepts of brotherhood, freedom of opportunity and fair play has
never been challenged.

Professor Ripmaster owes Senator Dumont a profound apology.  JOEL R. JACOBSON
Commissioner,

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              135 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

An Arrogance of Power

BYLINE: David Ignatius

SECTION: Editorial; A21

LENGTH: 816 words


There is a temptation that seeps into the souls of even the most righteous
politicians and leads them to bend the rules, and eventually the truth, to suit
the political needs of the moment. That arrogance of power is on display with
the Bush administration.

The most vivid example is the long delay in informing the country that Vice
President Cheney had accidentally shot a man last Saturday while hunting in
Texas. For a White House that informs us about the smallest bumps and scrapes
suffered by the president and vice president, the lag is inexplicable. But let
us assume the obvious: It was an attempt to delay and perhaps suppress
embarrassing news. We will never know whether the vice president's office would
have announced the incident at all if the host of the hunting party, Katharine
Armstrong, hadn't made her own decision Sunday morning to inform her local
paper.

Nobody died at Armstrong Ranch, but this incident reminds me a bit of Sen.
Edward Kennedy's delay in informing Massachusetts authorities about his role in
the fatal automobile accident at Chappaquiddick in 1969. That story, and dozens
of others about the Kennedy family, illustrates how wealthy, powerful people can
behave as if they are above the law. For my generation, the fall of Richard
Nixon is the ultimate allegory about how power can corrupt and destroy. It
begins not with venality but with a sense of God-given mission.

I would be inclined to leave Cheney to the mercy of Jon Stewart and Jay Leno if
it weren't for other signs that this administration has jumped the tracks. What
worries me most is the administration's misuse of intelligence information to
advance its political agenda. For a country at war, this is truly dangerous.

The most recent example of politicized intelligence was President Bush's
statement on Feb. 9 that the United States had "derailed" a 2002 plot to fly a
plane into the U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles. Bush spoke about four al Qaeda
plotters who had planned to use shoe bombs to blow open the cockpit door. But a
foreign official with detailed knowledge of the intelligence scoffed at Bush's
account, saying that the information obtained from Khalid Sheik Mohammed and an
Indonesian operative known as Hambali was not an operational plan so much as an
aspiration to destroy the tallest building on the West Coast. When I asked a
former high-level U.S. intelligence official about Bush's comment, he agreed
that Bush had overstated the intelligence.

Perhaps the most outrageous example of misusing intelligence has been the
administration's attempt to undercut Paul Pillar and other former CIA officials
who tried to warn about the dangers ahead in Iraq. I'm not talking about the
agency's botched job on weapons of mass destruction but about its warnings that
postwar Iraq would be chaotic and dangerous. Pillar said so privately before the
war, and he helped draft an August 2004 national intelligence estimate warning,
correctly, that the situation in Iraq was deteriorating and heading for "tenuous
stability" at best.

Bush was unhappy at this naysaying, just as he has grumbled about pessimistic
reports from the CIA station in Baghdad. When Pillar made similar warnings about
Iraq at a private dinner in September 2004, the White House went ballistic  --
seeing Pillar as part of a CIA conspiracy to undermine the president's policies.
Soon after, Bush installed a former Republican congressman, Porter Goss, who
began a purge at the agency that has driven out a generation of senior managers.
Pillar and many, many others have retired, leaving the nation without some of
its best intelligence officers when we need them most.

Bush and Cheney are in the bunker. That's the only way I can make sense of their
actions. They are steaming in a broth of daily intelligence reports that
highlight the grim terrorist threats facing America. They have sworn blood oaths
that they will defend the United States  from its adversaries  --  no matter
what. They have blown past the usual rules and restraints into territory where
few presidents have ventured  --  a region where the president conducts
warrantless wiretaps against Americans in violation of a federal statute, where
he authorizes harsh interrogation methods that amount to torture.

When critics question the legality of the administration's actions, Bush and
Cheney assert the commander in chief's power under Article II of the
Constitution. When Congress passes a law forbidding torture, the White House
appends a signing statement insisting that Article II  --  the power of the
commander in chief  --  trumps everything else. When the administration's
Republican friends suggest amending the wiretapping law to make its program
legal, the administration refuses. Let's say it plainly: This is the arrogance
of power, and it has gone too far in the Bush White House.

davidignatius@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              136 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             October 6, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Capitol Hill crisis exposes lawmakers behaving badly

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 765 words


In almost any context, a crisis will expose the best and the worst in people.
Some will instinctively do the right thing, acting selflessly to end the trauma
even at great personal cost. Those who sacrifice their lives to save others are
the extreme example. In other people, crisis will inspire cowardice or venality.
They'll instinctively flee the peril or, worse, try to manipulate the crisis for
personal gain.

In the week since Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., resigned from Congress, the resulting
political crisis has exposed the sorry behavior of leaders of both parties, with
not a hero among them. Their actions have been an exercise in finger-pointing,
responsibility-dodging and self-interested scheming:

*House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill. Hastert's initial reaction was to try to
shift the blame to Democrats and the news media. On Thursday, he issued a
half-hearted apology and took partial responsibility for his chamber's failure
to aggressively investigate concerns that Foley was making inappropriate sexual
advances toward young male pages. Hastert's statement would have been more
convincing had it been the immediate, instinctive response of a leader faced
with a crisis. Instead, it came across as an exercise in damage control and
self-preservation.

*Majority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio. Boehner has come off looking as much like
a schemer as a leader. He wrote a letter to the Washington Times this week
supporting Hastert and saying that if Hastert had known about Foley's behavior,
he would have moved to expel him. But at about the same time, Boehner told an
Ohio radio station, "I believe I talked to the speaker and he told me it had
been taken care of. And my position is it's in his corner, it's his
responsibility."

*Majority Whip Roy Blunt, R-Mo. Blunt chimed in with helpful second-guessing,
saying he would have handled the entire matter differently than Hastert did, and
"I think I could have given some good advice here."

*Democrats. Many of them argue that the scandal is about protecting children,
not about politics. They then use the opportunity to score political points,
rather than propose solutions. Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard
Dean, who probably shouldn't even be commenting if it's not about politics, has
been particularly vocal. After Hastert's Thursday news conference, he said
Republican leaders "didn't stand up for our children and do the right thing."
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., demanded that Hastert be required
to testify under oath.

The bad behavior isn't confined to Capitol Hill. Outside opportunists, such as
the Family Research Council, are using the Foley scandal as a chance to advance
their agendas against gays and lesbians.

It would be naive to think that politicians will not seize on weakness in the
opposition, but it's a foolish politician who doesn't understand that the public
will respond to forthright leadership.

What might have been done by leaders of stronger character and greater
sensibility to the vulnerabilities of the young pages in Congress' charge? From
the speaker, a reaction something like this might have helped:

"Clearly, I made a grave mistake. The information that was brought to my
attention did not constitute convincing evidence that Rep. Foley was a threat to
the young pages who come to us to learn the value of public service and to whom
we owe a special responsibility. But it certainly was enough to prompt questions
-- many questions -- that were not asked. I should have asked them of Foley. I
should have brought the matter to the attention of Democrats as well as
Republicans, so we, together, could investigate fully and fulfill our duty to
protect the young people in our charge. This could have been handled discreetly
until the evidence we've now all seen was unearthed. It then should have been
handled forcefully and publicly.

"None of this happened. We know it now only because the media exposed it, and
that is an embarrassment. For all of this I apologize to the pages, to their
families, to Americans and to my colleagues. But I promise you that this is a
lesson sorely learned, and I will make it my business to ensure the procedures
will be put in place to make sure that it never happens again."

Investigations of Foley are now in progress. The page system will be examined.
Reforms eventually will come. Intense media scrutiny ensures all of that.

What's far less certain is whether Congress is capable of producing leaders who
will instinctively do the right thing, not the politically expedient thing. This
crisis provides plenty of reason for doubt.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Getty Images
PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY
PHOTOS, B/W, AP (2)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Morning Star

                                 July 07, 2004

Lucky's moments;
 JAZZ

BYLINE: CHRIS SEARLE

SECTION:  Pg. 9

LENGTH: 720 words


LUCKY THOMPSON Lucky Moments (Ocium)

ONE of the most enigmatic of jazz luminaries is Eli "Lucky" Thompson, born in
Columbia, South Carolina, in 1924.

A pure-toned, beautifully fluent tenor saxophonist whose life and sound bridged
the changes from swing to bop and, thereafter, blew his own independent path
through the music during long European sojourns, Thompson made the migration
north and grew up in Detroit, as a teenager playing in local orchestras with
other potential powerhouse horns like Sonny Stitt and Willie Cook.

A move to New York in 1943 began a series of spells with some of the great bands
of the era - Lionel Hampton, Don Redman, Hot Lips Page and finally, in 1944,
serving a bop apprenticeship with the Billy Eckstine Orchestra, with future bop
compadres like Dizzy Gillespie, Art Blakey and, of course, Charlie Parker
himself.

In 1945, he switched to the Kansas City swing of Count Basie, his tenor horn
replacing the golden tone of one of his inspirations, Don Byas.

But, by October 1945, Lucky had moved to Los Angeles, regaining his bop
credentials by recording with Dizzy and Parker .

For the next two years, he was to take part in dozens of waxed sessions, both as
sideman and leader and his eclectic talent found him alongside such diverse
stylists as Louis Armstrong, JJ Johnson, Errol Garner and Sarah Vaughan.

But Lucky was a deeply conscious and sensitive musician who was becoming more
and more repelled by much of the commercial culture which surrounded jazz - the
venality, the racism and the pressure to degrade the music that he loved.

He became a jazz wanderer, first to New York, then to France, then back to the
Apple, where he led his own band at the Savoy Ballroom and where he made the
epochal Walkin' album with Miles Davis is 1954.

From then on, he alternated between Europe and New York, an isolated yet
potently influential jazzman whose embrace of the soprano sax gave his playing
even greater virtuosity and daring.

Two great albums in the 1960s - Lucky Strikes, 1964 and Happy Days, 1965 -
re-established him as a modern player of huge range and sparkling innovation,
particularly alongside common piano spirits like Hank Jones and Tommy Flanagan.

But, by the early 1970s, Lucky's tolerance of the compromises of making a
musical living finally ruptured and he vanished from the public arena.

For over 30 years, his unique jazz voice has been silent, his mystery ever
growing.

Lucky Moments is a 25-track, sharply packaged compendium of some of Thompson's
most vibrant recordings between 1945 and 1954, a decade which begins with him in
one of Basie's most combustive reed sections alongside Buddy Tate and Earle
Warren and which ends with him leading a sextet, playing many of his own
compositions.

Basie's Avenue C has romping tenor solos by Tate and a biting 21-year-old Lucky,
an all-in swinging performance and his more tender, Byas-inspired sound is
expressed in his accompaniment to vocalist Sylvia Syms on I'm in the Mood for
Love.

Some of this anthology's most fascinating moments are within the six sides that
Lucky made in a quartet with bop pianist Dodo Marmarosa in 1946.

There is a subliminal empathy between these two transient and mysterious men of
bop, that make Dodo's Bounce or Thompson's own ominously titled Commercial Eyes
minor classics of their era.

Just One More Chance (1947) puts Thompson alongside altoist-supreme Benny Carter
in a moving ballad performance in the tradition of Coleman Hawkins's classic
Body and Soul, a sound echoed in a 1950 performance of Over the Rainbow, with,
among others, bop trumpeter Ray Copeland.

The final two sessions of the album are Lucky features, with one of Ellington's
last trumpetmen - he was with the maestro on his last British tour in 1973 -
Harold "Money" Johnson, hitting some high notes in Mambo in Blues and the
tenorist really steaming through The Scene is Clean.

Lucky Moments is a fine and judicious anthology and it makes you wonder about
Lucky, who was last seen a few years ago around Seattle.

Will he ever listen again to these glories which he created?

Will he collect any royalties from them to mollify his old age?

Nearly 80 and disappeared from a music to which he gave so much. Questions
without answers.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2004

               Copyright 2004 People's Press Printing Society Ltd


                              138 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            October 10, 2004, Sunday

A book of revelations

BYLINE: Christopher Hart

SECTION: Features; Culture; 45

LENGTH: 465 words


TRUTH OR DARE:A Book of Secrets Shared. Edited by Justine Picardie. Picador
£12.99 pp282

This fresh and moving anthology is less sensationalist and more rewarding than
its title might suggest. There are no titillating confessions of authorial
venality or public humiliation. Instead there are 11 carefully wrought,
illuminating accounts of long-held, closely held secrets; and especially, brave
excavations into that most vital and difficult human institution of all: the
family.

The most substantial and affecting contribution comes from Andrea Ashworth, the
author of Once in a House on Fire, the brilliant memoir of her less-than perfect
childhood. Almost a mini-sequel, Open Sky is a 70-page account of a long, long
drive through the Nevada desert, a world of "vast, stoic, bald rocks, with no
foliage to hide their cranial lumps and bumps". Her driver and partner is Mark,
an American philosophy lecturer; and his sincere, not always successful attempts
to follow the author through her many mood swings, haunted always by her
traumatic childhood, are beautifully rendered. The account ends on a note of
rapturous, lyrical uplift, all the more powerful for being fully justified.

There is a neat contribution from Sophie Dahl about first love, better than
might have been expected from her rather thin debut novel, The Man with the
Dancing Eyes. And Zoe Heller writes a droll, perceptive piece about her father's
numerous girlfriends. Mr Heller was a Hollywood screenwriter, responsible for
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? and The Dirty Dozen among others, all of which,
as his daughter dryly observes, "bear the imprint of his rather bleak wit". She
has inherited this, as well as his writing talent. And in a final punchline
(hers is the only piece here to go for the twist-in-the-tale ending beloved of
inferior short-story writers, but in this case perfectly delivered), Zoe now
finds herself married to a man "16 years my senior, somewhat saturnine in
temperament and with galling Freudian symmetry -a Hollywood screenwriter".

And there is a quite wonderful contribution from Rachel Cusk about youth,
beauty, male self-regard and the "crisis of the flesh" that is middle-age. A
recent photograph of her reminds Cusk of Gordon Brown: surely a little severe?
But as she says, "There are youth and beauty, but I never thought they were
important. I thought they were trivial. I thought they were overrated." No more
need be said.

She writes now in a much simpler, more material style than the old Rachel Cusk
(by which I mean the young Rachel Cusk, of course), and is miles better for it.

In sum, there isn't one dud piece in this blazingly honest gem of an anthology.

Available at the Books First price of £10.39 plus £2.25 p&p on 0870 165 8585


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Memoirs; Books

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              139 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 09, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Russia: Where the West Is Heading for a Fall

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A16; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 335 words


At least where Russia is concerned, the Dec. 7 editorial "Escape From Recession"
lets off too lightly what it calls "the West's economic establishment." It
rightly criticizes the latter for its cookie-cutter advice to client countries
but suggests that the Thai and South Korean economies may now be reviving,
thanks in part to greater IMF flexibility.

Unfortunately, Russia emphatically is not "escaping from recession." Despite its
wealth of raw materials, it is falling into a deep depression.

The Russian people are tragic victims of:

(1) Their own government's venality.

(2) Its acceptance since 1992 of consistently inappropriate advice (for Russia)
from, in particular, the IMF, the U.S. Treasury (which from 1996 seemingly
overrode growing IMF doubts about the wisdom of Western policies) and a couple
of key academic advisers to these bodies.

(3) The Kremlin's acceptance of ever larger loans from the IMF and other bodies.

These and associated factors have precipitated developments that have cut the
ruble's value by 70 percent since August, caused the government to default
massively on its bonds, forced officials to try to renegotiate its foreign
loans, dried up already-scarce foreign investment, thrown more millions of
Russians into poverty and despair and, steadily since 1992, reduced the Russian
state to a condition of chronic, all-around near-impotence.

The West will pay dearly for this, although something may yet be saved if it
quickly and fully acknowledges its role in the tragedy and tries to atone for
it. Blaming the Russians, as the Clinton administration has started to do, is no
good. Such denials will only provoke a faster growth of anti-Western and
anti-American feeling in Russia than is already occurring. We had better wake
up. If we don't, Russia could easily become a "rogue state" again, as it was for
70 years under communism.

PETER REDDAWAY

Washington

The writer is a professor of political science at George Washington University.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              140 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 27, 1996 Saturday

SUMMER LITERARY REVIEW   High-flying angels in the literary outfield   BASEBALL
/ Angell's on deck, as are Lemelin, Richler,   Grey and more in the best of a
slim season.

BYLINE: MARTIN LEVIN; GAM

LENGTH: 1447 words


Review by MARTIN LEVIN
 FOLLOWING on the heels of two seasons ruined by labour disputes and
venality, this has not been a vintage year for baseball books. If it
weren't for the opportunity Mickey Mantle's death last summer gave us (and
publishers; there was a flood of books about him) to indulge in nostalgia
for a better time - that is, when we middle-agers were young - the
pickings would have been slim indeed. Nonetheless, we've managed to cull a
few gems from the pack.

One of the best of them is the home-grown All I Thought About Was
Baseball (University of Toronto Press, $24.95). Editors William Humber and
John St James have compiled an excellent collection of Canadian baseball
stories, reports, reminiscences and histories from writers as diverse as
Mordecai Richler and Scott Young, Marshall McLuhan and Roger Lemelin.
There's even an American ringer or two. Roger Angell, the peerless New
Yorker writer, checks in with a piece on the first World Series game
played in Canada. Western stalwart Zane Grey offers an account of an 1873
match between Guelph, Ont., and Rochester, N.Y.

Humber, perhaps Canada's foremost baseball historian, has always had a
warm spot, and a keen eye, for baseball in the boonies. So we get pieces
on Edmonton and the Maritimes and small-town ballparks. Though there are
some predictable entries, such as a widely available W. P. Kinsella story,
the editors do have a taste for the eccentric, like The Globe's Scott
Feschuk's account of baseball on Baffin Island or Nelles Van Loon's Babe
Ruth Comes to Pickle River.

The anthology shows that the game the U.S. likes to think it owns has a
powerful hold on the Canadian imagination too, though Mark Kingwell's
dissenting essay views the Blue Jay mania that seized Canada in 1992 and
'93 as a form of distorted national self-understanding. Even the existence
of a Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame he calls a "frozen gesture of cultural
weakness." He does acknowledge that the Jays' two World Series triumphs
were cultural as well as sporting, sweet moments of anti-imperialism made
sweeter by our civil and good-humoured response to the highly emblematic
upside-down flag incident. One quibble about this fine collection. It
would have been nice to have had some poetry, say by George Bowering (who
does get a story) or Judith Fitzgerald's Haiku Curve sequence.
 ZANE Grey also figures in the excellent anthology Baseball's Best Short
Stories (Chicago Review Press, $28.95), edited by Paul Staudohar. These
nearly 30 stories range in time and temper from P. G. Wodehouse's 1910 The
Pitcher and the Plutocrat to T. Coraghessan Boyle's 1986 The Hector
Quesadilla Story. Other writers include J. F. Powers, Robert Penn Warren
and Garrison Keillor. And don't miss Chet Williamson's wonderfully funny
Gandhi at the Bat, wherein the "petite pundit" has a brief turn with the
New York Yankees.
 IN the past few years there has been a flood of biographies of old-time
greats - Dizzy Dean, Lou Gehrig, Rogers Hornsby, Christy Mathewson,
Satchel Paige - as the crude realities of the present are bathed in the
golden haze of the past.

In Honus Wagner: A Biography (Henry Holt, $38.50), Dennis and Jean
DeValeria pay overdue homage to the Pittsburgh Pirates' Flying Dutchman,
perhaps the premier shortstop in baseball history, eight-time National
League batting champion and charter member of the Hall of Fame who
excelled in every facet of the game despite an ungainly ham-handed, bow-
legged physique. Wagner was also a modest, shy, private gentleman and
therein resides one of the book's two major difficulties. Because he had
neither the Rabelaisian panache of Babe Ruth nor the manic rage of Ty
Cobb, Wagner emerges as somewhat colourless. His fame has resided mostly
in his 1909 baseball card, sold a few years back for $451,000 (U.S.) to
the disgraced financier Bruce McNall and the only slightly tarnished
hockey great Wayne Gretzky.

Which brings us to the other problem. Though Wagner lived into the
1950s, and the DeValerias spoke with many who remember him from his late
days as a coach with the Pirates, they've had to rely on newspaper
accounts for a sense of his on-field skills. So, although one contemporary
refers to Wagner as "magnetic," there's little evidence here to support
that claim. Because they can't recreate what it was like to watch Wagner
play, they've compensated with accounts of individual games that may tax
the patience of the casual reader. However, one oughtn't demand what's
unavailable and should be grateful for a painstaking and rewarding life of
this diamond immortal.

Among more contemporary biographies, there's Palmer and Weaver:
Together We Were Eleven Foot Nine (Andrews & McMeel, $27.95), Baltimore
Oriole pitching great Jim Palmer's account of his stormy relationship with
manager Earl Weaver. They were an unlikely pair: Weaver, bantam-sized,
temperamental, incisive; Palmer, tall, elegant, kvetchy. A three-time Cy
Young Award winner (for best pitcher), who complained so frequently about
aches and pains that teammate Mike Flanagan dubbed him Cy Old, Palmer
provides a smooth, anecdotal account of their relationship and of his own
career.

Then there's High and Tight (Villard, $31). Journalist Bob Klapisch
writes about how the New York Mets' brightest young stars - Darryl
Strawberry and Dwight Gooden - were derailed on their way to Cooperstown's
Hall of Fame. Gooden is now trying, so far unsuccessfully, to come back
with the Yankees, while Strawberry is out of baseball, perhaps even
blacklisted. Though well written, it's an overfamiliar tale of how drugs,
booze, indulgent owners and the lures and pitfalls of the Big Apple
destroyed the careers of two young men who couldn't cope with their sudden
fame.

Since virtual baseball may be as popular as the real thing, statistics
buffs and fantasy-leaguers have their usual array of books. For basics,
there's the perennial roster from the Sporting News: the Complete Baseball
Record Book ($26.95), The Baseball Guide ($20.95), a roundup of the 1995
season; and the Official Baseball Register ($20.95), career records and
biographical information on every player who appeared in the major leagues
last season.

SADLY, there is nothing new from baseball guru Bill James, though his
influence is keenly felt in a growing list of sophisticated books from
STATS Publishing. James does provide 1996 projections for the Major League
Players Handbook ($26) and something he calls minor league equivalencies,
a predictor of future performance, for the Minor League Handbook ($26).
Both offer complete records for all players. The only problem is that if
you want the minor league record of a potential star like Karim Garcia,
you'll have to buy the major league book, because he had a few at bats
with the Dodgers last season.

My favourite STATS book is Baseball Scoreboard ($24), an annual series
of short essays engaging features of the game from unusual angles. You
might expect the editors to be running out of new material by now (seventh
edition), but each season provides fresh puzzles for solution. This year,
Expos lovers can revel in the praise for manager Felipe Alou, while Blue
Jays fans can bring their conflicting emotions about the departure of
Roberto Alomar to a consideration of why his spectacular fielding is not
reflected in his below-average figures for a number of significant
fielding measurements.

STATS' brave new venture is the Canadian Players Encyclopedia ($26),
compiled by Neil Munro, Canada's top baseball statistician. It's a
complete record, and much more, of every Canadian who ever played in the
big leagues, from Wiman Andrews' one uneventful appearance in 1885 to
Larry Walker, already the best everyday player (pitcher Ferguson Jenkins
is in the Hall of Fame) Canada has ever produced.

most evocative book of the season is a collection of photographs, The  Game That
Was (Contemporary Books, $50). All 376 photos are from the  collection of George
Brace, who photographed every major league player who  passed through his native
Chicago. Brace's career was an attempt to  capture the spirit of baseball, how
its youthful spark and glint matched  the spirit of his city, and his country.
The effort largely works, mostly  because it's so inclusive. So, while there are
the expected posed action  shots, there are a surprising number of intimate
candid shots of players  and their families, as well as the mechanics of
baseball, the ushers and  vendors and police, even the ballparks themselves. The
players in these  photos, from the 1930s to the '50s, are distinctly human,
mugging, posing,  bearing little resemblance to the aloof monsters of today.
They may even  give us hope for baseball's future.  Martin Levin, the former
editor of Innings, writes this roundup annually.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 29, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

PBS' requiem for a TV heavyweight

BYLINE: Matt Roush

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 359 words


Rod Serling's high-profile creative life mirrors the turbulent history of early
TV, the medium he loved for its variety and loathed for its venality. It brought
him a Hitchcock-like brand-name fame he indulged, even as he decried "the price
tag that hangs on success."

In its 10th season of artistic biography and career analysis, PBS' excellent
American Masters series captures Serling's distinctive and impassioned voice in
gripping clips and generous reminiscences, shot in nostalgic black and white.

Unfortunately, Submitted for Your Approval . . . (a line from Serling's classic
Twilight Zone intros) also tries to mimic the writer's speaking voice, using an
actor (Mitch Greenberg) to imitate his gruff, tight-jawed cadences in readings
from his personal writings and statements.

The voice-overs, and a stylized prologue dramatizing Serling's life-ending heart
surgery in Zone style, are distracting and needlessly contrived.

Of far higher quality are the interviews and the eloquence of Serling's
surviving live-TV footage: his breakthrough drama Patterns about executive-suite
mendacity, the poignant Requiem for a Heavyweight and the autobiographical The
Velvet Alley, starring Art Carney as a corrupted-by-Hollywood writer.

Serling's chain-smoking intensity and insecurities come alive, as does the
exciting and too-brief era of live TV drama.

He was among the loudest and first to rail in the press against censorship by
sponsors and network bean-counters.

"How can you put on a meaningful drama when every 15 minutes the proceedings are
interrupted by 12 dancing rabbits with toilet paper?" Serling said. "No . . .
art form should be dictated and controlled by men whose training and instincts
are cut of an entirely different cloth."

(The struggle keeps going. And going. And going.)

With the passing of live TV, Serling brilliantly managed to sell his social
commentary through ironic fantasy in The Twilight Zone, his most enduring
legacy. That he burned out, and later sold out - doing commercials, of all
things - does not diminish the appeal of his gifts and the fascinations of his
conflicted, obsessive life.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, CBS; PHOTO, b/w, Sci-Fi Channel

TYPE: Television; TV Preview

Rod Serling; Submitted for Your Approval . . . -- PBS --

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              142 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 6, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

;
Hurricane Carter

SECTION: Section 7; Page 45, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 365 words


To the Editor:


I feel compelled to take issue wth some of John W. Aldridge's remarks in his
review of Nelson Algren's ''The Devil's Stocking'' (Oct. 9), even though the
reviewer's critique is relatively positive.

Mr. Aldridge refers to Rubin ''Hurricane'' Carter, the real person who inspired
the novel, as a ''small-time middleweight boxer.'' Would the reviewer be
surprised to know that Rubin Carter fought the best welterweight and
middleweight boxers of the 1960's, including Emile Griffith, Luis Rodriguez,
Dick Tiger and especially Joey Giardello for the championship? With such
information, Mr. Aldridge could have easily understood why Ruby Calhoun, the
protagonist in the novel, ''grows in complexity . . . until he becomes a fully
realized, multidimensional tragic personage.''

Mr. Aldridge also comments that the characters in the book are the ''familiar
jungle types in (Algren's) low-life menagerie - the call girls, petty crooks,
gamblers and sadistic police officers.'' This is highly inaccurate. Algren, in
''A Walk on the Wild Side'' and ''The Man With the Golden Arm,'' uses an eye
level approach to the types portrayed, and his uncritical, tough profiles never
reveal a trace of disapprobation and condescension. In ''The Devil's Stocking,''
he indeed depicts corruption, venality and racism, but the culprits include
judges, jurors and prosecutors, and the reader will be able to recognize
loyalty, compassion and courage in the novel's street people, police officers
and criminal defendants. Hardly low life.

By December 1977, after Rubin Carter and his co-defendant, John Artis, had been
convicted of murder a second time, and Algren's documentary accounts of the
trial had been rejected by many leading publications, there were already 10
million words in print about the case. Since then, legal appeals have added to
the word count, but so far Mr. Carter remains in prison. Therefore, ''The
Devil's Stocking'' is not an anticlimax or a post-mortem. It is must reading, as
is Rubin Carter's autobiography, ''The Sixteenth Round: From Number 1 Contender
to N45472'' (Viking Press and Warner Paperbacks, 1974, 1975).  JEROME GREENBERG
New York, N.Y.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              143 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 5, 1984, Wednesday, Final Edition

In the Strange Land Of Robert Heinlein;
Science Fiction's Grand Master & His Future Imperfect

BYLINE: By Curt Suplee

SECTION: Style; B1

LENGTH: 4817 words

DATELINE: SANTA CRUZ, Calif.


Run for cover, America! The Grand Master is thundering again. Politics? A
quagmire of cowardice and venality. Education? Mere cretinous day-care.
Inflation? Sinful. The military? A travesty of neglect.

The G.M. whacks his cane into the floor.

"I think this culture's in bad shape. Take a look around you." Not literally, of
course, since you're perched in a pine-tangy glade atop the Santa Cruz
Mountains. Look out, instead, over the state of the nation, project and amplify
its woes, and find the ominous outline of the future.

That is the trademark purview of Robert Anson Heinlein -- curmudgeon, seer,
commie-wary patriot and eccentric enigma -- who according to The Science Fiction
Encyclopedia "has been by far the most influential author in modern American
sf." He modestly concurs: "I didn't work into the mainstream," he says. "The
mainstream came to me."

At 77, he has published four dozen books and scores of stories since his start
in 1939, all of them still in print tens of millions of copies later. He is
consistently voted "best all-time author" in readers' polls, primus inter pares
in the sf triumvirate beside his old friends Arthur C. Clarke and Isaac Asimov.
("We don't compete with each other, we just compete with the market.")

The winner of a record four Hugo awards for novels, chosen as the first Nebula
Grand Master, he invented (in fiction) the waterbed and the "slidewalk"; coined
the terms "free fall" and "astrogation," as well as "grok" (his word for
intuitive understanding, now enshrined in Webster's) and "waldo," engineer's
shorthand for servomechanisms; and scripted the first serious space movie,
"Destination Moon" (1950). Author/critic H. Bruce Franklin calls him "perhaps
more than any other single person, responsible for the popularization in America
of the concept of space travel and for the commitment to undertake it."

Yet he is probably best known for his 1961 religious parable, "Stranger in a
Strange Land," which (though "I certainly didn't expect it to") mesmerized a
generation and lit the first dawn on the Age of Aquarius. And now he has
returned to apocalypse in his new best selling novel "Job: A Comedy of Justice."

He at first appears feeble, this old man with the trembling hands and halting,
cane-propped shuffle. In 1978, he suffered a near stroke from a blocked carotid
artery that temporarily paralyzed one side of his body and left him to choose
between the Damocles sword of massive seizure or the scalpel of a risky
operation. He took the surgery, beat the odds, and immediately wrote "The Number
of the Beast" (1980) -- four lubricious characters on a romp through various
universes -- "to see if my brain would work." (Many critics said No.)

Yet his voice has a resonant, Cronkitean brio as he deftly summons Latin
epigrams, quotes Twain or Kipling, sings World War II songs, or gins up one of
his labored pronunciations. (Jules Verne is a lavishly epiglottal Zhool Vehhhrn
and L.A. becomes Lowhs AHHN-gell-ace.) Discussing prowlers, he will suddenly
brandish his stick. "I know how to use it, too -- I took Japanese cane-fighting
at the Naval Academy." And now that a new novel is finished, he and his wife
Ginny are about to leave for an arduous shipboard trek from Greenland through
the old Northwest Passage, past the North Pole and on to Tokyo.

No shortage of contradictions. He is an ardent militarist and Naval Academy
graduate who believes the draft is slavery and the armed forces pathetically
inept. A man living on the edge of tomorrow whose thoughts seem trapped in the
past; a former Annapolis dueling champion and expert marksman with a very soft
spot for his orange cat, Pixel. "I have a theory that cats are going to take
over. After all, we're obviously on the skids. This whole house is run for the
comfort and benefit of that one little tomcat." A detester of big government who
calls the Korean and Vietnam wars "scandalous disasters," yet shocked an
audience of midshipmen in 1973 by telling them that America faced "possible
extinction" since "any nation that loses its patriotic fervor" is doomed.

A Special Place

Which explains the big American flag snapping defiantly in front of the G.M.'s
singular dwelling. One story high, flat-roofed and perfectly round, it looks
like it might have just landed here in this clearing amid five acres of redwood
and oak -- except for the lush landscaping accomplished by his wife, a member of
the British Royal Horticultural Society.

The G.M. designed the place himself "for our old age -- you can get a wheelchair
around anywhere." The rooms radiate in pie-like wedges from a central
glass-walled atrium: "I've got 90 degrees, she's got 90 degrees and we have 180
degrees in common." The only seating in the living room is a long sofa built
into the curve of the wall, redolent of the sets for "2001" -- an effect
enhanced by the color pictures taken from space, the models of rockets and the
B-1 bomber ("she can carry up to 16 bombs, I think," he murmurs approvingly,
running a fond finger down the fuselage),the Kelly Freas painting of "Star
Trek's" Lt. Uhura, the wedge-shaped dining-room table with its concealed control
panel for lights and sound, the giant TV rig ("damaging to the country almost as
much as drugs") which he used to tape the Olympics. Oddly anomalous: the
delicate baby grand, a replacement gift to Ginny, whose instrument was
sacrificed in the early penury of their marriage. "We lived in a trailer then,"
the G.M. says, "and for the first three months we ate her piano."

Virtually every free wall holds Heinlein's vast and jealously guarded library
("I wouldn't lend a book to my dying mother") which, like so much else here, is
meticulously labeled with little plastic tape strips: volumes in the bookcase
full of his own works ("First U.S. Trade Edition," "British," "German," etc.) or
in the bathroom, where the waste bin is marked "waste" and a switch on the wall
reads "exhaust fan."

They've been here since 1965 when, after 18 years in Colorado Springs,
Brooklyn-born Ginny developed mountain sickness. Once it was diagnosed, "we left
practically overnight," the G.M. says, and scouted sea-level sites from the
Strait of Juan de Fuca to Mexico, finally settling on this woody hummock facing
the sea, a few miles from the liberal-voting college town he calls "The People's
Republic of Santa Cruz." They promptly perimetered the place with a heavy-duty
cyclone fence and massive remote-control motorized gate -- a necessity since the
youth-cult mania for "Stranger."

"So help me," Heinlein says, "the fans would sit in our laps if we would let
'em. In Colorado, where we didn't have that protection, they would stare in our
bathroom windows!"

The Heinlein Schedule

"Busy" doesn't quite cover it. Ginny, a former diving champion and competition
ice skater, trained as a chemist and retrained as an engineer, speaks eight
languages and quotes the "Aeneid" in Latin. She can, Heinlein says, "chew gum,
smoke a cigarette, eat, listen to the radio, take a bath and knit all at the
same time." She handles the personalized form-letter replies to fan mail (which
can top 200 letters a week) on one of their matched pair of Zenith
microcomputers, tracks foreign currencies to calculate overseas royalties, reads
The Economist cover to cover and recently took up computer programming. He calls
her "sweetheart."

As for the G.M., "I haven't worked, on the average, more than three months a
year in the last 40 years," although "when you work for yourself, you work when
you're working." Moreover, once he's found a story, "I don't rewrite. What I do
do is cut. But I do not recast or replot.

"The one I've just finished still untitled took four months -- which is a long
time for me." The fastest was a time-travel tale, "The Door Into Summer" (1957),
inspired by his former cat in Colorado. "It was the first time that Pixie had
seen snow.  The house had almost as many doors in it as this one, as well as his
own door. But no proper cat will use a cat door as long as he can get a human
being to open the people door," which Heinlein did repeatedly. The cat failed to
exit. "Ginny spoke up and said, 'He's looking for the door into summer.' And I
said, 'Keep quiet -- don't say another word! I ducked into my study and closed
the door. Thirteen days later I came out with a novel."

But he spends much time keeping himself informed on such curiosities as the
state of the Mendocino Gold marijuana crop, prowling through one of his five
sets of the Britannica ("a fiction writer has to know everything") or attacking
the huge stack of electronics and aerospace magazines. "He also reads Soldier of
Fortune," says Ginny. A not-quite-mortified pause. "Well," he says, "it's great
for story ideas -- and they have ads for the most amazing things." And he
hobbles off on yet another show-and-tell expedition, returning with Lt. Col.
Anthony Herbert's "The Soldier's Handbook" -- a rough-bound volume for which
Heinlein paid $100, with chapters on poisons, small arms and explosives.

It's a system that has produced many a best seller, and "Job" could be another.
Del Rey is gambling a 150,000-copy first printing on it. "But it's so offbeat,"
says Ginny, "that we don't know what to expect."

But, of course, they do. In recent years, Heinlein's reviews have been of two
kinds: those declaring him an enduring genius; and those dismissing him as a
washed-up dimwit who has sacrificed narrative gift to a self-indulgent
didacticism and dithering with alternative universes. "Job," a divine-comedic
satirical fantasy, is sure to prompt both kinds.

A fictional echo of many issues Heinlein took up in his 1980 collection,
"Expanded Universe," it follows the trials of Alex Hergensheimer, a Kansas
preacher to whom "the Bible is the literal Word of God" and an executive in an
ecumenical morality crusade called "Churches United for Decency." While on a
cruise in the South Pacific (having left his shrewish wife at home), he finds
himself catapulted into a tortuous series of alternative universes -- and into
love with a Danish chambermaid -- all of which sorely try his pride, prejudices
and piety. After Armageddon descends, he is obliged to traverse Heaven, Hell and
elsewhere in pursuit of justice and his love before the surprise ending.

Heinlein's fiction has always had a topical cast, and "Job" clearly aims at the
recent recrudescence of Christian fundamentalism. Not that Heinlein will concede
it. "For many, many years I've refused to explain my stories. They're written
for entertainment." And besides, "I've been writing on that theme since a story
titled 'If This Goes On,' " (1939) which depicts America in thrall to a
religious dictatorship. "The capacity for fervent cults in this country runs all
through our history," since "so much of our immigration arose for religious
reasons. I didn't have to hear about Jerry Falwell to know about that tendency.
I've heard Billy Sunday preach." Moreover, as a boy in his native Butler, Mo.,
he was rocked in the chill bosom of sod-belt Methodism -- prey, as he says, to
the "most bigoted" opinions until he encountered Darwin at 13.

Growing Up With Pulps

Not that he was any prodigy. In fact, he never wanted to be a writer and came to
it by accident. "Look, I write stories for money. What I wanted to be was an
admiral. They let me out when I was quite young with a piece of paper that said
I was 100 percent disabled" with tuberculosis. "And it's been very difficult for
me all my life to work at any job -- to be physically up to it. I took up
writing because I needed money. And I continued to write because it's safer than
stealing and easier than working."

As a boy, "once I found out about reading I was all in favor of it," glutting
himself on dime novels, and later on Edgar Rice Burroughs, H.G. Wells and Verne.
"I've got his complete works in French because I'd heard that his translations
were so bad. But they're just as bad in French! He's a good pulp writer, is
about all you can say." And, of course, Mark Twain. "I've read everything he
ever wrote. Mark Twain has already used up most of the best wisecracks in the
English language. Every now and then I go over his work trying to figure out
where I can file off the serial numbers."

Heinlein's family was in the farm-implement business, and eventually moved to
Kansas City, where his father, an accountant active in the Democratic party,
took a job with International Harvester. With seven children and little money,
college was unthinkable. So Heinlein, already an officer in the reserves by
fudging his age, determined to get enough recommendations for an appointment to
a military academy. "The senator told me later that he had 100 letters in his
files -- one each for 50 other candidates and 50 for me." (Two other brothers
became military officers; a third was a political science professor.)

He graduated in 1929, married his first wife (a subject he will not discuss),
and served for five years until he was retired because of the TB. He tried
graduate school, but again his health failed. While in a Colorado sanatorium, he
bought a share in a silver mine ("I know there's money in silver mining because
I put quite a bit in and never got any out") before drifting out to California
as a Democratic campaign honcho. In 1938, he ran for a seat in the state
assembly, lost and emerged "flat broke."

Providence intruded. He saw an ad in Thrilling Wonder Stories offering $50 for
the best amateur story. He sat down to write. What made him think he could do
it? "Nobody told me you couldn't. I didn't know any writers. That's why I became
a one-draft writer -- I didn't know you were supposed to rewrite." He wrote
"Life-Line" -- about a machine that can predict one's death -- in four days, but
instead sent it to Astounding Science Fiction, assuming that it "would not be so
swamped" with tyro outpourings. Astounding took the piece for $70, and the rest
is very lucrative history. (A G.M. Axiom, delivered with a peremptory wag of the
cane: "To any question of why, the answer is always money.")

"I had tried to write everything else, too: nonfiction, teen-age girls' stories,
the works. But I always came back to science fiction," then a stiff and
gimmick-ridden subgenre, which he transformed by example. He pioneered the
extrapolative story format, in which present trends are projected into a
plausible future, couched his scientific problems in human terms. And rather
than baldly describing the wonders of future worlds, he implied them through
dialogue and other forms of indirection.

Still, in those days, writing for the "pulp" magazines was only slightly more
reputable than owning a dog track. "I remember I was at a cocktail party in
1939. At that time, I had sold seven stories in Hollywood. There was a gal
there, so help me a deputy sheriff, she asked me what I did. I said I wrote. She
said 'What do you write?' I said 'Pulp.' And she looked at me and said, 'Well,
it's not what you do, it's whether you're happy at it, I always say.' "

Pulp writers were paid by the word, and if Heinlein writes fast now, he learned
it when speed was of the pecuniary essence. L. Ron "Battlefield Earth" Hubbard,
he says, was "the first writer I ever knew to have an electric typewriter. He
was supposed to write at about 4,000 words an hour. I dunno about that -- but
I've seen him write letters as fast as he could shove the paper in the roller.
Actually, I think Isaac [Asimov] is a little faster."

Pseudonyms upped the take. "One of mine enabled me to fill up most of an issue
of Astounding with two names -- Anson MacDonald and Robert Heinlein. Both with
the same word-rate." Those were the quality monikers. Others -- like Lyle Monroe
and Caleb Saunders -- were available at "fire-sale rates" for the cheaper
magazines. Later he would be the first to get sf into the "slicks," including
the Saturday Evening Post and later yet the first to break $500,000 for a novel,
though never leaving the close sodality of the pulpsters and their heirs. In the
'40s "there were about 40 sf writers," the G.M. says. "Now there are about 400.
And as a rule, they have their friends and associates from inside their own
guild. Nobody else is going to understand them when they talk." Along with
veterans Clarke, Asimov, Hubbard & Co., Heinlein's best friends include fellow
guildsmen Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle, among others.

When World War II broke out, he returned to active service as a research
engineer at the Philadelphia Navy Yard's Air Material Center. Also working there
were fellow science fiction writers L. Sprague de Camp, Asimov and a Navy
lieutenant named Virginia Gerstenfeld. "She was the best engineer I had," the
G.M. says. "All the others in the section were male. Give them a problem and
they'd make pages of notes and reports. She'd go change into her dungarees and
start doing experiments on the lab floor."

They married in 1948, after Heinlein's divorce, and moved to Colorado. The money
from "Destination Moon" built the house there, though both left the film-biz
world feeling ill-used and worse compensated. Ginny puts it this way: "Everyone
in Hollywood is paid more than he's worth. But what he has to go through to get
it is worth more than he's paid." Still, these days "we do a good business in
options," says the G.M. "Everybody in Hollywood has tried to write a script for
'Stranger.' It's belonged to five major studios." And though "it's been proved
absolutely worthless, we took the money and ran." Their new motto: "cash at the
bedside."

Darwinism and Democracy

As his works accumulated, a persistent theme emerged -- born of a dilemma that
the Darwinian apostate and Democratic disciple, naval officer and
draft-despiser, would resolve in his own life: how freedom of will and
libertarian self-reliance can coexist with devotion to authority and love of
country. And it remained when he gave up stories for better paying novels, adult
tales of time-travel and juvenile space adventures. "The difference is that I
never put any real sex into the boys' stories -- not because the boys didn't
understand or like it, but because their parents, teachers and librarians didn't
approve. And the stories for boys were technically much more difficult, loaded
with engineering and so forth, than anything I wrote for adults -- since most
adults put their brains into cold storage at the age of 21 and never take 'em
out again."

In terms of "real sex," the G.M. is considered something of a prude by
contemporary standards. And he admits that "I won't use in my stories the seven
words that are supposed to be taboo on radio" because "with the cultural
background of this country, they look naked as a plucked chicken when you stick
'em in something that's supposed to be in somebody's living room. For a good
long time those words need to be left out behind the barn."

And some reviewers find his sexual scenes unconvincing. He dismisses the subject
with a flip of the hand. "Every younger generation that has ever come along
thinks they invented sex."(Later he will recall New York in 1930: "I made good
use of Greenwich Village. In those days, a girl would go to bed with you for a
hot bath. And I had a bathtub!" Ginny discreetly but firmly shifts the subject.)
And if his work of the '70s seems obsessed with sex, as some critics argue, it
was a timely subject. Just as "Farnham's Freehold" (1964) dealt with racial
questions current at the time, his 1973 novel "I Will Fear No Evil" plunged into
the libidinal narcissism of the Me Decade: An aging tycoon transplants his brain
into a sexually spunky young woman and finally manages -- thanks to his prior
deposit in a sperm bank -- to impregnate himself!

Besides, "I started putting sex into science fiction a long time back. As fast
as they would take it. I had to watch the weather. Back in the days when Ron
Hubbard and I and L. Sprague de Camp were all writing for Astounding, Katy
Tarrant -- who was [editor] John Campbell's assistant, she was a devout Catholic
and an old maid. He let her do all the censoring, because he didn't know what
would pass and what wouldn't. Sprague used to stick in dirty words and
situations just to annoy her, and then she'd mark those out. But she told
Campbell that she didn't have any trouble with Mr. de Camp's stories -- she
could always tell. But when it came to Mr. Heinlein's stories, she just had a
feeling that they were bad all through!"

In that chill climate, he decided to suppress the book that became "Stranger,"
first conceived in the late '40s. "I held that story back for over 10 years
until I felt that the culture was ready to take it. That's the only story I've
ever done that was plotted in full before it was written." How did he know the
hour had come? "I just smelled the air." By 1961, it was already scented with
revolution, and the G.M. became an unwilling youthquake guru.

Ironically, at the same time he was developing another reputation -- as a
"fascist." His work had grown increasingly political, painting idealized
societies or cautionary dystopias of anarchy and spiritual rot. Even Ginny
became alarmed: "She used to tell me not to preach," says Heinlein, "and then
she decided I'd better." Ginny sighs. "What can you expect of a man whose
forebears were preachers?" (Or of one who has inherited the moral mantle of
Wells?) Then in 1959 he published "Starship Troopers," a rousing paean to
martial rites of passage that posited a society in which only veterans have the
franchise. Its fervid battle scenes and apparent glorification of a military
elite led critics to cry fascism.

Heinlein protested ("It's a democracy in which the poll tax is putting in a term
of voluntary service -- which could be as a garbage collector"), but things got
worse when the story spread that Scribner's, which had published a dozen of
Heinlein's juvenile novels, rejected "Starship" on grounds of excessive
militarism. Wrong, says the G.M. "Look, my editor
the late Alice Dalgleish] and I were not on speaking terms for years. She
disliked everything I did. She was an East Coast liberal pacifist, and
increasingly she had become disturbed with what I was writing." But the books
kept making money, so she acquiesced, Heinlein says, until " 'Starship Troopers'
came along and she would have no part of it. She told me to put it on the shelf
for a year and have another look at it myself. With that, I took it across the
street" to another publisher.

Of course, the G.M. is a militarist -- unashamedly so. His conversation veers
incessantly back to scenes from World War II and the Naval Academy, as if caught
in the orbit of a fading star. Dominating his shipshape study -- above the file
cabinets with drawers marked "Classified Subjects" -- is his Annapolis dress
saber, surmounting a plaque bearing the inscription "Dum vivimus, vivamus"
(While we are alive, let us live!). Over his writing desk is a sort of
time-travel shrine to the past -- including a photo of Ginny in uniform and some
stamped-metal plates. "See," he says, bending to touch them, "these are her dog
tags."

And many of his opinions may seem like Cold War relics in the present age. As
for the Soviets, "I can't understand those who think there's any good in signing
treaties with people who have cheated for 40 years." And he believes the
Communist Party probably has infiltrated, or at least influenced, campuses,
churches and environmental groups; assumes that there are Russian "sleeper"
agents soon to awaken; and regards incidents like Three Mile Island as
suspicious "pseudo-emergencies." The growing frequency of such "public panics"
may serve to keep Americans distraught and confused: "It is possible that the
disinformation boys are doing their jobs." And Ginny, a talk-radio fan, says she
has "recognized certain terms that are either clearly communist" or the product
of callers who are "very well indoctrinated."

That is not a currently modish position. But neither is the G.M.'s recent
standing with reviewers. No matter: "Most critics simply cannot cope with
science fiction because their background is usually a degree in English or
something like that. You take a man who has to take his shoes off to do
arithmetic, and he's not going to be too happy with ballistics and spaceships."

Besides, "as for my recent books, although many of them have been panned, each
is more widely reviewed than the one before -- and selling more copies and
making more money." This despite the view, summarized in the Science Fiction
Encyclopedia, that his works since 1970 are "bloated tracts." It is true that
his latest work has been preoccupied with alternative universes that each mind
creates for itself: multiperson solipsism.

If some critics find that a tedious whimsy, to the G.M. it may be profoundly
apt. "As far as that solipsistic stuff is concerned, this country has zigzagged
back and forth between a religious teleology and a mechanistic teleology, and
there ain't any evidence worth a hoot for either of them. There isn't for
solipsism either," but the G.M has been serious about it ever since his 1941
story, "They," in which a solitary asylum inmate perceives that the material
world exists only to deceive him and that he is the author of his own cosmos in
dreams. Heinlein shakes his head at the memory. "John Campbell called it 'a
perfect case of paranoia.' The guy just never got it through his head that the
story was intended to be taken straight."

Others have damned him for creating societies in which only elites are rewarded
("Whereas now," he grunts, "elites are supposed to apologize for the privilege
of rewarding the common man?") and for inventing female characters fated only
for appalling subservience and motherhood. Says the accused chauvinist: "Even
that can't be substantiated statistically. I don't know what they want me to do
with the females. Do they want 'em not to have babies? I don't think there's
much future in a gal who's thoroughly opposed to having babies. And the men in
my stories are also thoroughly in favor of it."

Yet others complain that Heinlein needs more editorial pruning than he gets.
Which is zero, the G.M. avers. "I won't sign a contract until the manuscript is
complete. And the contract has in it that there isn't anything they can do even
if the comma's in the middle of a word."

Will and the World

It also includes a mighty hefty advance. "If you've got a publisher on the hook
for a great big piece of change, he'll spend some money on promoting it." But
for all his mercenary disclaimers, few writers are more earnest about the effect
of their work. When "Expanded Universe" came out in 1980, "I wouldn't allow a
foreign edition. I'm highly critical of some things about the U.S. in there, and
dirty linens should be washed at home."

And he's been scrubbing away for years, in fictional fables and polemics so
gloomy they make Oswald Spengler look like David Hartman. On public school: "We
are now in the second generation of illiteracy. The blind lead the blind." On
the average ill-motivated college student: "Most U.S. campuses will baby-sit him
four years, then hand him a baccalaureate for not burning down the library." On
soldiering: "Roman matrons used to tell their sons, 'Return with your shield or
on it.' After a while this custom declined. So did Rome."

Inanity abounding: "You can go to a cocktail party on the campus of a major
university and be asked three times what sign were you born under. And we've got
citizens in this culture who honest to God believe that professional athletes
and actors are important people with opinions worth paying attention to!" Ginny
interrupts: "And rock musicians -- you left them out." Heinlein groans. "I find
an oxymoron in the very term 'rock musician.' "

But mostly he abhors the atrophy of the will. Hence his novelistic concentration
on voluntarism -- and his real-life crusade for blood donations through the
Robert Heinlein Blood Drives, a national program that began at sf conventions.
"SF fans, just taken raw, have a much higher percentage of donors than the
normal population," he says. And "the Trekkies are twice as easy to recruit.
That's the influence of Gene Roddenberry and the fact that 'Star Trek' has a
definite moral tinge."

Unlike the lumpen entropy he discerns in society as a whole. A small, dismissive
sigh. "Oh, well, if the country can't make it on the volunteer efforts of its
citizens, let it go down the drain. It's not worth saving if the citizens don't
want to save it." The Grand Master braces the cane, forces himself off the sofa,
then stops, stuck on the thought. His head drops toward the floor and his voice
goes gray.

"I'm not convinced that we're going to make it. I'll bet on the human race. I'm
just not sure about the United States of America."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Virginia and Robert Heinlein outside their Santa Cruz, Calif.
home. By Bill Lovejoy for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              144 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 June 12, 1991

Arts: The BFG - Cambridge/touring

BYLINE: By M. GROSVENOR MYER

LENGTH: 396 words


DESPITE Sir Kingsley Amis's mean minded grassing on Roald Dahl's alleged
venality in writing for children, Dahl keeps his hold on his youthful
enthusiasts. Teachers reported widespread mourning in the country's classrooms
on his death last autumn, and David Wood's stage version of his BFG (Big
Friendly Giant) was an all-out sell out at the Cambridge Arts Theatre.

The BFG is an indubitably scrumpty dumptious read. But how, I couldn't but
wonder, could the fearsome Bloodbottler and Bonecrusher and the other terrifying
giants be managed on stage?


What would become of the fiendishly flatulent whizzpopping that followed the
drinking of the Dollifactoratious frobscottle? (Dahl is one of those writers,
like Runyon, whom you can't read for long without distinct, though happily
temporary dislocation of the vocabulary and idiom.)

No need to have worried. The whizzpopping comes over loud and clear, much to the
delight of the youthful audience. David Wood has provided a servicable and
harmless framing device, and taken few serious liberties with the plot.

The nasty giants have admirably horrible head masks, and problems of scale are
cleverly solved by the use of puppets, small (when required to contrast with
normal sized people being giants) and enormous (when normal sized people are
being themselves.

Anthony Pedley is properly avuncular as the eponymous Big Friendly one, and
Fiona Grogan suitably dependent but self-assertive as his young friend Sophie.

The subversiveness which is so much part of Dahl's appeal comes over well in two
dream sequences in which children dominate and humiliate adult authority
figures; but a proper respect is paid to HM The Queen, an appealing
characterisation by Mary-Ann Coburn, coming to breakfast, as a child would
imagine, in full court dress and with a real corgi on a lead.

A child's first live theatre visit is a vital experience. Would this, I had to
ask myself, do for the next generation what Where The Rainbow Ends did for me in
1936? To judge by the shrieks of enthusiasm at the end, not a doubt of it.

Any child not delighted by the BFG must have a head filled with squashed flies,
and deserves to be fed for a year on disgustatious snozzcumbers.

Touring to Newcastle, Glasgow, Dartford, Manchester, Bath, and Croydon until
July 21. There will be a further tour in the Autumn.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              145 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 15, 1991, Friday

An opportunity for India to clean house

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 18

LENGTH: 373 words


Indians should send an emphatic "enough is enough" message to their leaders when
they cast their ballots in May. It's past time to curb the venality, opportunism
and thuggery that politics have degenerated into in a nation already simmering
with ethnic chauvinism, sectarian strife, caste violence, threatened breakup and
abject poverty.

The prospect of fresh elections - just 18 months and two governments after the
last vote - follows the March 6 resignation of Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar,
whose Janata Dal (Socialist) party held just 10 percent of Parliament but
governed with the backing of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's Congress
Party, which used the time to rebuild and pulled the rug from under Chandra
Shekhar when it judged the moment opportune to seek voters' trust again.

Mr. Gandhi is banking on his dynastic links (he's the grandson of India's first
prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, and son of its third, Indira Gandhi) and
Congress's party machinery to win. He faces likely opposition from L.K. Advani's
Hindu-rights Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and V.P. Singh's Janata Dal, of which
Chandra Shekar's party is a forgettable offshoot.

The BJP offers a return to a "greater India" steeped in Hindu mythology,
chauvinism and grandeur. Mr. Singh and Janata Dal, which offer the best hope for
a progressive India, hope to win unequivocal support this time by promising to
keep India true to the secular and democratic ideals of Mr. Nehru and Mahatma
Gandhi.

If a sense of deja vu envelops Indians, it's because Mr. Gandhi flawlessly
followed the same script used by his mother, Indira, to return to power in the
early '80s after she was ousted by the Janata coalition in 1977. She tempted
Charan Singh and his faction away from Janata, threw Congress's backing behind
him as prime minister for several months and then withdrew her support, forcing
new elections that she won handily.

Mr. Gandhi obviously hopes his power play will have a similar ending. But he and
his party are still tainted by the Bofors arms scandal. And an India fed up with
political opportunism, cynical manipulation of the parliamentary process and
corruption could reject his attempt to repeat history.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              146 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                              July 30, 2006 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Surviving a gathering of scribes;
Mike stein cityside

BYLINE: MIKE STEIN

SECTION: IRVINEWORLDNEWS; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 648 words


Imagine being in the same room with over 100 opinionated columnists. I did more
than imagine it. I was there as one of them.

It wasn't as scary as I had feared. A sizeable portion of the group from the
National Society of Newspaper Columnists convening in Boston were humor
columnists, who normally keep their opinions to themselves. I listened for a few
japes I might take home for recycling, but they seemingly confine their drollery
to their columns.

Even the political columnists, instead of ranting about the Iraq war, the
venality of politicians or Hillary Clinton's chances in 2008, chattered largely
-- at least in my presence -- about the bad attitude of some Boston cab drivers,
the near impossibility of getting tickets to a Red Sox game and woes of airline
travel.

It might have been a Lions Club meeting. In fact, Lions Club International was
meeting in Boston at the same time, as l learned when I mistakenly approached a
Lions welcome table at my hotel and was handed a city map and a bunch of
brochures by a gracious Lioness. She let me keep the packet even when I
explained I was at the wrong table.

Many attendees at our assemblage have journalism backgrounds, working previously
as reporters, copyreaders or editors.

But some took a different path to penning a column. Among us were two stand-up
comedians, a radio talk-show host, a psychotherapist, an M.D., a lawyer, a rock
musician, a financial planner (and ex-boxer), and a guy who owns a medical
supply company.

A more accurate picture of who we are was supplied by Associate Professor J.
Michael Robertson of the University of San Francisco from his demographic survey
of 154 NSNC members that included both newspaper staff and freelance columnists
in 38 states and Canada. Of course, the sample falls well short of the total
number of column scribblers in the two countries but it's a fair cross-section
of them.

Robertson, a former San Francisco Chronicle editor and columnist, found that
over 96 percent of us are white with a median age of 51. African Americans and
Asian Americans each had a representation of 1.5 percent in the 126 who answered
that question (not all questions required responses). As to what topics draw
most reader response, 71 replied politics and controversy while 64 listed their
personal lives. Am I missing the appeal of first-person narratives? Nah. Who'd
be interested in my creative ways of balancing my checkbook?

Dr. Robertson also asked what it's like to write a column. A pain, a burden and
job to get done, 40 replied. However, 25 others compared it to sex (sex?), 12 to
therapy and 12 to writing a letter or talking to a friend.

For readers who tend to label political pundits as either wrongheaded lefties or
right-wing crackpots, the research results may be surprising. Thirty-seven
percent of the political writers declared themselves liberal, 36 percent
moderate, and 21 percent conservative.

In the voting booth, 22 percent of the political scribes said they were
Democrats, 20 percent Republicans and 44 percent Independents. Of the
non-political columnists, 37 percent were stated Democrats, 18 percent
Republicans and 35 percent Independents. I'll let you do the math.

When keynote speaker Arianna Huffington, a nationally syndicated columnist and
TV personality, blasted President Bush's foreign policy, terming Iraq "a stupid
war," more than half the audience gave her a standing ovation. This may or may
not have indicated political preference. After all, the war is not popular with
the public at large, as several polls have shown.

There were several other questions and answers I don't have room for, but I
agreed with my colleagues, who, overwhelmingly, supported fairness but not
objectivity in a column.

The idea was kind of summed by the inscription on a T-shirt worn by Smiley
Anders, columnist for the Baton Rouge (La.) Advocate. It read: "Katrina Blew and
FEMA Sucks."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            October 19, 2001 Friday

Small world;
Ex-governor from Kankakee remembered mostly for scandal

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 929 words


This is the story of a Republican governor of Illinois from Kankakee whose
greatest claim to fame was the millions of dollars he spent improving the
state's roads. Of course, to do that, he had to raise taxes substantially, even
though he was considered a conservative.

He also improved funding for public schools, expanded legal gambling and made a
popular change concerning capital punishment. Furthermore, his time as governor
was marred by a lingering scandal that occurred when he previously held another
high state office, as well as by contemporary accusations of graft and nepotism.

So, does this guy sound familiar, or what?

That's right, it's him - none other than our own Lennington "Len" Small, 26th
governor of the state and a man whose venality has earned national recognition.

"It would be futile to single out the most dishonest politician ever to hold
office, but Len Small ... stands as the most blatantly corrupt," said Carl
Sifakis in his "Encyclopedia of American Crime."

A Kankakee farm boy who became a very successful politician, Small was born in
1862. He held a variety of political positions, including a stint running the
Kankakee State Hospital, where, when he was 40, his name first was tied to
scandal when some of his patronage employees were allegedly coerced into making
political contributions.

Small was elected state treasurer on two non-consecutive occasions, and he
apparently used the office for personal gain. In fact, after each of his terms
as treasurer, state laws were changed to make it harder for the person holding
that office to profit unfairly from the post.

By 1920, Small was quite well off and owned a model farm, a bank and Kankakee's
daily newspaper.

As his political career was prospering, Small became closely affiliated with
Chicago Mayor William Hale "Big Bill" Thompson, whose corrupt regime fostered an
environment in which gangsters such as Al Capone thrived.

In 1920, with Thompson's help, Small was elected governor. During his eight
years of office, he was credited with a number of accomplishments, according to
Robert Howard, whose book "Mostly Good and Competent Men" is a history of
Illinois governors.

Among Small's achievements, Howard said, were a state bonus for war veterans, an
improvement in state aid to schools designed to help poorer school districts,
creation of the state conservation department, legalization of parimutuel
betting on horse races and the replacement of hanging by electrocution as the
means of capital punishment.

Most important, Howard said, was Small's record as a road builder at a time when
the growing popularity of automobiles had America clamoring for more and better
roads.

With tens of millions of dollars from bond issues and taxes, Small spearheaded
the building of 7,000 miles of concrete roadways, the most extensive system of
paved roads in the country at the time.

"Small was one of the great American road builders," Howard said, conceding that
it was also true that "the good the governor did couldn't erase his penchant for
graft and nepotism."

Two examples of that penchant are more than sufficient to prove that point.

Shortly after he was elected governor, in 1921, Small was put on trial for
conspiracy and embezzlement during his second term as treasurer. Small had
deposited state funds in a private bank in Kankakee to which he had connections,
then loaned the state's money to Chicago meatpackers at 6 percent interest.

He then turned around and paid the state 2 or 3 percent interest on the money
and apparently pocketed the difference. Small was acquitted, but some historians
believe that jury tampering was involved, an accusation supported by the fact
that four of the jurors got state jobs after the acquittal.

Sifakis said a number of members of the Chicago underworld, including a labor
racketeer known as "Umbrella Mike" Boyle, influenced the jury with bribes and
threats.

After the acquittal, a civil suit was filed against Small on the same charges by
the state's attorney general. This time Small wasn't so lucky, and he was
ordered to pay more than $1 million, an order that was upheld by the State
Supreme Court but later reduced to $650,000 by a new, friendlier state attorney
general.

Small had little trouble raising the money for the fine, however. He simply took
it from state employees, who were assessed as much as 80 percent of one month's
pay check for political contributions.

A second example of Small's "penchant for graft" occurred while he was governor
and discovered that his power to pardon convicted criminals could be quite
useful, according to Sifakis.

He started out by pardoning the thugs who had helped him win his criminal trial,
then moved on to a more commercial operation, working in cahoots with Cook
county state's attorney Robert Crowe, the author said.

Sifakis describes the scheme as follows:

"When Crowe would convict a wrongdoer, the man could buy a pardon from Small.
Then Small and Crowe would split the take, and Crowe would go into court for
more convictions."

During his eight years as governor, Sifakis said, Small pardoned an astonishing
8,000 felons, most of them "on a strictly cash basis."

Small lost a third bid for governor in 1928, perhaps because the public was
getting fed up with the gangsterism that flourished under his and Thompson's
regimes.

Small died in 1936, but his memory lives on, not the least as the exception
Howard clearly had in mind when he titled his history of the Illinois
governorship "Mostly Good and Competent Men."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lennington "Len" Small lost a third bid for governor in 1928, perhaps
because the public was getting fed up with the gangsterism that flourished under
his regime.

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              148 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 13, 2001

Saturday review: Four songs at twilight: Film director Terence Davies on how he
came to write a radio play about geriatrics

BYLINE: Terence Davies

SECTION: Guardian Saturday Pages, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 658 words


We are on the set of The House of Mirth at Gosford Place, owned by Lord and Lady
Wemyss. Lady W is an anglicised American of immense charm and warmth. Lord W is
a shadowy figure who knits a lot, and orders me out of the green room whenever
we are unfortunate enough to be in there at the same time.

The actors look irradiated and orange. They stand on a balcony in Scotland
pretending that it's Monte Carlo at the height of the belle epoque , trying
desperately to look hot and languid against a wind coming in from Ross and
Cromarty or Faroes - a wind so fresh it keeps the blood at just below
post-mortem warmth and has fog banks in its wake. Faces and hands have taken on
a steroid-induced puffiness, and patience is in short supply.

When not trying to look as if we are in the sun-drenched, sex-obsessed venality
of the Cote d'Anglais, we do over-the-shoulder pick-up shots: people opening
letters, people reading letters, people writing cheques. You have no idea how
time-consuming writing cheques is, and it carries with it a ball-numbing tedium.

Once the camera is set up, continuity and the director of photography take over.
I am completely redundant. Well, how do you direct a cheque, for God's sake? I
sit in the gravel-covered forecourt of the house, unable to think of anything
useful to do.

So I try to look occupied. At school, in the mid-1950s, I'd have been given
raffia work and told to take that smirk off my face.

Feeling superfluous and flat, I've become the human equivalent of Mogadon.
Someone brings my post. I notice that one envelope bears a Manchester postmark.
Oh, Manchester! Warm, balmy, subtropical Manchester! It's from Polly Thomas at
the BBC there. Had I ever thought of writing for radio?

But yes! That was how I started. At Radio Merseyside with the lovely Jim Black
who liked my work. I would write during the week then go down to the studios in
Sir Thomas Street on a Saturday or Sunday morning and record my small prose
pieces. I was always allowed to read them. And I got between two and five
guineas for them, depending on length. It would be like going home.

I ring Polly. We like each other's voices and arrange to meet in London after
filming.

Months later, over tea, we discuss what I could do with an open commission from
Radio 3. I gingerly suggest that I adapt part of a novel I had published in
1983, hastily adding that I'm not a natural novelist - well, let's face it, I'm
not a novelist at all.

Hallelujah Now is in three thematically linked sections. It's very febrile, very
overwritten, but I do think I can salvage something from part three. After
reading the entire book, Polly agrees.

The Walk to the Paradise Garden is set in a geriatric ward. The four main
characters recall their past lives as they come to terms with their own
mortality. Put like that, it seems stark and devoid of drama. But the drama is
in the memory. Their past lives are rich, their inner worlds full of life:
memory as drama, with illness and decrepitude acting as chorus. A rapprochement
between life and death.

If there's a similarity between radio and film, it's the ability of both means
of expression to concentrate on, and thereby highlight, small things to expose
the intimacy, the poetry of the ordinary. For let us not forget - let us never
forget - that life is a tapestry of small things, quiet epiphanies: a hair
colour, a soft voice, distant music from distant melodies, regretful sorrow, a
gentle touch on gentle skin, the timbre of love. At the last, it becomes a song
at twilight, at gloaming when the shadows lengthen for us all. Yet somewhere
there's always that dark agency, insistent and perpetual, a memento mori ever
present.

I've tried to paint for the ear of the inner eye. I've tried to appeal to the
eye of the inner ear. Whether or not I've succeeded remains to be heard.

Walk to the Paradise Garden is on Radio 3, tomorrow, at 9.30pm.


LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              149 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                 (Taking Note)

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

If Virginia Doesn't Expand Medicaid, Blame This Guy

BYLINE: DAVID FIRESTONE

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 423 words



HIGHLIGHT: Republicans in Virginia persuaded Phillip Puckett to give up his
Senate seat by engineering job offers for him and his daughter.


Considering what residents of New York have been through in recent decades, they
might have thought no other state (except maybe Illinois) could outdo them in
cynicism about their state government. In Albany in 2009, for example, a
politician now on trial for bribery (Malcolm Smith) was briefly deposed as
Senate president by two other senators who were later convicted of crimes (Hiram
Monserrate and Pedro Espada Jr.) as party control of the chamber hung in the
balance.

But what's happening in Virginia right now may rival or even top that level of
brazenness, proving yet again that personal ambition and venality often outweigh
political principle.

As The Washington Post reported today, Republicans in Virginia persuaded a
Democratic state senator to give up his seat by engineering job offers for him
and his daughter. The loss of that seat puts Republicans in control of the
closely divided state Senate, and probably means the end of any hope to expand
Medicaid in that state.

The senator, Phillip Puckett, resigned today, paving the way for his daughter,
Martha Puckett Ketron, to win an appointment as a domestic court judge. (The
Virginia Senate has a good policy of not appointing the close relatives of
active legislators to the bench, but senators don't seem to have a problem with
using that policy as a form of coercion.)

Until earlier this afternoon, it looked as though Mr. Puckett would take a job
as deputy director of the state's tobacco commission, which is led by a
Republican legislator. But he ultimately walked away from the offer after
furious Democrats accused him of accepting a bribe.

Democrats said Republicans arranged the deal solely to prevent Gov. Terry
McAuliffe, a Democrat, from expanding the Medicaid program. As we wrote in a
recent editorial, Republican opposition is preventing 400,000 low-income people
in Virginia from receiving health insurance.

Republicans "will do anything and everything to prevent low-income Virginians
from getting health care," Scott Surovell, a Democrat in the House of Delegates,
told The Post. "They figure the only way they could win was to give a job to a
state senator."

In various forms, this kind of smashmouth politics is played in statehouses
across the country by lawmakers who know that most voters don't care or aren't
paying any attention. It gives the lie to the idea, usually promoted by
Republicans, that state legislatures are a great laboratory for government
innovation. They may be a lab, but only sunlight and voter anger can cure what
is growing there.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Virginia is for lovers of lax ethics and anything-goes politics

BYLINE: Peter Galuszka

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1423 words


It's known as the Virginia Way.

Richmond political culture clings to a quaint notion that its elected
representatives are gentlemen and ladies who are above the petty venality that
afflicts lesser states.

"Neither ethical lapses nor public corruption are commonplace, let alone
tolerated, in Virginia," House Speaker Bill Howell has said .

"Virginia is a great example of good and clean government because it has high
standards, great discipline and pride in its public service," white-collar
defense lawyer John M. Dowd of Vienna wrote in The Washington Post.

This presumption of noblesse oblige has prevailed since the days of Gov. Patrick
Henry and Gov. Thomas Jefferson, when the General Assembly was a clubby conclave
of landholders - not exactly the sort of men to tolerate questions about their
honesty.

It's bolstered by a political history that includes remarkably few high-profile
corruption cases. Bob McDonnell is the first sitting governor since the founding
of the state to face a corruption investigation. Contrast that with Illinois,
where more than half of the governors since 1970 have been convicted of
corruption.

So while the gift scandal that has tarnished McDonnell has assured that ethics
reform will be on the legislative agenda next year in Richmond - regardless of
who prevails in Virginia's election Tuesday - many politicians in the state see
the case as an anomaly. Republican gubernatorial candidate Ken Cuccinelli
maintained that it was "completely inconsistent with Virginia's very reserved
traditions."

Cuccinelli and Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe support the creation of an
ethics commission and stricter limits on gifts. But as a reporter who has
covered Virginia politics off and on since 1975, I can attest that reform
efforts aren't likely to get far. Too many Old Dominion politicians buy into
Virginia's moral exceptionalism. Or they realize that the lax ethics rules and
limited oversight that are justified by it make it easier for them to win and
stay in office.

Virginia's laws governing money in politics are especially egregious. The state
is among only four that have no limits on campaign contributions. Nor is there a
cap on gifts to elected officials, as long as they disclose annually anything
worth more than $50. Virginia's formidable complex of corporations and lobbying
groups pumps millions of dollars into state political campaigns and lays on
perks such as steak dinners, Redskins tickets and extended travel to such
diverse spots as France, Taiwan and Turkey.

One loophole highlighted by the McDonnell story: The disclosure requirement
doesn't extend to officials' immediate family members or companies the officials
may own. So McDonnell didn't report that the chief executive of Henrico
County-based Star Scientific gave $70,000 in loans to MoBo Real Estate Partners,
owned by the governor and his sister; or that the CEO paid for a $15,000 New
York shopping trip for the first lady and later wrote her a check for $50,000;
or that he picked up a $15,000 catering bill for the wedding of one McDonnell
daughter and gave a $10,000 engagement gift to another.

Similarly unbelievable are Virginia's rules for how campaign money can be spent.
"There are no restrictions," Nikki Sheridan , spokeswoman for the Virginia State
Board of Elections, told The Post. "If they wanted to use the money to send
their kids to college, they could probably do that."

More common is for lawmakers to charge their campaign and political action
committees - funded in large part by special interests such as power company
Dominion and cigarette-maker Altria - for day-to-day expenses such as groceries
and gas. For instance, Tim Hugo  of Fairfax, the third-ranking Republican in
Virginia's House of Delegates, expensed nearly $30,000 for travel and food and
$9,400 for his cellphone over an 18-month period.

All this would be less worrisome if there were decent checks on what lawmakers
were up to. But Virginia has no independent ethics commission - as 41 other
states do. Expense reports aren't audited, and no one systematically reviews
disclosure statements. The nonpartisan Virginia Public Access Project  does
collect and distribute data from the state on political donations and gifts. It
doesn't fact-check, though, says Executive Director David Poole: "That's never
been our role."

Meanwhile, Old Dominion traditions ensure that voters are removed from the
political process as much as possible. Since 1851, the state has held its
elections in off years, which means that far fewer Virginians turn out to vote
for governor than to vote for president.

Virginia also isn't a big fan of freedom of information. The state won a Supreme
Court case in April about blocking out-of-state Freedom of Information Act
requests. A new consortium to support the development of nuclear power is immune
from FOIA requests. And much of the work of the State Corporation Commission,
which sets utility rates and deals with business cases in closed-door meetings,
isn't subject to the FOIA.

These sorts of practices contributed to Virginia's failing grade  in a 2012
report by the nonpartisan Center for Public Integrity and two partners assessing
states' corruption risk. Critics of that report question how closely the
indicators it used - including government accountability, ethics enforcement and
public access to information - relate to the prevalence of corruption. After
all, New Jersey, where a dragnet in 2009  nailed three mayors and two state
assemblymen with international money laundering charges, received the best score
of all 50 states. But of course, it's easier to charge people with corruption if
you have laws that ban it.

Even with its virtually nonexistent ethics rules, Virginia comes in 10th - right
after New Jersey - for the most public employees convicted of corruption
between 2000 and 2010 as a percentage of population. This ranking includes
Virginia's thousands of federal workers. But presumably the Old Dominion would
see even more convictions if it prohibited practices that are illegal in other
states and if it were better equipped to identify politicians who cross the
line.

Virginia's highest-profile corruption conviction to date came in 2010, when
former finance secretary John W. Forbes II  was sentenced to 10 years in prison
for defrauding the state's tobacco commission of $4 million, which he spent on a
fancy new house and personal investments.

The tobacco commission itself offers a great case study of shady ethics in
Virginia. Set up in 1999 to distribute some of the state's $4.1 billion share of
the national tobacco settlement, it served as a slush fund for pet projects in
the tobacco belt for a decade.

While many states spent the bulk of their settlement money on health programs or
advertisements to discourage young people from smoking, Virginia put half of its
settlement funds into a trust for tobacco-farming communities. It gave handouts
of up to $12,000 to anyone with a quota to grow tobacco. The idea was to help
wean growers off the golden leaf. But the checks went out whether or not
quota-holders were growing tobacco at the time - and whether or not they lived
in the state. The business magazine I was editing then found that in one county,
28 percent of the people who received checks didn't live in Virginia at all, but
in places such as Philadelphia and Las Vegas.

I was hardly surprised when the tobacco commission came up in the McDonnell
case. E-mails showed that the Star Scientific chief believed that the governor
was helping to get his company research funding from the commission. Star, which
developed a nutritional supplement using a chemical found in tobacco, didn't end
up receiving commission money. But plenty of special interests did over the
years.

It's easy to understand why Virginia governors and legislators aren't interested
in changing these Old Dominion traditions - and why reform proposals never go
anywhere. Calls for an ethics commission pop up from time to time. I remember
writing about it when I was a reporter at the Virginian-Pilot in the '70s. Its
chances now are equally poor.

What Virginians will probably see are small, cosmetic shifts, such as requiring
immediate family members to report gifts and perhaps some new limits on their
value. The current political structure is just too entrenched to change more
dramatically.

Plus, deep down, some Virginians still want to believe the myth of the
gentlemanly cavaliers.

pgaluszka1@comcast.net

Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 22, 2006 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Robert Heinecken, Artist Who Juxtaposed Photographs, Is Dead at 74

BYLINE: By ANDY GRUNDBERG

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 992 words


Robert Heinecken, an artist and teacher whose eclectic and challenging work
radically expanded the range of possibilities for photography as art, died on
Friday at a nursing home in Albuquerque. He was 74.

The cause was pneumonia, said his wife, Joyce Neimanas, who added that he had
suffered from Alzheimer's disease for several years.

Starting in the early 1960's, Mr. Heinecken used an array of unconventional
processes and an irreverent attitude toward the photographic original to
influence the course of the art form. Surprisingly, for someone who came to be
identified as a photographer, Mr. Heinecken seldom used a camera; he did not
really take pictures himself until he started making Polaroid photographs of
magazine pages in the late 1970's.

Instead of treating photographs as the autonomous creations of their makers, as
did Ansel Adams and other postwar tastemakers, he viewed them as forms of
cultural iconography that reflected the commercialism and venality of
contemporary life. In this sense, he was a forerunner of appropriationist
artists of the 1980's like Barbara Kruger, Sherrie Levine and Richard Prince,
who borrowed and recontextualized existing photographic images culled from
printed reproductions.

Mr. Heinecken's most influential body of work was his 1966-67 series ''Are You
Rea,'' consisting of images that superimposed advertising and feature
photographs found in large-circulation magazines, often to sarcastic effect. To
combine the images, he treated each page like a photographic negative, shining a
light through to expose both sides at once.

For his source material, Mr. Heinecken also turned to pornographic magazines,
mail-order negatives of nude ''art studies,'' product packaging and television
commercials. He subjected these ''found images'' to a variety of transformations
involving methods and materials like lithography, etching, cameraless
direct-exposure photograms and photo emulsion applied to canvas. He was capable
of a wide range of aesthetic effects, from the delicately beautiful to the
deliberately jarring.

In several series, including his ''Cliche Vary'' in 1974, the artist reproduced
and reprocessed photographs of naked women in suggestive poses. This work,
coinciding with the rise of the feminist movement, came to be viewed by many as
repellent rather than as a commentary on male notions of eroticism.

Less controversial were his ''Videograms'' in the early 1980's. He coined the
term for a series of color photographs he took directly from a television
broadcast without a camera, by fastening a piece of light-sensitive paper
directly on the screen. Made during the first inauguration of President Ronald
Reagan, they poke fun at both the political process and the media.

Mr. Heinecken's hybrid integration of photographs with other mediums was a
rebuke to the aesthetics of conventional photography adhered to by the major art
photographers of the day. But it had much in common with the approach of Robert
Rauschenberg, the unclassifiable artist whose graphic work of the late 1950's
and early 60's freely mingled paint, sculpture, printmaking and photography.
Like Mr. Rauschenberg, Mr. Heinecken doted on random effects and chance
juxtapositions, joining a lineage in the arts that went from John Cage back to
European Surrealism and Dadaism.

Robert Heinecken was born in Denver in 1931, the son of a Lutheran minister, and
grew up in Riverside, Calif. After graduating from high school, he attended the
University of California at Los Angeles but left to join the Marines, serving as
a fighter pilot from 1953 to 1957. After leaving the military he returned to
U.C.L.A., where he received bachelor's and master's degrees in art. As a
graduate student, he specialized in printmaking but, influenced by the
historical example of Marcel Duchamp and by a contemporary Los Angeles art scene
in rebellion against abstract painting, he began to combine lithography,
etching, sculpture and photograms in unusual ways.

After receiving his master's degree in 1960, Mr. Heinecken was hired by the
U.C.L.A. art department, where he taught for the next 31 years. In 1963, he
founded the department's photography program, at the time one of the few places
to study photography as an art. In 1964 he helped found the Society for
Photographic Education, an organization of college-level teachers. He was its
chairman in 1970 and 1971.

As a teacher, Mr. Heinecken encouraged experimentation and stylistic freedom but
offered no stylistic blueprint. Among his better-known students are Jo Ann
Callis, John Divola and Patrick Nagatani. In 1991 he retired from U.C.L.A. and
in 1996 he moved to Chicago, where Ms. Neimanas taught photography at the School
of the Art Institute of Chicago. They moved to Albuquerque two years ago.

Perhaps because he was identified closely with photography, Mr. Heinecken never
achieved the vast public recognition accorded Mr. Rauschenberg, and he did not
gain an international reputation quite like those of John Baldessari or Ed
Ruscha, fellow California artists with an interest in the photograph as a
cultural object. But in the last 10 years, his career was the subject of two
retrospective exhibitions, mounted by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago
in 1999 and the Center for Creative Photography at the University of Arizona in
2003. The Center for Creative Photography now holds his archives.

In addition to his wife, he is survived by three children from his first
marriage, to Janet M. Storey: Geoffrey Heinecken of Ukiah, Calif., Kathe Hull of
Denver; and Karol Mora of Los Angeles; and by three grandchildren.

The idea of photography as a documentary medium did not interest Mr. Heinecken
in the least. He once said: ''Many pictures turn out to be limp translations of
the known world instead of vital objects which create an intrinsic world of
their own. There is a vast difference between taking a picture and making a
photograph.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Robert Heinecken

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Robert Heinecken with his installation ''Waking Up in News
America.'' (Photo by Stephen J. Carrera/Associated Press, 1999)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              152 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      December 26, 1999 Sunday 2D EDITION

1,000 YEARS OF STORIES THAT TIME FORGOT, OR SHOULD HAVE Hype took its toll on
history

BYLINE: By William Porter, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: LFS; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 1492 words


As millenniums go, it's been a fairly decent 1,000 years.

Sure, we've had our ups and downs. Human beings remain capable  of wretched acts
of venality and violence.

Yet other traits of our species - the ability to sacrifice  self for the common
good, pursue justice and decency, uplift the  downtrodden and teach journalists
how to spell 'millennium'  without consulting the dictionary - seem to have
actually flowered.

But when you view the historic sweep of the past 10 centuries,  trying to sort
out the big events from the small, the watershed  moments from the so-so, the
Battle of Hastings from Zsa Zsa  Gabor's cop-slapping, you're struck by one
thing:

Whatever else can be said about this millennium, it was the  era that produced
the phenomenon known as 'hype.'

You've seen hype in action, perhaps been swept up in it. Hype  takes a perfectly
respectable event and inflates it out of all  proportion to its relative
importance in the grand scheme of  things. Like myth, the tale grows in the
telling.

Which brings us to the most overhyped events of the past 1,000  years. Or, at
least, the December 1999 version. Scan the list, and  you'll notice it is
weighted toward events of the past 200 years.  There's a reason for that. Hype
is largely the product of the  information age.

Flogging a subject becomes much easier when you have a record  of the event
-preferably a visual, oral and written version of it  - coupled with the ability
to disseminate it widely and easily.  The 15th century advent of the printing
press, with its movable  type, was a big step in that direction. Ditto for the
rise of  public education and libraries.

But when it comes to dialing the hype machine up to 11, nothing  humans have
devised matches the holy trinity of radio, television  and motion pictures.

Consider the Hindenburg airship disaster of 1937. The fiery  crash was
spectacular, broadcast by radio ('Oh, the humanity!')  and captured by film and
still photograph. As disasters go, it was  rather small in scale, with 35
deaths. Yet it is seared into the  public consciousness.

Just 30 years earlier, drought and famine killed 24 million  people in China. If
you didn't know that, don't feel bad. It's not  generally taught in U.S.
schools.

Think 1992's Hurricane Andrew was bad? It spawned a ton of  news coverage and
compelling photographs. Yet in 1900, a hurricane  sent a 20-foot storm surge
over Texas' Galveston Island, killing  about 8,000 people, the deadliest natural
disaster in U.S. history.

With little or no photographic record of the Texas and China  disasters, their
magnitude is largely lost to time.

Good press helps.

Take the Trojan War, whose mythic stature is probably rooted  in a trade
conflict circa 1200 B.C. Granted, the victorious Greeks  benefited from a pretty
swell storyteller named Homer.

But can you imagine how far Achilles and his homies might have  gone with a
press agent?

Let's put it this way: Ajax would have wound up with a lot more  than just a few
marble statues and a detergent sporting his name.

Here are a few of this millennium's most over-hyped stories.  Some, such as the
legend surrounding Joan of Arc, are a result of  the myth-making that goes with
the rise of nations. Others are  pure products of the information age.

Joan of Arc

That the Maid of Orleans was a resourceful young woman who  heard voices, acted
on these visions and inspired the French  armies that were fighting the English
in 1429 is beyond dispute.  That she was some sort of 15th century cross between
Wonder Woman  and George Patton is, well, hooey.

Contrary to the legend, Joan of Arc was no military strategist.  Rather, she was
a well-meaning peasant girl who parlayed her  visions into a two-year run as a
sort of mascot and front-woman to  the Dauphin, the man who became Charles VII,
and was executed for  her troubles after she was ratted out to the English and
the  French clerics who sided with them.

Still, her efforts did make her a Catholic saint, the national  heroine of
France, and the subject of one of the worst movies of  1999 - accomplishments
enough for any millennium.

Columbus discovers

America

This 'fact' was hyped for centuries. It's one thing to tout a  story based on
lack of information. After all, archaelogical proof  that the Vikings visited
North America 500 years before a certain  sailor was not unearthed until this
century.

But to laud Columbus as America's discoverer in the face of  the fact that he
was greeted by the New World's original  inhabitants is one of the great
head-scratchers of the Age of  Discovery.

Columbus' arrival was a huge event, because he effectively did  discover the New
World for the nations of Europe. That changed  history - and Western thinking -
as profoundly as any event.

What tends to get overlooked about Columbus' first voyage is  his extraordinary
feat of seamanship and navigation. That was his  real achievement.

The prophecies

of Nostradamus

To hear his credulous champions tell it, this 16th century  French astrologer
predicted everything from the rise of Hitler to  the moon landing. But if you
take a hard look at those prophecies,  which tend to be nebulous and lacking in
detail, it becomes clear  that with enough vagueness, anyone can come off
looking like a  soothsayer for the ages.

Besides, if this guy was any shakes as a seer, wouldn't he  have said something
about the Broncos going in the tank this  season?

The Alamo

A bunch of toughs, ambitious politicians and bored dirt farmers  hole up in a
crumbling San Antonio mission and decide to slug it  out with a Mexican Army
that outnumbers them by about 50 to 1. The  whole thing is just too Texas for
words. A tactical disaster - all  120 defenders died in the fight or were
slaughtered in the  aftermath - the event was instantly mythologized, neatly
overlooking the fact that many of the dead were dubious  adventurers with
decidedly mixed motives.

Stanley and Livingston

Ah, now we're getting into some meaty media territory. David  Livingston was a
Scottish explorer in Africa, who, after a series  of triumphs (the discovery of
the Zambezi River and Victoria  Falls), set out in 1866 to find the source of
the Nile. Satellite  communication in the 19th century wasn't what it is today,
and he  effectively dropped out of sight.

In 1871, the New York Herald-Examiner sent Sir Henry Morton  Stanley in search
of Livingston, not because it was such a  heart-pounding mystery, but because
they knew it would make  terrific copy.

Indeed it did. Stanley's greeting - 'Dr. Livingston, I  presume?' - became
immortal. So did the story of his trip, which  was, by and large, a routine
journey by a reporter with a great  expense account.

Lucky Lindbergh

Aviator Charles A. Lindbergh pulled off an epic bit of flying  when he made the
first solo, nonstop trans-Atlantic flight in  1927. But in hindsight the hoopla
surrounding the trip in The  Spirit of St. Louis seems hard to fathom.

Aviation technology was mushrooming at an astonishing pace;  Chuck Yeager broke
the sound barrier in a jet a mere 20 years  later. Lindbergh's flight was a
major act of faith and will on his  part, but you find yourself thinking:
Someone had to do it, and it  was inevitable that it was going to happen soon.
Unlike, say, the  voyages of seagoing discovery.

The Hindenburg disaster

Testimony to the power of the moving picture and the radio  broadcast, this
accident would not have seared itself in the  popular imagination if not for the
footage of the dirigible going  down in flames - over and over and over again.

In a way, the Hindenburg disaster was the precursor to  today's TV newscasts, in
which a one-car fatality becomes the lead  story simply because the station has
dramatic footage of the  crushed vehicle.

Star Wars Episode 1:

The Phantom Menace

Was anyone on Spaceship Earth spared the relentless promotion of  the fourth
Star Wars installment in the spring of 1999? We didn't  think so.

For all the hoopla surrounding the movie, not to mention the  acquiescence of
print and electronic media feeding at George  Lucas's trough, two facts remain:
The movie was almost painful to  watch and, by July, Jar-Jar Binks dolls were
selling for  half-price in toy store remainder bins.

The New Millennium

The weird thing is, no one can even agree when the thing  actually arrives.

What you can't argue about is that for a couple of billion  people on the
planet, the Chinese among them, the year 2000  doesn't really mean anything, as
long as their computers don't  fail and they can still get good seats to Neil
Diamond's New  Year's Eve concert at the Pepsi Center.


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Denver Post photo illustration by Peter Pauley

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       July 1, 1998 Wednesday 2D EDITION

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 1076 words

CASH OR NO EPIDURAL  Whither charity?

Your June 16 editorial "Greed amid labor pains" hit a very tender spot. The
doctor's venality, if she did not give a caudal anesthetic, is unacceptable and
you phrased it well.

Having been in medicine over 50 years, I am ashamed that there are physicians of
such ilk. Our oath, ethics and a sense of humanity dictate that the bottom line
of medicine is kindness and patient care. When I started practice, charity was
not a dirty word, and most of us volunteered a day a week in the County
Hospital, at no charge.

Today "charity" is a politically incorrect term, but many doctors, I am sure,
are donating "charity" time under the guise of Medicaid, which does not pay for
office overhead. No thanks is given for this kindness. ALEX WEISSKOPF, M.D.
Golden Judgment awaits

Re: "Mom's choice: Deliver cash, or bear pain" (June 15 news story), in which
the anesthesiologiest with a chunk of ice for a heart denied Ozzie Chavez an
epidural block because Ms. Chavez didn't have $ 400.

What will she say on Judgment Day, when Jesus asks her, "Why did you let my
children suffer?" She should think about that instead of her wallet. MELINDA
BRINDLEY Denver  Courageous vote


All Republican candidates nationwide should rejoice in the defeat of the McCain
tax-and-spend tobacco bill. I have never voted consistently for either party
over the years, but anyone who can stand up to the anti-tobacco zealots, the
Democratic bleeding heart party, President Bill "I didn't inhale" Clinton, and
their social engineering buddies has my vote for life. TONIA Y. YOUNG Denver
DEFEAT OF TOBACCO BILL Smokers by choice

I sincerely hope our members of Congress will take a lesson from their stalwart
brethren in the U.S. Senate and not try to cure all the world's ills in one
tobacco bill. If the point is to keep minors from smoking, address that issue
and leave all that other stuff to another time and proposal. I would like to
commend Sens. Campbell and Allard for sticking to their guns on this issue and
voting to kill the McCain tobacco tax bill. It wasn't fair to smokers, certainly
contained many provisions that are unconstitutional, and was going to cause
unnecessary hardships on any number of innocents, including farmers, small
business people and adults who smoke out of choice. KEITH GRIESHABER Boulder
Taxing process


I find it interesting that the Republican Congress passed a bill to abolish the
tax code without a suitable replacement. They claim they want to simplify the
tax code (after they increased it by more than 800 pages last year), but they
are willing to wait until after three elections in the House of Representatives
to do so. What are they waiting for? Do they not have any ideas on how to reform
the tax code, or are they just posturing on an issue for this November and have
no intention on simplifying our tax laws? TOM SMITH Aurora In a field of
imports, don't forget the home-grown candidates


As a footnote to the June 14 article about the lack of homegrown candidates for
governor and U.S. senate ("Candidates reflect Colo. population: transplants"),
let us not forget that Colorado has produced a bumper crop of natives running
for other statewide offices.

Bernie Buescher's family has been in Colorado since the turn of the century.
Originally sugar beet farmers, they have been running family owned businesses in
Grand Junction since the 1930s.

Others, such as Ken Salazar, have even deeper roots. Ken's family, in Colorado
for 150 years, was among the settlers of the San Luis Valley. Both are great
examples of the talent this state can produce.

Certainly our roots help us to appreciate what it means to serve this great
state.

Having lived here 50 years, we've become extremely familiar and sensitive to the
issues. But ancestry should not be the main requirement for office. Leadership,
intelligence and decision-making are still at the top of our list.
Out-of-towners may not have been born here, but they were smart enough to move
here.

As State Treasurer candidate Jim Polsfut says, "I want to serve the state that
raised me." BERNIE BUESCHER KEN SALAZAR The writers are the Democratic
candidates for lieutenant governor and attorney general, respectively. 'DENVER'
SIGN City bamboozled

Sure, that's what I want to be remembered for, a 40-foot sign saying "DENVER"
("Skyline to say 'Denver,"' June 19). Here's another great example of a
California developer coming to Denver to tell us what we really want.
Entertainment Development Group has bamboozled city officials into believing
that a 40-foot-high sign, which you can't see except from a blimp or outer
space, will really set Denver apart. No one else is stupid enough to buy that
scam. JAY JONES Denver Not art, not needed

So Denver requires a 40-foot-high, $ 1,600,000 sign to assure tourists and
residents that they are indeed in Downtown Denver? I don't think so. Las Vegas,
maybe; Hollywood, surely. But for the Mile High City, which from a distance
appears as a skillful giant's handiwork of building blocks set gracefully
against the magnificent backdrop of the Rocky mountains, a garish, if "artfully"
lighted sign proclaiming the city's existence is an abomination.

Brilliantly hued sunsets back-lighting the city's skyline do the job quite
effectively, thank you. The same might be said for daybreak's reflective
lighting effects on purple ranges beyond the shimmering windows of the city.

The bottom line appears to be money, as in funding. A monstrous sign alone does
not fulfill the public art contribution required of the Denver Pavilions as it
is receiving funding from the urban renewal authority. So a ridiculously
expensive state-of-the-art lighting system is added: Voila - ART! (Does any of
this remind the reader of another state-of-the-art system? Clue: DIA.) Surely a
sculpture garden of western art, an innovatively exciting playground for
youngsters, anything befitting a Western city in an environment unmatched for
natural beauty would have been more appropriate. DOROTHY CARR DITTMAR Denver Bad
expenditure

"Grace" - I don't think so! Appalling would be a better adjective. Why does
Denver need such a sign? We know Denver is there. We can see the mountains, and
they are DENVER.

I wonder why the Denver Urban Renewal Authority would want to spend its money on
a sign. There has to be a greater need elsewhere for funds, perhaps to help
people. JOANNE CASEY Denver

LOAD-DATE: July 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 8, 1995, Wednesday, City Edition

Improving our system of child support

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 1831 words



Re: When children pay, Feb. 26.

I am a single parent with three children. My story, like everyone else's:  my
ex-husband owes $ 35,000. He wouldn't even pay the $ 20 per week per child.  How
much lower can it get?

I find it absolutely hilarious that we actually keep hoping these parents  will
pay. I don't know how many times I heard, "You're not getting my  money!" I even
know an affluent St. Petersburg businessman who never paid  support for his
now-adult children.

Taking away driver's licenses does not work; they drive anyway. Income
withholding orders are as useless; they quit jobs and work "under the  table,"
do not file taxes, etc. Putting them in jail under certain  restrictions is also
counterproductive when this time can be used to work a  second job, or as
visitation time to help the kids feel loved and wanted.

I think the one true way to ensure these kids are given half a chance of  not
living completely in poverty and to open the eyes of a few nonpaying  parents is
to give these children of deadbeat parents the benefits of a  deceased parent.
Let the children collect Social Security benefits. When the  nonpaying parent
reaches Social Security age the account would be closed and  noted "used by
children."

When there are no benefits to collect in the nonpaying parent's retirement
years Well, I hope they were able to save enough money or, perhaps, they could
ask the children they did not support for financial help!

If this happened our welfare rolls would move from a lot of women/children  to a
lot of old men! That is who deserves the lifestyle of welfare; single
women/children are criticized and socially looked down upon, when all it would
take was for nonpaying parents to hold up to their responsibility.

Janis Tunis, Pinellas Park

Report appreciated

      Bravo to the well-written article in the Feb. 26 St. Petersburg Times,
When children pay. Thanks for educating the public on how unreliable our
taxpayer-financed child support system is. Not only is it a shame that  absentee
parents sacrifice little for the children they helped bring into this  world,
but it is also amazing what they will do to avoid their parental  obligation and
get away with it. I don't understand how parents could do this  to their
children.

Thanks again for bringing this to the public's attention and, as the  article
puts so well, the only ones who suffer are the children!

Barbara Campana, St. Petersburg

   Thank you for your recent article on child support. I hope this opens some
eyes and in the future there will be changes in the system that will benefit
the children.

Charlotte Petrey, St. Petersburg

A gender-biased system

      Re: When Children pay, by Marlene Sokol, Feb. 26.

HuhFour-million Pinellas County taxpayer dollars spent on child support
enforcement? This money was spent in order to extract money from a
non-custodial parent who, presumably, has the financial resources to support
his child(ren) and give it to the other parent who, presumably, needs it.

Never mind that the state (via an unpublished, convoluted formula) has  replaced
the parents in the decision of what a child "needs" in terms of  financial
support. Never mind that the recipient of the funds is absolutely  unaccountable
for the funds she receives for the benefit of the kids, many  times treating the
payments as a personal allowance. Never mind that the  majority of non-compliant
fathers are those whose self-righteous ex-partners  have denied them "parental
contact" with their children, a problem which Ms.  Sokol does not seem to think
is as significant or impacts children as much as  "financial contact."

If financial support is not being paid, it is not because the judges and  their
support officers are too lax or uncaring. Maybe it's because 85 percent  of
non-custodial parents are men - fathers - who are obligated (legally and
morally) to help support our kids but have been financially and mentally
bankrupted by an unfair, gender-biased system.

  Perhaps the citizens of Pinellas County and their pocketbooks would be  better
served if they demanded that our politicians draft more equitable laws  - laws
which should include a visitational enforcement policy that is as  tenacious as
the financial support laws. How much of that $ 4-million went to  make sure that
fathers get to see their kids?

To quote Martha Burk, political psychologist and president of the Center  for
Advancement of Public Policy in Washington, D.C.: "As a society, we  cannot
attack men for abandoning obligations to their children without also
recognizing that both our court system and our culture contribute to that
outcome for too many divorced families."

Larry L. Galantis, founder, Fathers for

Fairness in Family Law, St. Pete Beach

For shared custody

      Our family court system considers equitable distribution to be "She  gets
the kids, he gets the bills." Our society is seeking to make men  disposable.
Even today in 1995, the great majority of child custody is  automatically
awarded to mothers.

The courts are literally telling fathers that we are not good enough to  raise
our own children but are only good enough to foot the bills. No one is
listening to the fathers' side of the issue. While mothers are assured of  their
custodial rights to their children, fathers are deprived of theirs.

If the system were truly fair, it would grant equitable joint custody of  the
children to both parents. If the system were fair, it would insist that  both
parents financially share in the expenses of the children, and the parent  who
makes the larger income would simply pay the larger percentage of the  needs,
medical bills and personal expenses of the child/children.

George Starkes, president, Tampa Bay

Men's Association, St. Petersburg

      Who is responsible for decline of the family in America?

People like the Feb. 18 letter writer from Largo do not understand that
divorced fathers are not the only parties responsible for failure of their
family. It is the legal system which gives women unfair advantage in divorce
proceedings.

The best way to preserve the family would be to start giving fathers  custody of
the children more equally, and lower guidelines for child support.

Mark Godlewski, Clearwater

      Re: The system has been wronged (letter to the editor, Feb. 18).

The letter writer is obviously a very blameless individual. It would seem  every
"you" and "your" is responsible. I very much agree with the  perspective given
in the Deadbeat or beat dead letter (Feb. 10). Let us be  responsible by making
us both custodial parents of our children. God gave the  children to both
parents, and no court should have the right to take that away  from any wanting
parent, be it mother or father.

Shared custody would eliminate the child support problem and provide a more
psychologically stable environment for the child. Any parent who really loves
his or her child would do whatever is necessary to accommodate shared custody.

M. Arnold, Oldsmar

Beyond a legal obligation

   Re: For better child support (letter to the editor, Feb. 21).

Hats off to Carol Dempsey for stating the many realities of a custodial
parent's judicial nightmare regarding nonpayment of child support obligations.

Many "deadbeat" mothers and fathers actually have the support of the  judicial
system, attorneys and state agencies, and are well advised on how to  use the
system to their advantage.

Child support has become, in our society, a strictly legal obligation. Not  one
person, agency or judicial court observes child support as being a moral,
ethical or parental issue. I am tired of hearing the courts state "in the  best
interest of the child," while at the same time they oppose any method of
serving the best interest of the child.

The best interest of the child is to be served by making sure their  environment
does not hinge on the selfishness of the noncustodial parent. For  instance, a
mother who refuses to pay child support, gets remarried and is  provided for by
her new husband, stops working and, therefore, is in arrears,  but not in
contempt. The new husband's income cannot be taken into  consideration when
attempting to collect on the arrearages. In this case, many  "deadbeat" mothers
or fathers may take part-time or lesser-paying jobs and  seek to reduce child
support payments. The fact that the parent is provided  for does not change the
needs of the child. Why should the support be  decreased?

Why is it so hard for noncustodial parents to understand that regardless of
what is going on in their life, their children still have to have food,
shelter, clothing, medical care and many other necessities? When are grown
adults going to start putting their children first?

When is the judicial system going to wake up and enforce the child support
orders that they impose?

Why can't the child support office alert the courts when there is a  consistent
pattern of nonpayment on an account and the court sign an order for  the proper
authority, agency or enforcement persons to immediately take action  against the
nonpaying parent, no ifs, ands or buts, and have long-arm  jurisdiction to every
state in the union? Work out the details of nonpayment  afterward, but get the
child support going - these children need it.

Debra R. Nelson, Clearwater

An unthinkable accident

   Re: Mr. Willie King.

I was a three-year, strictly trained hospital nurse and then a registered  nurse
for 43 years. In my day the operating room scrub nurse (student) went  out into
the rooms to prepare the surgery patients for the day.

We thoroughly cleansed the site to be operated on, and then applied sterile
towels. The scrub nurse then went back into the operating room to scrub up and
stood by the surgeon to assist him with the operation. The supervisor was
always present.

A question: If the right foot and leg were already wrapped, why the  operation
on the left foot and ankle?

Nursing is certainly not like it was in my day. Accidents like that would  never
have happened.

My sincere sympathies are with Mr. King and his family. He sounds like an  ideal
patient. May the good Lord bless him.

Laura M. Vogel, R.N. (Retired), St. Petersburg

Share your opinions

   Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, 33731. Or they can be sent by facsimile machine by
calling the Times' fax number: 893-8675. They should be brief and must include
the handwritten signature and address of the writer.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be printed.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, DON ADDIS; SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM: A child
eating the "CONTRACT WITH AMERICA" document and using "Newt's 57 Venalities"
sauce.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              155 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 22, 1993 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Q&A: CARL HIAASEN'S TWISTED TROPICAL TALES

BYLINE: By SCOTT EYMAN Palm Beach Post Books Editor

SECTION: ACCENT; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1411 words


Well, finally. Carl Hiaasen can't honestly be accused of being Florida's
best-kept secret - as a columnist for The Miami Herald, he automatically has a
high profile - but the Big Time has arrived with a resounding thunder of drums.

Strip Tease, Hiaasen's latest novel, has launched him into the realm of Big-Time
Commercial Authors, a brand-name in the making. Strip Tease is now hovering in
the middle of best-seller lists across the country.

Hiaasen has used his newspaper column as a bully pulpit to excoriate rapacious
developers, corrupt politicians and Cuban-Americans who periodically try to
convert Miami into a glorified banana republic. Hiaasen's novels echo many of
the concerns that animate his columns, but with a wild, antic humor lightening
the load of outrage.

Hiaasen novels like 1986's Tourist Season - eerily prescient about the
shooting-gallery targeting of tourists - Native Tongue and Skin Tight, along
with some of Elmore Leonard's novels, created a genre of grotesque Florida
thrillers that have spawned at least a dozen imitators.

As with his past novels, in Strip Tease Hiaasen takes one decent, empathetic
human being and throws this person into a cartoon stew of relentless venality
and incompetence as exemplified by every other character in the cast. In Strip
Tease, that human being is Erin Grant, a beleaguered exotic dancer working at
the Eager Beaver club.

Caught on a brief hiatus in a nationwide promotional tour, the gangly, likable
Hiaasen talked about his ambitions as a novelist, his feelings about success,
and the ambivalence incumbent in juggling dual careers.

Why has Strip Tease broken through to the big time? Is it the book itself or the
marketing?

Honestly, I was happy with the way it was. The paperback of Native Tongue did
very well and that helped. A best seller in paperback broadens the audience for
the next hardcover. And the marketing has been very shrewd. These are smart
people, and they know how to sell a book. I'm a piece of luggage; I just get
shipped from city to city.

As far as the book itself, I didn't do anything different than I did before.
They are all funny, twisted tales. You always hope that the level of writing and
characterizations improve with each book, but I don't see any differences. Each
of my books did better than the previous one; you build up an audience.

How did the research process, spending time with strip club dancers, alter the
characterization of Erin?

I was on track when I started, but I didn't have enough. I wanted to start with
single mothers that were raising a kid or two by themselves. That's hard for me
to relate to; I got a much better feel for that by spending time with the girls.
I ended up writing more on her relationship with her kids than I had planned to.
The women that work the night shift would rather be home. And during the day,
they're pretty worn out and tired. The kids don't know what their Mom does; they
tell them they're waiting on tables or bartending.

Was the idea of doing a woman character from her point of view daunting?

Yeah. I always try to do something a little different; it's not fun if you jump
through the same hoop every time. I wanted a woman that people would care about.
I wanted a character that would think her way out of trouble.

From the point of view of a male writer, that limits you, because the
traditional character is a Travis McGee or Spenser. Erin has a whole new layer
of sensibility. She's a woman with a child. Sure, she has a gun, but the one
time she uses it, she can't hit anything. I wanted someone who would be shaking
when she held a gun, and that's tough.

What have you learned from (Knopf editor in chief) Sonny Mehta, who personally
edited the book?

He gives writers a tremendous amount of encouragement to go out on a limb and
take a chance. Most publishers want a formula, something they know is going to
work, but Sonny taught me it's important to have an open mind about what you can
and cannot do.

He gives you enough rope, enough leash, and that's encouraging for a writer to
hear. It takes some of the pressure off, and it tells you that money is not the
only thing he's interested in. He wants you to develop, and that means a lot.

Do you write from character or from plot?

I write from characters and build the plot around the characters. I'm pretty
certain of the players before I start, but I'm not at all certain of the story.

For all your anger at developers and politicians and despoilers of the
environment, where would you be as a novelist or columnist without the material
they give you?

Writing like this really started out as a way to cope, a way to vent a lot of
anger through satire, which is a terribly effective weapon.

It's a very selfish weapon, a forum, a very personal and narrow one. And all of
a sudden you're making money off it, and you think well, s---. If I could turn
back the clock 30 years and we weren't having these problems, I could be very
happy writing for a newspaper, forsaking all the publicity and the books. I'd be
writing different kinds of novels. Honestly, it's more therapy than anything
else.

Where do you go when you need to experience that old Florida you obviously pine
for?

Down to the Keys. I have a stilt house around Islamorada, and I get out on the
boat and get as far away as I can, where the weekend boaters can't go without a
chart, so you minimize the chances of running into the weekend Miller crowd.

The last people I want to spend time with are authors; all you can learn about
is their last deal, and they're very competitive. I don't feel that heat; maybe
I should, but I don't. Right now I'm getting tons of galleys; every book set in
Florida gets sent to me. Ninety-nine percent of them I don't read. I don't have
time, and besides, I don't want to read about Florida. I write about Florida.

If you didn't live here, where would you live?

There isn't a day that goes by when I don't say, `This is a lost cause; why am I
staying?' Then I ask myself, `Where do I want to go?' I looked at property in
Missoula, Montana, but nine months of the year it's too damn cold for me.
Anything under 60 degrees and I'm into hypothermia. I wear flannel shirts when I
fish in Missoula in the summer.

Maybe the Bahamas. In my worst, desperate moments, I've thought about that. But
a lot of the energy for the books comes out of working at the paper. Once you
get out of that current, it could be tough.

Are you writing exactly what you want to write, or do you have ambitions to
tackle Stendhal on his own turf?

I've never tried to pass off what I do as great literature. The writer's worst
mistake is not recognizing his limitations and recognizing what he does best. I
like to make people laugh; it's primarily a job of entertainment, which is the
first duty of every writer, whether it's the newspaper business or a novel. If
you lose them on the second paragraph, or the second page, you have failed in
your job. It doesn't have to be Tolstoy or Styron.

Part of the way I write is inevitable; you learn to write fast in the newspaper
business. It's reactive, fast-paced, so the pace of the fiction you write is
going to be fast, too. I can't write some lyrical, contemplative novel set in a
Vermont farmhouse. I wouldn't know where to start.

Fellow Herald columnist Dave Barry has a TV show; Edna Buchanan (former Herald
police reporter) is going to get one. If there was to be a show based on your
books and life, who would you want to play you?

I was joking about that with Dave; I told him I didn't need Harry Anderson, I
needed Harry Dean Stanton playing me.

Do you plan to continue with journalism?

Yeah, as long as I can. It's hard to juggle; I don't want to cheat the columns,
I don't want to cheat the books. I thought it would get easier the older I get,
but it gets harder. I don't know if I can keep up the column much longer. It
gets more and more consuming, and the stakes get higher with the books.

Yet, the truth is that the column is more important. The books give me
satisfaction, but the columns have immediate impact. On the other hand, the
books stay around for years. There's a trade-off there, but there are so many
things that p--me off; I don't want to have to wait 18 months to put it in a
book.

On the other hand, I don't want to turn into an old newsroom curmudgeon writing
about traffic lights that don't work and dogs that chew up the flower bed. If I
start doing that, throw a noose around me and drag me away; that's not what
newspapers do best.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Photo by RICHARD GRAULICH Carl Hiaasen, author of Strip Tease, on writing:
'It's primarily a job of entertainment, which is the first duty of every
writer....'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          December 18, 1975, Thursday

SECTION: Page 3, Column 1

LENGTH: 78 words

J M Markham article on life in Lebanon; says there is kind of half-life of
violence, anarchy, venality and medieval hatreds in which 5,000 have been killed
in 8 mos and many thousands more wounded; describes stumbling upon roadblock in
Christian town of Damour; foreign press corps has many Indochina veterans;
Holger Jensen (AP), William Marmon (Time magazine) and Michael Parks (Baltimore
Sun) compare fighting in Vietnam with current situation in Lebanon; illus (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1975 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              157 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 21, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Washington Talk: Congress;
Members' Conduct May Be in Line but Out of Step

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. HERSHEY Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1144 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 20


The United States Congress appears increasingly beset by incidents of dubious
ethical conduct that threaten to diminish its public stature, despite a dizzying
array of self-imposed rules, some so detailed as to specify the maximum size of
a lawmaker's picture in a franked newsletter.

Impelled largely by the ballooning costs of political campaigns, Congress has
become a place where lobbyists contribute after Election Day to winners they had
earlier opposed, where incumbents maintain permanent war chests to frighten off
potential challengers and where members' votes match their contributors'
interests with amazingly high frequency.

It's almost never clear, however, that a member has voted a given way merely as
a result of contributions; it is probably a matter of political action
committees and other contributors gravitating toward people with whom they
agree.

System Called 'Out of Hand'

Questionable practices of members of Congress have been given fresh attention as
a result of the recent decision by the House ethics committee to investigate
half a dozen charges made against Jim Wright of Texas, the Speaker.

A number of legislators and their staff aides, lobbyists and others familiar
with the workings of Congress suggest that while clear-cut venality is rare,
something has gone wrong to make members behave in ways that are out of step
with much of the rest of the Government, albeit generally within the letter of
the rules.

''The system has gotten out of hand,'' asserted Richard S. Schweiker, a former
member of the House and Senate from Pennsylvania, referring particularly to the
demands of fund raising. Mr. Schweiker, who was also President Reagan's first
Secretary of Health and Human Services, now heads the American Council for Life
Insurance, a trade association. He said that when he was in Congress in the
1970's, perhaps 15 percent of his time was devoted to raising money but that it
was now not uncommon for members of Congress to spend 75 percent of their time
this way because the pressures to build a campaign chest are so great.

Philip M. Stern, a former Capitol Hill aide and author of the new book ''The
Best Congress Money Can Buy,'' published by Pantheon Books, said the institution
was permeated by ''legalized corruption'' involving honorariums and appearance
fees as well as the probably more odious effects of PAC's.

Some find it hypocritical for Congress to exempt itself from regulations it
imposes on others, like the special prosecutor law, while demanding higher
ethical standards of the judiciary and the executive branches.

'Influence Peddling Is Wrong'

In this milieu, it is perhaps not surprising that upon taking over as head of
the Senate Finance Committee in January 1987, Lloyd Bentsen of Texas formed what
he called a Chairman's Council of lobbyists with whom he proposed to meet over
monthly breakfasts for a price of $10,000.

''Influence peddling is wrong - and that's what that was,'' Representative Beau
Boulter, a Republican now seeking Mr. Bentsen's seat, charged last week. After
news accounts of the breakfast group, Mr. Bentsen abandoned the idea as a
mistake in judgment.

Even such punctilious members as Senator Paul Simon, who favors public financing
of Congressional campaigns, are not above admitting being swayed, however
harmlessly, by cash contributions. Addressing a church group here earlier this
month, the Illinois Democrat recounted how, while on the Presidential campaign
trail, he would return to his hotel room at midnight to find 20 phone messages -
19 from strangers and one from a known supporter.

''Which call,'' he asked rhetorically, ''do you think I returned?''

Quite apart from how visibly obsessive fund raising erodes public confidence in
the equity of the political system, some analysts maintain that lawmaking itself
has been made more difficult.

PAC's as Benefactors

According to Mr. Stern, the ''influence-buying motive'' of PAC's is often highly
transparent. Mr. Stern cites as an example Representative Charles B. Rangel,
Democrat of Manhattan. Even though Mr. Rangel has won an average of 96 percent
of the votes in his Harlem district in recent elections, he collected a third of
a million dollars in PAC contributions in the 1986 election, apparently for the
simple reason that he had become the fourth-ranking Democrat on the tax-writing
Ways and Means Committee and the most sweeping tax overhaul in history was on
the agenda.

In response, Richard A. Brown, the Rangel campaign treasurer, said in a
telephone interview today that he thought Mr. Stern's figures were too high and
that while the general election was a foregone conclusion, the problem was
financing a possible primary. ''There isn't a year that goes by that a primary
is not rumored,'' Mr. Brown said.

A collateral effect of PAC money, Mr. Stern maintains, is that it tends to add
to the already huge advantages of incumbency; two years ago, in races in which
members of Congress sought re-election, PAC's gave the incumbent 88 percent of
their financial support, with only 12 percent going to challengers.

Another beneficiary of PAC funds in the 1986 election was Senator Bob Packwood,
Republican of Oregon. The Senator, who was then the head of the Finance
Committee, received $170,000 collected by a life insurance industry PAC.

Questions Over Honorariums

Another area of questionable behavior is honorariums - fees for speeches or
other appearances. Senators may keep an amount each year equal to 40 percent of
their salary, or about $35,000; Representatives may keep 30 percent, or about
$25,900 for most. Although proper on its face, speechmaking often yields
additional perquisites, like travel expenses for families accompanying the
member to a resort hotel.

One example of how members appear to have played fast and loose with at least
the spirit of the honorarium rules involves an Army contract for ammunition
trucks made by the Oshkosh Truck Corporation.

The Dallas Morning News reported earlier this month that the Wisconsin company
paid seven members of the House Armed Services Committee $2,000 each to attend
an April 1987 breakfast just before a vote on a bill forcing the Army to buy 500
more Oshkosh trucks than it wanted. A vice president of the company, V. P.
Grove, discounted the timing of the breakfast and said the company was
interested only in ''future procurement policy.''

Mr. Schweiker, who himself oversees a ''modest'' PAC, maintains that many of the
fund-raising abuses arise from judicial decisions barring spending limits for
Congressional races. He said the system needs to be changed to remove primacy
from interest groups and return it to the private citizen.

No matter how much an individual gives, Mr. Schweiker observed, ''the most
you're going to get hit for is two tickets to the inauguration.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Representative Beau Boulter (Stan Barough); Senator Lloyd
Bentsen (AP); former Senator Richard S. Schweiker (AP)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              158 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             March 25, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

DN Editorial: TRIANGLE FIRE: COMING FULL CIRCLE?

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 541 words


OVER THE DECADES, the annual commemoration of the Triangle Shirtwaist factory
fire has provided an opportunity to look back from our enlightened time to
marvel at the venality of the factory owners whose greed and indifference led to
the horrific deaths of 146 people, most of them immigrant women and girls.

But on today's 100th anniversary of the fire, here's what's stunning: How many
of the discredited notions that contributed to the tragedy - extreme
individualism, rejection of government regulation and fear of union "socialism"
- are making a comeback.

The Triangle Shirtwaist (blouse) factory was on the four top floors of a
"modern" 10-story "skyscraper" in Manhattan. Near quitting time on March 25,
1911, fire broke out on the eighth floor. Fueled by piles of paper patterns and
fabric, it burned out of control in minutes, trapping 200 workers on the ninth
floor.

Firefighters were helpless to rescue them because their ladders reached to only
the sixth floor. And one of the two exit doors had been locked so workers could
be searched to prevent employee pilfering. About 90 of the victims died not from
the fire but from falls when a fire escape collapsed. And many jumped to their
deaths.

Available technology like sprinkler systems, fire walls and well-built fire
escapes could have prevented the fire or limited its scope, but such safety
measures weren't required by law, so they weren't installed.

It's not as if the workers didn't try to change things. In 1909, 10,000 garment
workers, most of them women, struck for better conditions. They endured savage
beatings by police as New York's corrupt political machine, Tammany Hall, showed
whose side it was on. In an HBO documentary on the fire this week, a descendant
of onetime Tammany functionary (and eventual reformer, Gov. Al Smith) put it
this way: "They looked out for the people giving them the money."

Besides, factory owners believed that their factories were strictly private
property and that any attempt to impose safety regulations represented an attack
on the liberty of the people who drive the economy. Sound familiar? So there
were no safety regulations, no minimum-wage law, no prohibition of child labor -
until 146 people died.

Quickly acquitted of manslaughter charges by an all-male jury, the two owners
actually made $60,000 in insurance money. But the horror touched the conscience
of ordinary people, who forced a turning point in labor rights and workplace
safety.

Many people assumed there was no going back. Yet the current campaign against
collective-bargaining rights of public workers in several states sure looks like
a step in that direction. (And U.S. House Republicans recently introduced
legislation that would cut off food stamps to an entire family if one of its
members is on strike.)

Today, the memorial at the Triangle building, which still stands, will include
the reading of each victim's name as a bell is rung. But this anniversary should
also provide a refresher course on what happens when the workplace balance of
power tips too far in one direction. We may not see a return to the horrific
conditions of those garment workers, but we are on our way back to a time when
government "looked out for the people giving them the money." *


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           December 27, 2007 Thursday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 789 words


In this season of giving, of caring for your fellow man, let me lift a glass to
the government of the District of Columbia, which, through a combination of
venality and incompetence, has enabled so many people to become richer - much,
much richer - than you, dear reader, can possibly imagine. In Washington,
Santa's not just profligate. He's been on a bender.

For those of you reading this by the dim glow of a yule log, do not for a moment
think that I am referring to the U.S. government, what with its congressional
earmarks for bridges to nowhere and inability to account for gazillions spent in
Iraq, not to mention the decision to go to war itself.

No, I am referring to the government of the city, the municipality, the hamlet
nestled on the historic Potomac. Incredibly, one woman alone masterminded a
scheme in which she and others allegedly stole at least $20 million from the
city - and the city never noticed.

Move over, Illinois. Eat your heart out, Maryland. Doff your cap, New York. Have
some respect, New Jersey, or, for that matter, Louisiana, a state long admired
for its political corruption. That sort of stuff is old-fashioned. In all those
places, it's the politicians who steal from the people. In Washington, it's the
people who steal from the people.

Take the scheme that withdrew millions upon millions from the city's coffers.
Not a politician involved. Instead, those accused are all bureaucrats and their
alleged accessories - prominently, a mid-level manager in the Office of Tax and
Revenue. All they did was allegedly issue tax refunds to dummy corporations and
then cash the checks themselves. They had been doing this for years.

In a similar manner, an executive responsible for 17 charter schools took more
than $800,000. Others in the school system dipped into student recreation funds,
not quite taking candy from babies, just field trips and the like. Again, notice
the absence of elected officials or corrupt politicians. Why, one school
official took $30,000 from the chess club of a school for emotionally disturbed
pupils - a dark chapter not even Dickens could envisage.

The Santa Clausiness of the D.C. government is almost beyond comprehension. It
seems all you have to do is work there and money just falls into your lap. For
instance, the Post just reported on how a former principal requested a grant to
train teachers and the school system authorized $3 million in a single day. And
when she went to pick up the first $1 million, the school system just handed
over the money - no silly, fussy contract or anything like that.

The things that happen in Washington for some reason stay in Washington. They
get almost no national attention even though the town practices corruption on a
scale that compares to kleptocracies like Nigeria or kingdoms like Saudi Arabia.
In Italy, something like 20 percent of the economy is underground. In
Washington, the figure is precisely 78 percent. I made that up, but it feels
right.

As a former Maryland reporter, I write with appropriate awe. In my day,
back-to-back governors were convicted of corruption (one of them, Spiro T.
Agnew, had to resign as U.S. vice president for money that unaccountably stuck
to his fingers while governor of Maryland). A U.S. senator went to jail for
corruption and so did two county executives, the speaker of the House, a
congressman and a state senator. One legislator was flushed out of the State
House by federal marshals seeking him on business matters relating to heroin. He
was later murdered gangland style. Maryland's record, I naively thought, would
stand forever.

But now Washington has left Maryland in the dust. It is not just the Enronian
$20 million, possibly a modern-day record for municipal corruption. It's the
democratization of corruption and the sheer heartlessness of it. Am I naive?
Would any of the Maryland crooks I covered (and liked) have stolen money from
emotionally disturbed children? I don't think so. These people were soft,
unimaginative - conservative gents who embraced tradition, shunned innovation
and by and large thought a gridlock of Jaguars in the driveway was in awfully
bad taste.

Yet for all its accomplishments, Washington gets no respect. When, periodically,
the city screams for statehood, others laugh or scoff or do both. A state?
Pshaw. It's a mere city. No majestic mountains. No sandy beaches. But look
again, I say. See what this city has done, how it has taken its own wealth (and
that of others) and spread it around. Most Americans think of Washington as the
city that keeps on taking. But believe me, it's really the city that keeps on
giving.

Ho, ho, ho.

(Richard Cohen writes for the Washington Post. His syndicated column appears
Thursdays.)

D.C. excels in corruption

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 25, 2007 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

To Live and Take in D.C.

BYLINE: Richard Cohen

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 800 words


In this season of giving, of caring for your fellow man, let me lift a glass to
the government of the District of Columbia, which, through a combination of
venality and incompetence, has enabled so many people to become richer -- much,
much richer -- than you, dear reader, can possibly imagine. In Washington,
Santa's not just profligate. He's been on a bender.

For those of you reading this by the dim glow of a yule log, do not for a moment
think that I am referring to the U.S. government, what with its congressional
earmarks for bridges to nowhere and inability to account for gazillions of
dollars spent in Iraq, not to mention the decision to go to war itself.

No, I am referring to the government of the city, the municipality, the hamlet
nestled on the historic Potomac. Incredibly, one woman alone is said to have
masterminded a scheme in which she and others allegedly stole at least $20
million from the city -- and the city never noticed.

Move over, Illinois. Eat your heart out, Maryland. Doff your cap, New York. Have
some respect, New Jersey, or, for that matter, Louisiana, a state long admired
for its political corruption. That sort of stuff is old-fashioned. In all those
places, it's the politicians who steal from the people. In Washington, it's the
people who steal from the people.

Take the scheme that withdrew millions upon millions of dollars from the city's
coffers. Not a politician involved. Instead, those accused are all bureaucrats
and their alleged accessories -- prominently, a mid-level manager in the Office
of Tax and Revenue. All they did was allegedly issue tax refunds to dummy
corporations and then cash the checks themselves.  They are accused of having
done  this for years. A Post analysis said the total could be up to $44 million.

In a similar manner, an executive responsible for 17 charter schools took or
illegally steered more than $800,000. Others in the school system dipped into
student recreation funds, not quite taking candy from babies, just field trips
and the like. Again, notice the absence of elected officials or corrupt
politicians. Why, one school official took $30,000 from the chess club of a
school for emotionally disturbed pupils -- a dark chapter not even Dickens could
envisage.

The Santa Clausiness of the D.C. government is almost beyond comprehension. It
seems that all you have to do is work there and money just falls into your lap.
For instance, The Post reported just last week on how a former principal
requested a grant to train teachers and the school system authorized $3 million
in a single day. And when she went to pick up the first $1 million, the school
system just handed over the money -- no silly, fussy contract or anything like
that.

The things that happen in Washington for some reason stay in Washington. They
get almost no national attention, even though the town practices corruption on a
scale that compares to kleptocracies like Nigeria or kingdoms like Saudi Arabia.
In Italy, something like 20 percent of the economy is underground. In
Washington, the figure is precisely 78 percent. I made that up, but it feels
right.

As a former Maryland reporter, I write with appropriate awe. In my day,
back-to-back governors were convicted of corruption.  (One of them, Spiro T.
Agnew, had to resign as U.S. vice president because of money that stuck to his
fingers while he was governor of Maryland.) A U.S. senator went to jail for
corruption, and so did two county  executives, the speaker of the House, a
congressman and a state senator. One legislator was flushed out of the state
House by federal marshals seeking him on business matters relating to heroin. He
was later murdered gangland style. Maryland's record, I naively thought, would
stand forever.

But now Washington has left Maryland in the dust. It is not just the Enronian
$20 million, possibly a modern-day record for municipal corruption. It's the
democratization of corruption and the sheer heartlessness of it. Am I naive?
Would any of the Maryland crooks I covered (and liked) have stolen money from
emotionally disturbed children? I don't think so. These people were soft,
unimaginative -- conservative gents who embraced tradition, shunned innovation,
and by and large thought a gridlock of Jaguars in the driveway was in awfully
bad taste.

Yet for all its accomplishments, Washington gets no respect. When, periodically,
the city screams for statehood, others laugh or scoff or do both. A state?
Pshaw. It's a mere city. No majestic mountains. No sandy beaches. But look
again, I say. See what this city has done, how it has taken its own wealth (and
that of others) and spread it around. Most Americans think of Washington as the
city that keeps on taking. But believe me, it's really the city that keeps on
giving.

Ho, ho, ho.

cohenr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                          February 18, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

This 1930s' drama speaks to the 21st century: We now watch the struggles within
the struggle of It's All True from another troubling, even terrifying era, when
the processes of democracy have again been subverted by the wealthy.

BYLINE: Erling Friis-Baastad, Yukon News

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1240  words


The Guild's current production is a play whose time has come... again.

It's All True recounts an episode from the Dirty Thirties, when the
shortsightedness and venality of politicians and CEOs had resulted in the
widespread suffering of an international depression.

Intellectuals woke up after that wild party called The Roaring '20s to confront
big headaches: an epidemic of unemployment, homelessness, hunger and fascism.

Canadian playwright Jason Sherman's creation tells the true tale of a
government-funded theatre group in New York whose attempt to launch a play
supporting a steelworkers' strike unleashed repression from Washington, DC,
brought out the militia, and forced vulnerable artists to take political stands,
often despite their dread of having bread taken from the mouths of their
children.

We now watch the struggles within the struggle of It's All True from another
troubling, even terrifying era, when the processes of democracy have again been
subverted by the wealthy: consider the Fraser Report in Ottawa, George Bush's
lies about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, jobs leaving North America for
sweatshops overseas, and a toxic Puritanism that fears the exposure of a woman's
breast on TV -- or the love between two people of the same sex -- far more than
the daily carnage in the Middle East or the suffering on our own city streets.

This play explores the same event that was central to Tim Robbins' 1999 movie
Cradle Will Rock, with some differences.

The play takes place in the same period, but the movie tackled a broader canvas,
said It's All True's director David Petersen.

Among the many luminaries from both sides of the '30s struggle portrayed in the
movie, but missing from the play, are major political adversaries of the time
like Mexican muralist Diego Rivera and capitalist John D. Rockefeller Jr.

It's All True "sticks with the rehearsal process and the psychological aspects
of the characters -- Orson Welles, how he worked in rehearsals, how theatre was
done at that time, John Houseman and his predicament in terms of managing a
theatre... the rehearsal process, how an actual show was put together," said
Petersen.

"The movie has an axe to grind about prostitution, not real but figuratively,
how everyone has to be a prostitute to participate in the capitalist system.

"You sell yourself whether you're an artist or a banker or a preacher."

The play, however, has a more intimate touch than the famous movie. "It's very
much about relationships," producer Susie Anne Bartsch said last week.

In It's All True dynamic Bartsch plays actress Olive Stanton, the ghost of
failed writer Eva Goldbeck, and a world-savvy, if not weary, waitress.

"The play is very much about (Eva) who never gets loved the way she wants to,"
said Bartsch.

In fact, there's a plotline in this play to suit just about everybody.

Will the artists find a new venue for the production after the authorities
padlock their theatre and surround it with armed "Cossacks" on opening night?

Will Orson Welles (Jody Woodland) and his neglected wife Virginia (Mary Sloan)
salvage their marriage?

And will that super-ambitious, apolitical wonder boy become politically engaged?
Welles "is much more interested in getting his hands on a musical" and in
getting his own way, said Bartsch.

Will producer Houseman, himself a former businessman, rise to the political
occasion?

Is there any future for the love between Olive and actor Howard Da Silva (Dave
Haddock)?

While all those questions are being dramatically answered, the actors pursue
Sherman's exploration of some very weighty issues.

For instance, during the '30s as with any other era, art was often enervated
when political preaching overwhelmed beauty and sense.

During the 1930s, the Communist Party claimed a million members in the United
States.

Meanwhile, of course, Stalin was butchering his own people at home and the
communists were undermining the struggle against the fascists in Spain, killing
left-wing soldiers for displaying hints of that era's political incorrectness.

All too gradually did intellectuals follow the lead of George Orwell and accept
the sad fact that the communist movement was controlled by a gang of viciously
self-serving thugs.

That awareness did as much as right-wing repression and the carnage of the
Second World War to undermine revolutionary fervour.

Sherman's script dares to tackle the daunting question: Is art democratic?

Certainly talent and wisdom are not handed out in equal portions, so when there
is a "group" (a word Howard Da Silva tosses around all too readily until his
personal priorities are threatened), does the group take precedence over the
individual's inspired vision?

The playwright within the play, Marc Blitzstein (Joe Zucchiatti), demands there
be no compromises in pro-worker vision in his script, but he struggles with so
many personal demons that he becomes what Marxists famously despised: a
visionary incompetent.

Blitzstein, a homosexual, is tormented by the ghost of his wife Eva, who
frequently derides him for his personal failure of her, and for his lack of grit
in the struggle.

Another subplot of the play concerns the collision between the theatre and the
unions. The artists are shocked to discover that unions, which they thought they
were extolling, could make seemingly outrageous demands on little theatres.

This happened in part because unions of the day battled one another for members
and power almost as bitterly as workers and capitalists fought.

Unfortunately, Welles, Houseman and Blitzstein called their play an "opera,"
said Bartsch.

"And that caused them trouble because the music union said, 'OK, you have to
have so many musicians and this many rehearsals.'

"If it had been just a play with music it would have been dealt with very
differently."

Much '30s art was shallow and dull because it refused to accept irony,
complexity and contradiction, thus reducing the world's pain to simple
black-and-white formulae.

Sherman's script avoids such flaws. His characters win our sympathy but, at
times, repel us because they are all-too-messily human.

Thirties art also frequently failed because of its heavy sanctimony and lack of
humour. Sherman's drama suffers no such flaws.

"There are scenes where nobody gets through a full sentence. There'll be five
people on stage and the humour comes through a layering of exchanges," said
Bartsch.

She did, however, warn that parents should be aware that the play pulls few
punches when it comes to intimate exchanges.

All but one scene take place "behind the scenes" and the actors talk to one
another, or themselves, as if there were no live audience present.

Had the author or the director opted to tone down the rough language the play
would be less convincing.

It's All True is likely to be resurrected each time the struggle between labour
and capital overheats.

Beyond the timely relevance, "it's a very well-written play," said Petersen.
"You can tell when a play is well-written when the actors paraphrase and you can
immediately hear it.

"The author spent enough time working on the play so that he's chosen the right
words and if you choose any other ones" they don't fit.

Audiences can enjoy those well-chosen words at the Guild Hall until Saturday.
Tickets are available at the door and at Hougen Centre Ticket Office for $18.
Students and seniors pay $15.

A short, but interesting, interview with playwright Jason Sherman can be found
at www.loeball.com/dramaturgy/sherman.html

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: News Photo by Mike Thomas; DIRTY THIRTIES... Mary Sloan and Joe
Zucchiatti in a scene from the Guild's production of It's All True. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2004 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 12, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

Yankees Stand Tall Despite Boos, Boss

BYLINE: Thomas Boswell

SECTION: Sports; Thomas Boswell; D12

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Oct 11, 1980


It is difficult to view the New York Yankees of George Steinbrenner in terms of
fairy tale and baseball romance, yet that is the sort of rose-tinted treatment
that they deserve this season.

Were it not for Boss George's cruel and clownish plantation pranks, constantly
distracting the eye, these Yanks would be seen for what they are: an
inspirational Cinderella team that went much further than it ought and didn't
turn into a pumpkin until one minute before midnight here Friday night. d

No city is more parochial about sports than New York, more prone to apotheosize
those things close to its heart, just as the smallest town might.  The hard eyes
of the Big City view the Yankees not with calculating cynicism but with the
rawest naivete and boosterish enthusiasm.  Put on pin stripes and you are
wonderful, the best, the most expensive.  Of course, you are not allowed to
lose, not allowed to let New York down.  Ask anything -- a Rolls-Royce, a Park
Avenue penthouse.  Just don't ask for a modest, balanced evaluation of your best
efforts.  You must succeed or fail on a larger scale.

Relatively few things work smoothly here in the most unlivable city in America.
New York couples the inconvenience of Havana with a venality, violence and
vitality that is brutally unique.  The only excuse for this town is that it is a
breathing, 'round-the-clock theater where the outer skin of sociable, polite
life has been peeled back to expose all the psychic and emotional gristle and
bone that is usually only revealed by personal crisis or impersonal art.

So, when New York spies a team of its own that functions, that wins, that gives
reliable, comfortable on-field satisfactions, it hugs that club like a life
vest.  When New York teams have trouble breathing under pressure, it often seems
that the affectionate, overly tight arms of the city are one cause of the
choking -- a really Big Apple around the throat rather than it it.

This year, New York extended that big hug once more.  In its enthusiasm for a
great winner, an intimidating juggernaut of a champion, fans here often mistook
a jury-rigged, aged team in pin stripes for that club of legend -- the Yankees.

No sooner did players like Bob Watson, Eric Soderholm and Rudy May arrive in
those armored cars with Bank of Steinbrenner stenciled on the side than they
were canonized -- made larger than their skills, than their past statistics,
than any reasonable expectation of future performance.  then, a funny thing
happened, a strange phenomenon that may also be singulat to New York.  The
players believed what New York City said about them and made the town's
expectations their expectations.

It's been happening for decades, from Johnny Mize to Hector Lopez to Brian
Doyle.  It's even part of baseball myth, a sort of perverse maximum: any player
becomes better when he wears pin stripes.  The reason isn't the uniform, and it
isn't tradition, all that prattle about the monuments beyond the center field
fence.

It's the city.  This is the burg where the weak are plowed under, where the
motto is, "Don't ask, 'How do I do it?' Just get it done."

No excuses suffice here.  If the cabbie won't take you to the South Bronx at
dusk, grab him by the throat.  Suddenly, he'd love to go.  He respects you.  If
the waiter insults you, insult him back.  That makes him smile.  Then give him a
smallish tip.  That'll make him even cheerier.  "Hard guy, huh," he'll think.
"I'll get a bigger tip out of him next time.  I'll earn it."

The hard fact about the '80 Yankees is that they never were tremendously good
and still aren't.  They had no right to win 103 games.  Which means it's twice
as much to their credit that they did.  When the Yankees met a good team that
was playing well, they got smoked.  Baltimore beat them six of eight in August
and did it handily.

The Royals met the Yankees at their absolute percentage peak in July when the
teams were healthy.  In a fortnight, K.C. beat the Yanks two of three in Yankee
Stadium and two of three in Royals Stadium, running up a huge 52-23 margin of
victory.  The Royals didn't catch the Yankees in a slump.  It was the Royals who
put the Yankees into their slump -- that flat 18-21 streak when Baltimore went
from 11 back in the loss column to zero.  the cause was simple.  It shocked the
Yankees to have the Royals smash them around at will as though they were a
scarecrow club stuffed with straw.

When the Yanks came home on Aug. 28, they were worn to the nub.  But then New
Yorkers often feel that way.  New York doesn't allow quitting.  Back in Yankee
Stadium, the club gradually revived.  First, it won 10 of 11 at home.  From that
late-August nadir onward, New York was 20-4 at home and went 8-4 on the road,
playing two-thirds of its last 36 games in Yankee Stadium.

Other AL teams traditionally complain about how the Yankees always seem to get a
sweetheart late-season schedule, almost as though the league office wanted them
to stay in as many pennant races as possible just because they are by far the
strongest financial link in the league.  What else is new? t

The most fascinating question in this Yankee year -- and one that won't be
answered soon -- is whether or not the Yankee brass, particularly Steinbrenner,
knows what a magnificent season this team had.  New York won its division with a
battered team that had a dozen players with an average age of 36, with a
miserable outfield defense, with a bottom third of the batting order (Bucky
Dent, Aurelio Rodriguez and Bobby Brown) as weak as any team in the league, and
with a slumping cleanup hitter (Jackson) who didn't drive in more than one run
in any game from Aug. 15 until Oct. 1.

Two hours after the Royals had removed all doubt about which team was better in
head-to-head comb at, Yankee reliever Goose Gossage say by his locker, crying
proudly and openly as he talked.  "I let 'em all down," said this man who, more
than anyone, carried the club on his back during the 23-4 streak when a division
flag was won.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              163 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 30, 1993 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Lawyers, guns & Pollack

BYLINE: Alex McGregor

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1236 words


AFTER a rampaging gunman left a note blaming his suicidal murder spree in a San
Francisco legal firm on the venality of lawyers, the California Bar Association
called for a ban on jokes about lawyers.

Certainly the reputation of lawyers has been one of the casualties of the fast
and furious economic mood-swings of the '80s. And nobody seems to have been able
to cash in on "lawyer-bashing" better than John Grisham, the Memphis lawyer who
has made a largish fortune writing thrillers filled with members of the legal
profession, described by one literary pundit as acting "like money-grubbing
scum, drunks, womanisers and worse".

Audiences and lawyers looking for upright role models in film adaptation of
Grisham's novel, `The Firm', will find them few and far between. Nevertheless,
the film has been given the thumbs-up by the prestigious `The National Law
Review'. It probably didn't hurt that Tom Cruise plays the good lawyer trying to
right the wrongs of his associates.

Although director Sydney Pollack certainly sees his film version of `The Firm'
as a morality tale from the '80s, he stresses that was not the main attraction
or his main focus.

"First of all, I thought it was entertaining and that is the main part of my job
_ to make it entertaining more than anything else. But it is true that a lot of
the story interest comes from what happened in the '80s. It was a decade that
made us very cynical, not only about law-breakers, but also law-makers.

`The Firm' deals with a young lawyer who joins a law firm and discovers it is a
front for a money-laundering racket.

"This young man, the boy-next-door, is offered the American dream in a little
goblet. `You can have everything you want, except it is poison'," Pollack says.

"He is not careful enough, as many of us aren't. There is nothing pyrotechnical
about this. It is a straightforward thriller, but it does have this underpinning
of caution, of `look around a little bit before you grab what is being dangled
in front of you', and I think that this is very much a message that came out of
the '80s.

The tall, trim Pollack, dressed in cowboy boots and jeans, looks at ease
fielding questions thrown at him by a gaggle of journalists all trying to prod
him into revealing some deep, dark side of his work. He effectively pre-empts
any criticism of changes he has made from the original material, inevitable
given the popularity of the book (580,000 hardcover and 9.36million paperbacks
sold and still selling) by pleading guilty.

"We had to take some large liberties just to compress the 400 pages into a
manageable story. And I'm just not comfortable without a love story in a
picture. I have never been able to do a picture without a love story and if
there isn't one there, I'll make up one. I've never done a love story between a
husband and wife before, but I sort of had to do it in this case and the only
way I could do that was to create an estrangement that doesn't exist in the
book.

Pollack directed Jeanne Tripplehorn as Cruise's concerned wife in `The Firm'.

Despite the weight of his experience, Pollack can sound as neurotic and
uncertain as a first-timer when he talks about his doubts and worries about this
latest film. Particularly when it concerns Grisham.

"No writer can be totally happy when their material is changed," he says.
"Grisham was extremely supportive and friendly and came to visit the set
regularly with his family.

Anybody expecting to see a long chase and Grisham's ironic ending with lead
character Mitch McDeere putting out to sea and floating offshore, unable to land
with his bag full of money, might be disappointed.

"We became enamored of the idea of redeeming him instead of keeping him in
purgatory. I hope that it is just as satisfying," he says, showing a little more
of his uncertainty.

Casting Tom Cruise in the lead is one way of hedging your bets and keeping
audiences interested. The downside is that at press conferences there are
inevitably questions about "working with Tom".

"Talking about working with Tom Cruise is boring," is Pollack's weary reply.
"It'd be much more interesting to say that Tom Cruise is really unpredictable,
but to say that he comes to work every morning with a smile on his face, full of
energy, that he is well-prepared and can't wait to get started, that he takes
direction, waits to be directed ... that he will work until he drops ... that's
boring, but that's the truth.

One way of making sure that Cruise doesn't take over the picture is by fleshing
out the supporting cast with the likes of Gene Hackman and Holly Hunter, the
recent winner of the best actress award at Cannes for her role in Jane Campion's
film, `The Piano'. Few directors would be able to pull such thespian
heavyweights, but Pollack's status in the industry as an actor's director is a
long-standing one.

Since his first film, 1965's `The Slender Thread', Pollack has established
himself as one of the titans of the Hollywood mainstream, with a body of work
that ranges from `The Way We Were' to `Absence Of Malice', from `Three Days Of
The Condor' to `Tootsie'. His films have earned him 43 Academy Award
nominations, and he won the best director award in 1985 with that year's best
picture, `Out Of Africa'. Still, there have been less-than-stellar outings,
including his previous picture, `Havana'. For Pollack it is hard for him to tell
the difference between the good and the bad.

"I am ashamed or proud to tell you that I don't see the difference between
`Havana' and `Out Of Africa'. Everybody else might, but I didn't when I was
doing it and I don't now. Given `Havana' to make now, I would probably make it
the same way, with the same mistakes. If I knew the difference, then I would
just make terrific movies all the time and I would have the secret to life.

While the failure of `Havana' has made Pollack a little gun-shy about directing
again, he has been far from idle. He has produced such films as `The Fabulous
Baker Boys', `Presumed Innocent' and `Dead Again', and more recently he has
taken up acting _ again. Pollack's appearances in such films as `The Players'
and `Death Becomes Her', and playing the errant husband opposite Judy Davis in
Woody Allen's `Husbands And Wives' is, he says, "just for fun".

"I did the Woody Allen film because I had a part that I could really do
something with, but really because I was curious to watch how he does his magic.
Directors are a private lot. Actors get to see all of the different styles, to
make notes and compare, but we directors don't ever get to see each other
working.

"I always say, jokingly, it's like sex; you don't know if you are doing it right
_ you never get to see a lot of other people doing it, so you just assume that
you are doing the right thing. That's what happens in directing; you direct, but
you wonder how someone else does it _ how do they rehearse, what is their
method?" If there are any lawyers who feel their profession is being given a
rough deal in `The Firm', they had better thicken their hides. Two more Grisham
books are in production and neither with Tom Cruise to uphold the profession's
virtue.

In one of the films, `The Pelican Brief', his replacement as legal role-model
will be Julia Roberts playing the lawyer-knight coming to the rescue. It will be
difficult for `The National Law Review' or the Californian Bar Association to
object to that.

F `The Firm' is screening at various city and suburban cinemas.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Sydney Pollack on the set (above) and directing Tom Cruise (left)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 19, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

IN BRIEF;
Counsel in Hastings

BYLINE: By ELSA BRENNER

SECTION: Section 14WC; Page 8; Column 5; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 216 words


Hastings-on-Hudson has appointed a new village attorney, Brian Murphy, to
replace his former law partner, Robert Ponzini, who was disbarred last month for
professional misconduct.

Susan Maggiotto, deputy village manager of Hastings, said Mr. Murphy, 50, is a
partner in the newly formed firm of Murphy Stecich & Powell in Tarrytown. He was
formerly with Ponzini Spencer & Geis in Tarrytown. Mr. Murphy will be paid
$40,000 a year, like his predecessor, Ms. Maggiotto said.

Mr. Ponzini, a former Mount Pleasant town justice, and his partner, Robert
Spencer, and a former partner, Thomas Maroney, were disbarred by a five-judge
panel of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court in Brooklyn for
misconduct that included mismanaging clients' money from 1988 to 1992, according
to the rulings. Court papers said an escrow account maintained by the lawyers'
firm had been overdrawn five times.

The court acknowledged that there was no intentional corruption or venality
involved in the actions of the lawyers. Rather, they were disbarred for failing
to insure the integrity of the clients' funds.

Mr. Murphy has served as deputy village attorney for 12 years. He also worked as
village prosecutor and served as counsel to Hastings' planning and zoning
boards, Ms. Maggiotto said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              165 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Pagan's feast in the city that never stops cooking;
TRAVEL

BYLINE: Stewart Hawkins

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1234 words


September 11 didn't stop the party in NYC, where they eat like there's no
tomorrow, writes Stewart Hawkins.

On the morning of Good Friday thousands of Catholics paraded over the Brooklyn
Bridge behind an oversized crucifix, stopping at the pylons to pray. As
inaccurate as the impression might have been it was difficult not to imagine the
good, hard-working citizens of the neighbouring borough were trying to bring
Christ to Manhattan's downtown temples of venality where the godless worship
only money.

Which, of course, was utter rubbish. But on a grey, stormy day with the
skyscrapers looming ominously against the clouds and the largely silent
Christians crossing the East River, it all looked terribly biblical.

New York encourages exaggerated images these days with the ground zero site
undeveloped more than five years on - a poignant reminder that the citadel of
western liberalism is still vulnerable. Some Manhattan residents keep
panic-packs in their apartments equipped with water purification tablets, food
and emergency medical supplies just in case of disaster. But then others are
frantically trying to buy real estate at prices so high that below 125th Street
there is little chance even dual-income professional couples will ever be able
to afford a decent apartment if they're not already established in the market.

This doesn't mean the party's over though. The club and bar scene is as vibrant
as it ever was and the restaurants are equally exciting. Eating well has never
been a problem in this eclectic city of immigrants now even more so given the
desire of New Yorkers to rediscover their ethnic roots. Below are a few
suggestions for a day spent experiencing the dichotomies of New York dining.

BREAKFAST

H&H Bagels: 2239 Broadway.Ph: 212 595-8003 and 639 West 46th Street. Ph: 212
595-8000.

It's often been said New York is a Jewish town and one of the great legacies of
this is the city's obsession with the perfect bagel. In typical New York fashion
everyone has an opinion (and they're all different) but H&H Bagels on 46th
Street at 12th Avenue tops many lists and the company brags it ships products
around the world.

Murray's: 242 Eighth Avenue (between 22nd & 23rd streets).Ph: 646 638-1335 and
500 Sixth Avenue (between 12th and 13th streets). Ph: 212 462-2830.

Generously stuffed, crisp on the outside and springy on the inside, the
creations from Murray's in Chelsea are fabulous and it's worth waiting in the
20-30 deep morning queues to get your hands on one. They offer close to a dozen
different kinds of smoked salmon, onions, cream cheese and about half a dozen
varieties of bagel, including poppy seed and salt.

The Doughnut Plant: 379 Grand Street. Ph: 212 505-3700. Tuesday - Sunday from
7am until sold out.

Every cop in every New York crime story eats doughnuts on a stakeout and if they
were all like the ones Mark Isreal produces at The Doughnut Plant you could see
why. Isreal claims he uses only natural ingredients and fresh fruits and nuts in
the glazes . He also says the recipe is his grandfather's and dates back to the
early 1900s when the old guy was in the army and stationed in Kansas. He sells
retail from his lower-east side plant and has an enormous number of flavours
which he changes with the seasons, holidays and caprices. The cashew nut ones
are terrific.

LUNCH

Bread: 301 Church Street.Ph: 212 334 3272. Daily 11.30am to 5pm, Sunday -
Thursday 5.30pm to 11pm, Friday and Saturday 5.30pm to midnight.

Very cool, very minimal, Italian inspired and well suited to its Tribeca
location, Bread is a semi-casual, airy dining space with some outdoor tables and
an innovative menu. The "breads" are imaginative (capocollo with scamorza
cheese, red peppers and arugula in spicy olive oil on baguette), and are
available on the dinner menu as well. The pastas (smoked eggplant ravioli) are
about as far removed from the red-sauce ho hum which plagues many Italian
restaurants in this city as you can get. Main courses are classic rather than
trendy. The ingredients are fresh and the flavours intense. Lunch among the
lower Manhattan loft dwellers can be enlightening.

Les Halles: 15 John Street.Ph: 212 285-8585. Daily noon to midnight; and 411
Park Ave South. Ph: 212-679-4111. Daily 8am to midnight.

The restaurants of roaming TV chef Anthony Bourdain have plenty of hype attached
to them, albeit of the dress-down and we're-too-cool-to-care type. But that
doesn't seem to have affected either the quality of the food or the service. Les
Halles serves good, classic French food as it should be, without a low-fat
option in sight. The wine list is solid and the atmosphere is comfortable even
if the recreated French bistro decor is a little try-hard. The steak is very
good and the menu includes duck confit, onion soup, snails and cassoulet. It's
certainly a cut above Soho's long established Balthazar restaurant which still
manages to pack the punters in.

DINNER

Hell's Kitchen: 679 9th Avenue.Ph: 212 977-1588, Tuesday - Friday 11.30am - 3pm,
Sunday - Wednesday 5pm to 11pm, Thursday - Saturday 5pm to Midnight.

This appropriately named restaurant is in the Hell's Kitchen district of
Manhattan, an area which, like Times Square, is a lot more salubrious than it
used to be. It's a small place and close enough to the theatres to get pretty
packed on weekends but the innovative nouvelle-Latino menu is terrific. The duck
confit empanadas with cranberry mole and pico de gallo and the wild mushrooms
with smoked chipotle are both spicy and complex but allow the individual
flavours to come to the fore. Long Island duck breast with sweet potato puree,
sauteed greens and pineapple mole is another excellent dish, as is the ancho
crusted tuna with yucca cake and smoky peanut sauce. The frozen margherittas at
the bar while you wait for your table aren't half bad either.

La Portena: 7425 37th Avenue, Queens, NY. Ph: 718 458-8111. Mon-Sun 12pm-12am.

It's a bit out of the way but La Portena is worth the trip for some of the best
Argentinian-style steak you're going to get anywhere. The decor's cluttered and
down-home-south-of-the-boarder featuring framed photos of boxers. It's anything
but twee and trendy - a very Queens experience. The beef here is excellent and
the serves are big even by New York standards. Don't expect flash 'cause this
joint ain't, but the quality's good.

STILL HUNGRY

Katz' Deli: 205 East Houston Street.Ph: 212 254 2246. Sunday to Tuesday
8am-10pm, Wednesday 8am-11pm, Thursday 8am-midnight, Friday and Saturday 8am -
3am.

Yes, everybody's been to the rough and ready, 118 year-old Jewish deli Katz',
including several US presidents, umpteen Hollywood stars and - surprisingly -
the odd supermodel. But the pastrami on rye sandwich with half sour pickle is
still the best on the planet and one of the most substantial in New York. The
celery-flavoured soda (Dr Brown's Cel-ray) is an acquired taste but something
you're highly unlikely to find at home. Katz' never changes and that's its
charm.

Veniero's Pasticceria: 342 East 11th Street. Ph: 212 674 7070. Sunday - Thursday
8am to midnight, Friday - Saturday 8am to 1am.

Since 1894 this East Village Italian pastry shop has been super-sizing New
Yorkers with an extraordinary array of cakes, pastries and coffees. But the real
star is the cannoli, made with fresh ricotta cheese and available in chocolate
or vanilla. Addictive. Eat as many as you can and save the regrets for later.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Eating well has never been a problem in this city of
immigrants. Photo Stewart Hawkins Prize pretzels . . . coming to a street corner
near you. Photo Stewart Hawkins

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Genteel Playwright, Angry Voice

BYLINE: By MEL GUSSOW

SECTION: Section 2; Page 1, Column 2; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 2579 words

DATELINE: LONDON


IN CARYL CHURCHILL'S VITRIOLIC NEW COME-dy, ''Serious Money,'' greed, corruption
and self-interest share equal billing. Venality is a way of LIFFE (an acronym
for the London International Financial Futures Exchange). Money is the key to
more money - and to power - and on this boardroom battlefield even sex takes a
holiday. In one of the play's more absurd scenes, a banker and a businesswoman
try to arrange a tryst and find they do not even have time for a quick lunch
date in their tightly scheduled, yupwardly mobile lives. So they forget sex and
return to the stimulation of profit-making in ''the City,'' the London
equivalent of Wall Street that is the bull-and-bear pit for Ms. Churchill's
satire.

The play, which begins with a scene borrowed from ''The Volunteers, or the Stock
Jobbers,'' a 1692 romp by Thomas Shadwell, is a kind of neo-Restoration comedy
of ill manners and strangulated morality. For theatergoers it offers a crash
course in Euro-economics. In London, ''Serious Money'' has tapped a responsive
chord with both the playwright's traditional admirers and those whom she is
subjecting to ridicule.

Whether ''Serious Money'' will repeat its London success when it opens Dec. 3 at
the Public Theater (it has its first public preview this evening) is a matter of
conjecture. The very Englishness of the play may act against it, as may the
stock market specificity of the locale, characters and jargon. One thing is
certain: With the crisis on Wall Street, the play could not be timelier. It also
arrives at the crest of a wave of plays and films dealing with corporate
politics.

''Serious Money'' ends with the re-election of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
and the cynical prediction, in song, of ''five more glorious years.'' After
Black Monday on Wall Street, the author changed only one line; there is now a
reference to prices falling ''in the crash.''

In America, the interest in Ms. Churchill has been whetted by her last three
plays to arrive here - ''Cloud Nine,'' ''Top Girls'' and ''Fen.'' The three
plays are widely divergent. In ''Cloud Nine'' (1981) Ms. Churchill mocks the
cuckoo land of English colonialism at the same time that she explores the
bizarre byways of sexual role-playing. ''Top Girls'' (1982) describes the
hollowness of the modern career woman who, in her climb, emulates the men who
have repressed her. ''Fen'' (1983) is an embittered slice of life depicting the
desperation and suppressed passions of women forced to become slaves to the land
and to the men in their lives.

What they have in common is a fierce sense of fair play, a fervid social
consciousness that caters to no special interest. Though socialism and feminism
are of primary concern to the author, she is neither a polemicist nor a
proselytizer. In fact, one of the ironies of ''Top Girls'' is that none of the
heroines is really heroic, least of all the career woman at the center. In her
plays, Ms. Churchill is striking at deeper issues, such as the corruptive power
of ownership and a collective view of history that breaks through barriers of
time, class and gender.

For most Americans, ''Cloud Nine'' was their first encounter with the playwright
and, from the evidence, it would have been easy to assume that she was in her
20's. The fact is that ''Cloud Nine'' was not her first or second play, but more
like her 25th - a number of them short and written for radio. Ms. Churchill, now
49, has been writing plays for almost 30 years. But, beginning with ''Cloud
Nine,'' she has been consolidating her position as one of the most original and
daring of contemporary playwrights. Her work offers a defiant answer to anyone
who thinks that women writers can be pigeonholed. Ms. Churchill is as
strong-willed and as earthy as any of her male colleagues and more willing than
many of them to challenge theatrical tradition. This, combined with her dazzling
sense of theatricality, has moved her into the front ranks of her profession.

''She's a dramatist whose moment has come,'' says Max Stafford-Clark, artistic
director of the Royal Court Theater in London. He directed ''Top Girls'' and
''Serious Money,'' in America and England in an exchange program between the
Royal Court and the Public Theater. ''Caryl is coming to terms with Thatcher's
effect on women, on people who make money and on the poor. She's constantly
exploring and commenting on events as they happen.''

Just as her work has its contradictions, Ms. Churchill is herself a paradox. Her
plays are outrageous, even scandalous and the language, as in ''Serious Money,''
can be scabrous. The playwright, however, is no wild-eyed weird sister, but a
genteel woman with a kind of regal reserve. The British director William Gaskill
thinks she has a ''classic English beauty'' - with her graying hair and high
cheekbones. Married to a lawyer and the mother of three sons (they are 24, 22
and 17), she has a close circle of friends. Outside of that circle, she is so
aggressively shy that, next to her, Woody Allen would seem like an ebullient
self-promoter. She regards interviews as others might a visit to the dentist -
as something to be endured, to be concluded as soon as possible without pain to
the patient.

One Saturday afternoon this past summer, when she and I were having tea in a
West End cafe, she gradually became somewhat revealing. She said that, in her
work, she was interested in ''power, powerlessness and exploitation; people's
longings, obsessions and dreams.'' I asked her what her obsessions were. After a
long pause, she said in a muffled voice: ''I don't feel consumed with them,''
but admitted to having ''passionate days.'' That day, for example, before we
met, she had spent hours playing a single Bach fugue over and over on the piano,
trying to analyze and understand its structure. It was like taking apart a clock
or a car - or studying the stock market - to see how it works.

With that story tantalizingly in the air, she suddenly announced that it was 5
o'clock and she had to leave in order to look in on ''Serious Money'' at the
late afternoon matinee. Wanting to prolong the talk, I suggested that I might
accompany her and watch the show with her from backstage. She was horrified at
the idea. ''I wouldn't take the responsibility for bringing someone backstage,''
she said, and then added politely but firmly that she had really talked enough.
Momentarily sympathizing with the problems of the interviewer, she said, ''I
know you want the whole iceberg, not just the tip of it,'' and suggested, ''You
could make this article about my dislike of interviews.'' Then she made a wish.
''I want to be either Homer or Anon., one of those people no one says anything
about.'' With the barest glimmer of a smile, Anon. rushed off to her hit show.

In her case, withdrawal comes with the territory. The more people want, the less
she is prepared to surrender. Earlier in her career, she did sit for
questioning, even, on occasion, permitting outsiders to penetrate her home - now
as then in the middle-class Islington section of London. Those visits ceased
after one reporter was rash enough to mention that there were dirty dishes in
her sink. ''I don't like having deductions about my life and character drawn
from my house,'' she explains. ''It's bad enough having them drawn from my
work.''

More and more she has to field requests from academics analyzing her body of
work. ''Students doing a thesis will come to me and say, 'Did you know there are
babies in all your plays?' or 'The plays have an obsession with time.' '' Her
response: ''Oh, yes, well, indeed.'' She adds as proof of her unpredictability,
''There's no baby in 'Serious Money.'' (In point of fact, there are babies in
most of her plays - and the works are obsessed with time.) Although Ms.
Churchill thrives in a collaborative form of theater, she is, in other respects,
a loner. One close friend provides a clue to her behavior: ''She's gone through
enormous emotional upheaval, out of which the writing comes. I think she tends
to get deeply depressed when she's not working. Her life would be enormously
stunted without the theater.'' In her, there would appear to be a dichotomy
between family obligations and a desire for adventure. To a great extent, she
finds that adventure in her work, which as much as anything transports her to
Cloud Nine. In criticism, one might say that her work is overly intellectual,
that it suppresses her emotions and conceals her own point of view.

This sense of propriety, of conforming to expectations, apparently took root
early in her childhood. She is the only child of Robert Churchill, who for many
years was a cartoonist for the London Daily Mail and other publications. Her
mother was formerly a fashion model. Though the playwright has frequently been
quoted as saying she was ''infinitely, distantly'' related to Sir Winston
Churchill, she says she has no proof of such a relationship. Had Sir Winston met
his namesake, he might have pigeonholed her, along with Russia, as ''a riddle
wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.''

Very early, she expressed her interest in theater. By the time she was 4, she
was making up pantomimes and staging them for the amusement of her parents. She
grew up in Montreal, returning to London in the late 1950's in order to study
English at Oxford University, where her plays were given student productions.
Just out of university, she married David Harter, a promising young lawyer.
While keeping house and bringing up the children, she continued to write plays,
writing out of whatever domestic calm she could find.

For many years, her creative time was determined by the children's school hours.
Necessarily, the plays were short. Many of them were written for radio. Later,
she characterized this work as ''depressed plays about depression.''

Clarifying that quote, she says, ''I was fed up with the situation I found
myself in in the 1960's. I didn't like being a barrister's wife and going out to
dinner with other professional people and dealing with middle-class life. It
seemed claustrophobic. Having started off with undefined idealistic assumptions
about the kind of life we could lead, we had drifted into something quite
conventional and middle class and boring. By the mid-60's, I had this gloomy
feeling that when the Revolution came I would be swept away.''

At the same time, her husband had become dissatisfied with his role as a
barrister. He began giving free legal advice in a local legal center. Together
they chose a life of genteel poverty and of limited professional aspiration, all
of which seemed appropriate to their sense of social responsibility. She began
doing research on bad housing conditions, and from that evolved ''Owners'' in
1972, her first full-length play to be done in London. At its center was an
acquisitive landlady, a strong woman as anti-heroine, foreshadowing similar
characters in ''Top Girls'' and other works.

''Owners'' was followed by several productions created within an ensemble - at
the Joint Stock company and the Monstrous Regiment, a women's theater group - a
giant step away from writing short plays at her kitchen table. The Joint Stock
method brought the actors, directors and playwright together in a collaborative
process. A specific subject would be chosen and, over a period of several weeks,
the participants would do field research, bringing their findings back into the
workshop. Then the playwright would go off and spend several months writing a
play.

Though at first she was self-conscious about such public affiliation, Ms.
Churchill soon found herself highly stimulated. The first of her plays to emerge
from this process was the 1976 ''Light Shining in Buckinghamshire,'' a complex
historical epic about the thwarted English revolution of the 17th century. Three
years later, the Joint Stock principle was applied to British colonialism. The
result, ''Cloud Nine,'' later directed in the United States by Tommy Tune,
represented a breakthrough for her.

The playwright has repeatedly returned to the collaborative method, but she also
continued to write plays without benefit of ensemble research. One such play,
''Top Girls,'' came out of her own desire to write about women at work. ''I
thought of calling the play 'Heroines,' '' she says, ''but I was afraid that one
wouldn't see the irony of the title. Perhaps people don't see the irony of
calling it 'Top Girls.' ''

With ''Fen,'' she was once more at work with Joint Stock, on location
interviewing farm workers in the marshy fen country north of London. Though
''Fen'' and ''Serious Money'' are totally divergent in setting, style and
content, each began as a socio-anthropological study of a way of life, of a
tribe that was totally alien to the author before she began the project.

''Serious Money'' started with Max Stafford-Clark, who thought that, as a change
of pace, the Royal Court should ''do a play about rich people instead of one
about poor people.'' Eight actors, the director and Ms. Churchill, all of them
novices in the financial world, plunged into the business of the City. As for
the playwright, that world was more foreign to her than ''Fen.'' But she was
immediately captivated by the energy on the Royal Exchange, and was soon
relating the adrenalin of trading to the adrenalin of performance. The timing of
the project was fortuitous. A month after work began, the so-called Big Bang
arrived and the stock market was deregulated. Scandals broke out, including the
Guinness affair, in which the beer company, in a takeover maneuver, sought to
manipulate the value of its stock. Such events furnished the play with intrigue
as well as immediacy.

''Cloud Nine'' brought the playwright her first steady income; ''Serious Money''
may bring Ms. Churchill her first serious money. If so, indications are that it
will not substantially alter her way of life. The relative lateness of her
arrival made her feel that she was 10 years behind her playwriting
contemporaries (such as David Hare and Howard Brenton), but it did not arouse
her competitiveness. She has always gone her own way as an artist, even as her
work entered the mainstream. In praise of her agent, Margaret Ramsay, she says,
''She's always confirmed the kind of values I've had about theater. What matters
is to write very well and what doesn't matter is to make money. She's always
ringing me up and saying, 'Caryl, this Hollywood producer wants you to write a
movie. You don't want to do that, do you, dear?' ''

She admits, however, to periods of doubt and discouragement. ''I have long
spells when I wonder why I am in the theater - that's when I'm not writing a
play. I also have occasional spells when I think I'd rather write other things -
when I see bad productions of my plays. Equally, the attraction of theater is
that plays are not the same every time. They can be done differently by
different people and that makes it more exciting. The reason for being in the
theater is the pleasure of the medium itself. A painter likes paint; I like
working with actors.''

Initially she was drawn to theater by the idea of its ''density and
compression,'' and she has had no reason to change that perception. ''I thought
of plays as poetry and novels as prose,'' she says. ''I thought Sophocles and
Shakespeare were better than Dickens and Jane Austen. It was the greater thing
to do; it was more exciting. That's why I did it, and probably why I still do
it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Caryl Churchill; Linda Bassett and Allan Cordoner in
''Serious Money'' (Camera Press/Eric Roberts) (pg. 26)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              167 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            April 8, 1999, Thursday

SUBVERSION IN A CARTOON WORLD;
 A DECADE HAS PASSED SINCE MATT GROENING BROKE THE ANIMATION MOULD WITH THE
SIMPSONS. NOW HE'S SEEN THE FUTURE, AND IT'S BETTER DRAWN. IN HIS SCI-FI SATIRE
, THE BARS ARE CALLED O'ZORGNAX'S AND THE PLACE TO LIVE IS A MILE ABOVE
MANHATTAN . WELCOME TO FUTURAMA

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1412 words


The cynicism... The vicious, despoiling capitalists who crush hope and
enterprise... The overbites... Yes, we are back in the world according to Matt
Groening, creator of The Simpsons, the most successful cartoon of the decade and
one of the greatest television series ever to emerge from America.

Futurama, which started showing earlier this month (and will be screened in this
country by Sky One from September), is his latest effort and, like its
predecessor, it proves that the only way that American television today can be
provocative, funny and original is through cartoons. The humour that Groening
extracts from human venality, fascistic businessmen and nasty little personal
habits would never be permitted in the dreary, formulaic sitcoms that US network
television churns out on a production line.

But it is also just the latest in a series of cartoons targeted at an adult
audience, all of them owing something to Homer and his family. Futurama has its
debut, ironically, just as the bandwagon started by Groening a decade ago is
looking a little top heavy.

Futurama is set in the year 3000, when a pizza delivery man called Fry emerges
from a time capsule to find a world that is... quite like the present one, but
better drawn. There are futuristic Irish bars called "O'Zorgnax's". Fry refuses
to take a four-dimensional apartment because "we are not going to pay for a
dimension we don't use". The most fashionable part of Manhattan to live in is
the Upper -Upper West Side, a mile above West 86th Street. The world is run by a
fascistic giant corporation. (Motto: "you gotta do what you gotta do.") And poor
Fry, who initially sees his thousand-year journey as a chance to change his
life, is instructed by a "fate assignment officer" that his job has been
determined by a machine: he is to be a delivery boy. "Have a nice future," he is
told cheerily. It is a close relative of Red Dwarf, the BBC series which turned
science fiction inside out and introduced the word "smeg" to the everyday
vocabulary of pre-teenagers.

This is a long way from Springfield, the small town where life is nasty, brutish
and funny-coloured. We are in the future; we are in space; and the characters
include a mendacious and vulgar robot called Bender. All the same, "there was a
lot in Futurama to keep a Simpsons fan happy", as fan Jordan Hoffman wrote in
LeisureNet, an Internet magazine. "The cynicism, the hackneyed jokes, the
minutiae filling every frame, and yes, it does seem that Bender the robot...
looks like a silver Homer." Bender, as well as being a heavy drinker and smoker,
has a deep interest in pornography - circuit diagrams count as one-handed
reading. In space, no one can see you... well, you get the idea.

A decade ago Groening took a medium that was out of fashion and used it to
create one of the greatest television series ever, with characters who defined
the Nineties. It started out in 1987 as 30-second spots set in the Tracey Ullman
show, then graduated to its own slot on Rupert Murdoch's Fox channel. Since then
it has been massively successful for him and for Fox, earning hundreds of
millions of dollars in product sales and syndication around the world. Bart
Simpson, who was once regarded as a kind of juvenile Johnny Rotten, a threat to
the morals of the nation, is now one of the best-known faces in the world.
According to Groening, after the Gulf War a Mid-Western town wanted to erect a
statue of Bart stomping on Saddam Hussein. He is an icon, which is to say you
can buy T-shirts with his face on them.

Groening is philosophical about the success of The Simpsons, and its side
effects. (He is philosophical about most things. He is, as he is the first to
admit, a rotten old hippy.) "As much as I love The Simpsons show, I love those
Simpsons figurines," he told Wired magazine. "To me the figurines are part of
the creative product. OK, I'm not that proud of the Simpsons asthma inhalers,
but that comes with the territory."

His vision for the new series draws once again a dyspeptic view of America, a
twisted recycling of all the old cliches turned back upon themselves. The broken
mould for The Simpsons was The Flintstones, the first ever prime-time cartoon,
launched in 1960. Instead of the friendly boss at the rock-breaking plant, there
was a homicidal maniac who ran the nuclear power plant. Homer's stubble is not,
like Fred's, just enough to be manly: it is gross. Fred is cuddly and Homer is
fat.

Just as The Simpsons draws on The Flintstones, so Futurama draws on Star Trek,
Star Wars and (especially) Lost in Space. But whereas they have a reassuring
faith in the ability of the future to deliver, Futurama does not. "Enough of
these TV shows in which the problems of the universe are solved by militarism
guided by New-Age spirituality," Groening told the Boston Herald recently. "I'm
reacting in part to the liberal optimism of Star Trek and Star Wars, which seem
to be the dominant science-fiction fantasies of our time," he told Mother Jones
Magazine.

He is also, it is clear, reacting against Fox and what he went through to get
Futurama on the air. "It has been by far the worst experience of my grown-up
life," he told Mother Jones. "I guess I shouldn't have been surprised because
this is how everyone is treated. But I thought I would have a little bit more
leeway since I made Fox so much money with The Simpsons." He was wrong, of
course. "The Simpsons obviously is a huge success and Fox has nothing to do with
its success, with its creative success, and as a result they don't really like
the show. They don't like The Simpsons at Fox.

"The second they ordered it, they completely freaked out and were afraid the
show was too dark and mean-spirited, and thought they had made a huge mistake
and that the only way they could address their anxieties was to try to make me
as crazy as possible with their frustrations." They were particularly upset,
apparently, with the Suicide Box in the pilot episode.

The network executives at Fox moved it this week from its prime Sunday- evening
slot to Tuesday. It sits after King of the Hill, a cartoon that brings us the
adventures of a propane sales representative from Texas, and is slightly on the
wane. (It is much funnier than it sounds. Really. Much funnier.) Fox is putting
its money instead on Family Guy, a cartoon that was previewed after the Super
Bowl and which seemed distinctly less innovative. It already has PJs, a
"foamation" series by Eddy Murphy which proves that American television will
give prime-time attention to black people, as long as they are little foam
models.

If all this sounds like a lot of cartoons, then hold your breath. Every network
except CBS has a cartoon under development. Meg Ryan is at work on "a female
South Park" called Quints. David Spade is doing Sammy for NBC. Fox and UPN,
another cable channel, will have seven cartoons between them by the end of May.

Network executives are a famously stupid bunch, and the slightest hint of
originality or innovation has them retching in terror. But what they can do with
verve and polish is copy, and so they have spent the last two years trying to
recreate the success of cartoons like Ren and Stimpy from Nickelodeon, South
Park from Comedy Central, and MTV's Beavis and Butthead, all mutant children of
Homer and Marge. Now the fruits of their labours are all appearing at the same
time. Once again, it would seem a historic triumph is within reach for the
industry: something that was supposed to be different, original and new could,
through the Herculean labours of very highly paid executives, be made tired and
repetitive.

Futurama still looks different. It is not, by the common consent of critics, as
good as The Simpsons. Yet. Most would accept that it is only on its third
programme, and that The Simpsons wasn't as good as The Simpsons for some time.
There are some weaknesses - Groening has some sort of a problem with women, and
his female characters are weaker than his males (or his robots). It will take
time to populate the world of Fry with all the characters, side references and
textures of a series that has taken 10 years to build. None the less, it has
already embarrassed Fox with audience ratings that make it one of the network's
strongest offerings. All of which, it would seem, just goes to prove Groening's
favourite aphorism: "The authorities don't have your best interests at heart."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              168 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                 March 1, 2014

By Its Cover

BYLINE: Dan Forrest

SECTION: REVIEWS; Mystery; Pg. 75 Vol. 139 No. 4

LENGTH: 177 words


In the 23rd outing for Commissario Guido Brunetti (The Golden Egg), the Venetian
policeman is called to a library to investigate the thefts of several rare
historical books and maps. Brunetti gets a crash course in the politics of
wealthy donors, fragile institutional reputations, and the international black
market in stolen literary works and prints. The investigation takes a turn for
the worse when one of the library researchers is found beaten to death. Brunetti
smoothly moves through the investigation, humoring his bosses and finessing
witnesses, while maintaining his integrity.

VERDICT Series fans will delight in the usual snippets of daily life in a
historic city, brief asides about the universality of corruption and humanity's
venality, and several mouthwatering meals. In addition to series fans, it will
appeal to readers looking for a well-plotted story matched with just enough
details of life in one of the world's most beautiful locations. [See Prepub
Alert, 9/1/13; library marketing.]--Dan Forrest, Western Kentucky Univ. Libs.,
Bowling Green

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2014 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             July 11, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Freed by a roaming spirit;
BIOGRAPHY

BYLINE: Catherine Ford

SECTION: A2; Books; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 964 words


Trying to understand the essence of such an imaginative but fiercely guarded
personality as Flannery O'Connor is best achieved by reading her books, writes
Catherine Ford.

Flannery: A Life of Flannery O'Connor

By Brad Gooch

Little, Brown, $55

IN THE Life You Save May Be Your Own, an early story of Flannery O'Connor's in
which she exercised, as she did throughout her writing, ideas about man's
incorrigible attraction to sin and venality, a one-armed tramp trades words with
a widow he meets on his jaunty path to perdition.

The widow, an indomitable dame from the American south, offers the journeyman
odd jobs, food and the hand of her half-witted daughter. The tramp responds with
obfuscation. "A man is divided into two parts," he waffles, the body "a house:
it don't go anywhere; but the spirit, lady," he says, "is like a automobile:
always on the move".

True to his word, he stays on the widow's farm, fixes her deceased husband's car
and drives the daughter to town in it. There he marries the girl and then, as if
he had had the plan in his head all along, abandons her, in a roadside diner, to
a sad plate of ham and grits. He retreats and takes the car, hell-bent on
reaching a town called Mobile before sundown.

One of the most remarkable things about this story, and there's plenty in it to
be amazed by, is the degree of sympathy the writer extends to the tramp.

O'Connor, a devout Catholic and a political conservative, a Southern woman
plagued by illness, passed most of her short life on a Georgian dairy farm alone
with her domineering and often ferocious mother (Flannery's father died when she
was a teenager), and one could be excused for thinking the author might have
visited some terrible retribution on that fictional tramp.

Instead, she invests him with free will, a craven irresponsibility and the
illicit thrills of desertion and escape, all of which, reading Brad Gooch's
biography of the writer's difficult and reclusive existence, we might assume
were powerfully attractive notions for a writer who lived a very cloistered,
immobile life. In her novels and her short fiction, O'Connor came down very
firmly on the side of the tramps.

Gooch's biography of the author comes in two parts, the first covering her
childhood in Savannah, Georgia, until she was diagnosed, at 25, with lupus, the
disease that had killed her father; the second, the short decade and a half of
intense, imaginative labour she practised in her writing before her death, aged
39, in 1964.

A precocious, only child with doting, well-to-do parents, O'Connor scandalised
friends and family early by writing her first book, My Relitives, at the age of
10, the portraits in it so accurate, so mischievous and "uncomfortably close to
life" that those "relitives" wisely refused to recognise themselves in it.

Even when matricide became a favoured climax in her mature fiction, Flannery's
mother still turned a blind eye to the symbolic murders in them, choosing,
instead, to defend her daughter when some of those stories were mauled by
critics, mostly snooty east coast academics and other literary animals, that is
arrogant publishers, who failed to appreciate her and were thereafter despised.

Gooch is excellent on O'Connor's bereavement following her father's death, her
sequestration in her mother's house, and the ambiguous gifts illness granted
her, but he's not quite so engaging in the years when O'Connor left home to
study and write, the latter during stints at the artistic poseurs' compound at
Yaddo.

O'Connor's sobriety and seriousness isolated her there among the hammy likes of
Robert Lowell, Patricia Highsmith and Elizabeth Hardwick, with their high-flown
political talk and discussions of "barbiturates and now maybe it's marijuana",
she recorded scornfully. Gooch's attachment to her also comes unstuck through
these years.

An invalid (she walked with crutches and was frequently in hospital) and a
mostly silent and withdrawn woman in company, O'Connor kept herself to the page,
and while Gooch digs into her correspondence and her work, he struggles against
this reserve.

Mostly circumspect about her romantic and sexual life, matters she guarded
fiercely, Gooch still suggests some homosexuality and self-repression, and
indulges in the details of a botched intimacy, as related by a man O'Connor
clearly loved, a breach of privacy so ugly that one hopes biographer and cad
suffer broken sleep because of it.

Taken with philosophers and theologians, in particular the French Thomist
Jacques Maritain, whose theories freed her from the ideological struggles she
fought between artistry and her faith, O'Connor conserved herself, instead, for
thought, for the interiorising of ideas, their transformations to fiction.

She was a loyal and loving correspondent, a passionate Southerner, and although
a harsh critic of the worst of its hillybilly-ism and racism - the Ku Klux Klan
encroached on her property - she refused a visit from James Baldwin in Georgia,
afraid of the resultant "disturbance and disunion".

"It would be nice," she wrote, "to meet him in New York: here it would not." She
was as unpredictable and canny as her fiction.

O'Connor liked nothing better, it seems, than "porch-setting" on her farm, where
she sipped Coca-Cola laced with coffee and watched the 19 peacocks she owned
scratch about her yard. She was an addict of sunsets, the Georgian sun, she once
wrote, being "owned" by her mother.

She journeyed boldly through moral quagmires, the riddles and cant of her place
and time, and caught what she saw and understood and could transform, to her
satisfaction, in story.

Gooch succeeds, of course, only insofar as a biographer ever does: he draws
close to the subject, seizes what he can, and rides away in a stolen car.

Catherine Ford's, NYC, is published by Text.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Flannery O'Connor's bold but abridged journey was one of intense
imagination.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                              July 10, 2009 Friday

Tour viewers test positive ...

BYLINE: Julia Beffon

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 637 words


... for cynicism, but Manny another ballgame
 LAST weekend's victory by Roger Federer at Wimbledon, though expected, was one
of the year's feel-good moments. Federer and his vanquished opponent, Andy
Roddick, represent the best of modern sport: excellent athletes who take both
victory and defeat in a sportsmanlike manner; players whose careers are
untainted by scandal.


 Tiger Woods's win later on Sunday was in the same vein.
 The rest of the week's viewing was far less inspirational. Corinthian values
took a back seat to venality and the ever-present whiff of corruption. Sports
fans have a strange duality, they can hero-worship their idols unquestioningly,
but can simultaneously be among the biggest cynics on Earth.
 So Pakistan's implosion in the first Test against Sri Lanka, where they
contrived to lose when requiring fewer than 100 runs with seven wickets in hand,
was greeted not as a great fightback by the home side, but as something that
might have been cooked up in the betting shops of the subcontinent.
 From even before the Hansie Cronje scandal, cricket has been labouring under
suspicions of cheating to please bookmakers or punters. Results such as the one
from Galle this week do little to dispel the cloud.
 In the US, Manny Ramirez, the Los Angeles Dodgers slugger, returned on Friday
from a 50-game suspension for breaching baseball's drugs code. The game is
struggling through the effects of its own steroid era, during which most records
are in question as more and more players admit they used drugs to aid their
performances.
 Ramirez tested positive for gonadotropin (lovely word) something sometimes used
to correct erectile dysfunction, more commonly used by women to increase
fertility, and a favourite among athletes trying to mask steroid use. Because of
that third potential use, the drug found in his system is on baseball's banned
list.
 Ramirez served out his suspension without a murmur or an explanation, so the
presumption is that he is another drugs cheat. It seems odd that he'd be willing
to forgo entry into the sport's Hall of Fame because he was too embarrassed to
admit he used HCG for the reasons other men did.
 Interestingly, in the first five games Ramirez played since coming back from
his suspension, he hit two home runs.
 Before the suspension, he had hit five in 27 games. Maybe he is clean - he's
eccentric enough. But whatever his steroid history, the fans turned out in their
thousands to greet him and the networks have been showing wall-to-wall "Manny
being Manny" highlights.
 The same can't be said for the Tour de France. Cycling, like athletics,
regularly has to expunge records from its books because those who set them have
been found to have taken illegal drugs. From the infamous "Belgian cocktail" of
heroin and speed used in the 1960s and 1970s, to the modern blood-thickening
EPO, human growth hormone and steroids, cyclists have been found to use anything
they can lay their hands on to earn the coveted maillot jaune.
 Lance Armstrong, a seven-times winner and often accused of cheating, is back
after a four-year lay-off and is again near the head of the field.
 The response from the public has been a mass "non" and viewing numbers have
dropped precipitously.
 There's a level of cynicism in cycling that hasn't yet appeared in baseball.
Cycling is a sport of power and strategy - it takes very little skill, so drugs
can have a disproportionately large effect on the outcome of races.
 For those who get hot under the collar and point out that Armstrong has been
tested in and out of competition for years and has never (officially) tested
positive, I have two words: Marion Jones.
 ARTLESS DODGER: Fans turned out in their thousands for the return of Los
Angeles Dodgers' Manny Ramirez from suspension after breaking baseball's drugs
code Picture: AP

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2009 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 29, 1985, Tuesday, Final Edition

Time-Traveling Treat;
WRC's Adventure of Two Maryland Kids

BYLINE: By Tom Shales, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; TV Preview; C4

LENGTH: 343 words


A one-hour fantasy-drama produced by WRC-TV in association with the Educational
Film Center of Annandale airs on the NBC network today as this month's "Special
Treat" for young viewers. "Out of Time," at 4 on Channel 4, is a time-travel
adventure about two Frederick County, Maryland, youngsters who travel to 1851
and prove that an ancestor was not a slaveholder and not a crook.

Adam Baldwin, the bodyguard of "My Bodyguard," plays the ancestor, Otto Frommer,
whose trunk the children find stashed on their farm. A terror of a thunderstorm
zaps them back to a pivotal moment in Otto's career. The kids had found a
receipt for two slaves in the trunk, but this incriminating evidence turns out
to be misleading. Otto was actually involved in a small-scale underground
railroad. With the kids' help, he foils an evil slave trader and helps several
slaves escape to freedom.

Unfortunately, though the subject of slavery is involved, "Out of Time" has no
black actors in speaking parts. Black people are depicted either as the
beneficiaries of white largess or as the victims of white venality, but not as
dimensional characters. Authors Ruth Pollak, Ira H. Klugerman and Patrick
Prentice should have written in at least one prominent role for a black actor.

Otherwise, everything here is shipshape and first-rate. In terms of production,
the film is handsome and smart, well directed by Michael Schweitzer and
impressively produced by Donald Fouser. There has been no apparent
corner-cutting and there is a happy absence of kiddie-show condescension.
Baldwin does his enigmatically stoic bit again, and effectively; as the two
time-traveling tots, R.D. Robb is a stouthearted young man and Amy Locane a
living doll with a winning manner.

The period scenes in "Out of Time" were filmed in and around Baltimore's Fells
Point by cinematographer Tony Louis Cutrono, who got the most out of the
locations. Everyone involved earned his kudos; the only pity is that there's a
kudo or two left over for performances that should have been but weren't.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              172 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 11, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE PRESIDENT'S TRIAL: THE STATUTE;
Senate Will Weigh Future of the Law Covering Counsels

BYLINE: By DAVID STOUT

SECTION: Section A; Page 28; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 10


The independent counsel law, which for two decades has been the foundation for
investigations involving deep constitutional issues as well as venality and
sexual misbehavior, will be debated in Senate hearings beginning on Feb. 24.

The hearings before the Governmental Affairs Committee, headed by Senator Fred
Thompson, Republican of Tennessee, are sure to be heated. The law, enacted in
1978 after the Watergate scandal, has been controversial from the start. It has
been re-enacted several times and will expire on June 30 unless Congress
reauthorizes it.

The law's supporters argue that it enables outside investigators to delve into
possible wrongdoing by the President, Vice President and other high Government
officials without fear of retribution. Its detractors contend that some
investigators have gone on fishing expeditions, trampling on individual rights
and spending millions of dollars, often with little to show for it.

Senator Thompson and the committee's ranking Democrat, Senator Joseph I.
Lieberman of Connecticut, said the panel would hear the views of former
attorneys general, legal scholars, subjects of previous investigations and
independent counsels.

The committee announced today that witnesses for the opening hearing would
include Howard H. Baker Jr., the former Republican Senator from Tennessee who
was vice chairman of the Senate Watergate Committee, and Griffin B. Bell, who
was Attorney General from 1977 to 1979.

Mr. Baker and Mr. Bell served on an independent bipartisan commission,
established by the University of Virginia, that issued a report in December
concluding that the independent counsel law does not work properly. Among its
shortcomings, the commission said, is that the law does not provide subjects of
investigations with "the safeguards afforded to all other subjects of Federal
criminal investigations."

Over the years, some 20 independent counsels have been appointed to investigate
possible transgressions, varying from the sale of weapons to Iran and the
diversion of profits to Nicaraguan rebels to President Clinton's affair with
Monica S. Lewinsky.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              173 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    August 26, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Star Maps shows Hollywood's dirt

BYLINE: BILL BROWNSTEIN; THE MONTREAL GAZETTE

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. B10

DATELINE: MONTREAL


It is amusing, in a perverse way, that Miguel Arteta's first feature, Star Maps,
should surface at a festival that celebrates show biz. But apart from the irony,
there is little to laugh about in this gruelling tale.

The director's inexperience shows in occasional melodrama. But there's no
denying that Arteta has deftly conveyed the down and dirty side of life in
Hollywood's glitter lane.

A crowd favourite at this year's Sundance Film Festival, Star Maps is playing at
the Montreal Film Festival, which began Friday, and will be in general release
in Canada next month.

Star Maps is the story of a desperate young Latino who will do anything to
pursue his fantasy.

And the brooding Carlos (Douglas Spain) has set his sights on a Hollywood
biggie: he dreams of becoming the next Antonio Banderas.

After spending a few years with his grandparents in Mexico, Carlos returns to
his unglued family in Los Angeles to try to achieve his goal.

Carlos knows what lunacy awaits him, too. Carlos's mother, Teresa (Martha
Velez), sister Maria (Lysa Flores) and brother Juancito (Vincent Chandler) have
all been driven over the edge by his psycho-beast father, Pepe (Efrain
Figueroa).

Pepe is a small-time pimp. He operates a service that supposedly sells maps to
tourists who wish to know where the stars live.

But it is all a cover for a prostitution ring in which young Latino male
map-sellers rent their bodies to eager insurance salesmen and Hollywood starlets
alike.

Pepe has no moral qualms about sending his son Carlos into the sordid fray. And
Carlos naively figures he'll meet industry folk who will put him on the fast
track.

Amazingly enough, Carlos captures the imagination of Jennifer (Kandeyce Jorden),
a Hollywood soap-opera star who looks for lust in all the wrong places.

Because Jennifer's naive hubby (Robin Thomas) produces her show, she is even
able to land Carlos some bit work in her series.

Unfortunately, Carlos's star dreams interfere with those of his pimp pop. The
perpetually frustrated Pepe will stop at nothing to exert control over Carlos
just as he has abused the rest of the family.

But Star Maps speaks not only of wildly dysfunctional families and seemingly
unattainable star fantasies. It also speaks frankly of the plight of Latinos in
L.A., who make up almost half the population of the city but are mostly
relegated to minor support roles in and out of the movies.

All the same, Arteta wanted to avoid Latino stereotypes by doing a
one-dimensional movie about murder, mayhem and drugs in the barrio.

Nor did he desire strictly positive images of Latinos in the community. He
dodges this trap with a remarkably shaded film.

"There's a lot of pressure on Latino film-makers from within the community, but
the barriers are finally being broken, allowing directors like myself to move
into different areas and themes," says Arteta, 32, who is in Montreal for the
film festival.

Star Maps isn't autobiographical, but Arteta relates to the plight of his
hustling anti-hero Carlos. "Trying to break into the movie business in Hollywood
is tough enough, but for an immigrant Latino ..."

His voice tails off, but the expression says it all. It's been a long haul for
Arteta and his producer-writer partner Matthew Greenfield. They've spent four
years trying to finance and film this $ 400,000 production.

"We started in my basement, where we had to build our own desk from wood we
found in the trash," says Arteta, who moved from his native Puerto Rico to L.A.
seven years ago.

Industry financing was out of the question. "People thought it was too dark and
said the studios would never support such a film. So we went out looking for
rich people outside the industry who shared our vision. One guy invested $
50,000 and started the whole ball rolling."

The ball is rolling well now for Arteta. After Star Maps made its debut at the
Sundance festival, Fox Searchlight, the art-film arm of 20th Century-Fox, made a
$ 2.5-million U.S. distribution deal with Arteta and Greenfield.

Fox Searchlight also has a first-look deal with Arteta on his next feature. The
director can breathe a little easier.

"Before Sundance, I had 15 credit cards maxxed out," Arteta says. "I put all my
eggs in one basket and just prayed for the best. What's really gratifying is
that not just us, but all the people, the investors, actors, technicians and
secretaries who put their time and money in the project have all been paid. They
were shocked to get a cheque."

Reviews have generally been glowing. New York Times called Star Maps "a
Californian Midnight Cowboy."

For an encore, Arteta is toying with eight possibilities, from a musical to the
dramatic Ball and Chain, which he has penned with screenwriter Ron
(Philadelphia) Nyswaner.

"If I ever win an Oscar, I'm going to thank my car mechanic," he says. "He
introduced me to (director) Jonathan Demme, who got me work on his film Cousin
Bobby, which resulted in my getting a scholarship to study directing at the
American Film Institute."

But Arteta insists his story is far from over. Stay tuned.


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1997

LENGTH: 854 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Douglas Spain plays young Latino whose dreams of
Hollywood stardom conflict with his pimp father's venality.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            July 31, 2002 Wednesday

Firms master the art of spin;
Corporate America comes under fire for stretching the truth when releasing news

BYLINE: Jessica Guynn CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1318 words


Last fall, Enron Corp. issued a news release touting a 26 percent jump in
third-quarter "recurring" net income and a "strong earnings outlook" while
downplaying $1 billion in losses as a one-time charge. There was just one
problem: An auditor warned the Houston-based energy-trading giant that calling
the loss "nonrecurring" would mislead investors.

That the poster child for corporate venality would play fast and loose with the
facts doesn't come as much of a surprise. What's troubling, say accounting
experts and investment advisers, is how freely the rest of corporate America
stretches the truth.

A growing number of mainstream companies use an array of questionable yet legal
practices to present themselves in the best possible light, they contend. Too
often this kind of corporate spin can mislead unwary investors by making it
tough for them to judge a company's true financial performance.

"Companies are legally manipulating accounting and in general overstating their
prospects to keep the stock price up," said Whitney Tilson, managing partner of
Tilson Capital Partners, a New York-based money-management firm. "Investors have
to be more aware than ever that they may be being sold a false bill of goods or
at least a somewhat inflated bill of goods."

Examples of shenanigans -- which financial-reporting guru Howard Schilit defines
as actions or omissions designed to hide or distort a company's real financial
condition -- include the use of "cookie jar reserves," funds set aside to prop
up future earnings; "round-trip" deals in which companies swap goods but count
the transactions as sales; off-balance-sheet debt that allows companies to
conceal liabilities; "vendor financing," in which companies lend money to
customers to buy their products; and making aggressive assumptions about pension
fund returns.

No wonder investors hesitate to trust the numbers companies disclose in
quarterly and annual press releases and financial statements. "I don't think
investor confidence has ever justifiably been this low based on concerns about
improper financial reporting," said Douglas Carmichael, director of Baruch
College's Center for Financial Integrity.

But it's not just a numbers racket. Companies meticulously craft public
statements to make themselves look as rosy as possible. "If you are skeptical or
not, you are going to be influenced to some degree or another by my spin," said
a public relations manager who wished to remain anonymous.

First off, companies intentionally release good news when they're assured of
getting as much attention as possible, even giving financial analysts and
journalists an advance briefing. At the same time, many save bad news for
Fridays after the stock market closes or the day before a holiday weekend,
hoping they can glide under the radar of public scrutiny.

Then there are the press-release blasters. During the dot-com boom, companies
started churning out daily announcements, many of which didn't contain any real
news. At the time, it was a winning strategy: Announcements about new products
or relationships could send the stock price soaring. In fact, in November 1999,
when online-trading firm Track Data had no news to report, it sent out a press
release announcing it would not send out a press release. "Rest assured we do
not take this lack of news lightly," the company said. "The management team at
Track is continuing to structure deals, identify new business opportunities, and
develop new products."

Companies also gloss over or bury the important news -- or at least make it hard
to find. Financial analysts and journalists learn early on to start reading at
the bottom of a quarterly earnings release. An old trick is to put a sunny
headline on bad news. Procter & Gamble announced in a press release last year an
"Overall Plan to Restore Competitiveness and Growth," not the firing of 9,600
employees.

"You don't put your worst foot forward. That's not the job," a public relations
manager said. "That doesn't mean you are misrepresenting the facts. You just use
multiple different metrics depending on how the quarter turned out. If revenues
tripled, that's your star metric. If you got expenses under control, that's your
star metric."

Corporate America often has trouble telling it like is. Some releases are so
overloaded with pseudo accounting lingo and industry jargon, they are nearly
impossible to decode. A quick search of Business Wire, a commonly used service
to put out press releases, returns hundreds of references to "pro forma"
earnings and "end-to-end solutions." Cisco Systems Inc. took the prize for
corporate obfuscation last year with the phrase "involuntary normal attrition."
Translation: layoffs.

In the Internet era of instant communication in which investors have access to
announcements as soon as they are posted, companies pour millions into their
publicity machines because earnings announcements can drive a stock. But how
accurate or complete a financial picture do they give you?

Sometimes critical information about a company's financial condition is left out
of the press release altogether and only discussed on the conference call with
analysts or reported in SEC documents that companies aren't required to produce
until 45 days after the quarter ends.

The widespread use of pro forma earnings -- the increasingly popular practice of
reporting what the results would have been had it not been for certain expenses
-- makes it harder to compare the company's performance with previous quarters
or to judge its valuation against that of its peers or the rest of the market.
Lynn Turner, the former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the director of the Center for Quality Financial Reporting at
Colorado State University, calls pro forma results "EBS earnings" -- "everything
but the bad stuff." Analysts compound the pro forma problem by using those
results in their estimates. Companies routinely guide analysts to these pro
forma targets -- sometimes issuing one or more warnings in a quarter -- and then
beat them by a penny.

Bottom line, "companies don't do this stuff just for grins," the public
relations manager said. They do it because it works. And it works -- in part --
because financial analysts and journalists are lax, he said. "How many
journalists write up a 10-K (annual report)?"

In most cases, the Wall Street hype machine spins unfettered. Government
regulators on the lookout for fraudulent or manipulative press releases rarely
crack down in a gray area that's tough to police. "Companies market to investors
instead of reporting to investors," the public relations manager said. "Until
Wall Street changes its behavior, companies won't. The punishment for being
clear and concrete on Wall Street is still a tremendous obstacle."

The rash of corporate accounting scandals and subsequent dizzying loss of
investor confidence, not to mention the growing risk of legal liability for
making a misleading statement, have triggered some soul searching in the
public-relations profession, said Mitchell Friedman, a San Francisco
public-relations expert.

"We as a profession need to educate ourselves more about how organizations work
and their actual business," he said. "This is a golden opportunity for PR to be
the conscience of an organization. That often gets lost in the search and the
chase for the ever-elusive dollar."

Crisis in corporate America:

The Times is publishing a weeklong look at the crisis of confidence infecting
corporate America in the wake of accounting scandals and a plunging stock
market. Today we look at how companies can sometimes manipulate information.
Future stories will focus on the psychology behind unethical business behavior
and the role of watchdogs in preventing these crises from occurring again.

Reach Jessica Guynn at 925-952-2671 or jguynn@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

In the end, the B.C. Rail scandal fizzled

BYLINE: Les Leyne, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Les Leyne; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 672  words


Chicago has always had a lot to teach people about corruption. And two
corruption cases -- one here and one in Chicago -- show how behind the times we
are when it comes to dealing with public venality.

In December 2008 -- when the B.C. Rail scandal was marking its fifth anniversary
-- former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich was arrested for trying to benefit
from his power to appoint a senator to replace newly elected President Barack
Obama.

In the space of two months, he was impeached, kicked out of office and barred
from ever running again. He was tarred, feathered and run out of town in less
time than it took to get a B.C. Rail search warrant unsealed.

Here in B.C,. it took more than seven years before a more mundane case of
chicanery involving lower-level functionaries finally reached a strange
conclusion yesterday.

Dave Basi and Bobby Virk abruptly entered guilty pleas, bringing the whole
pathetic exhibition to a mysterious but merciful end.

B.C. taxpayers were played for suckers through those long years. We paid a
special prosecutor to ride herd on the case. We paid the legal bills for the
defendants through much of the case. We paid for appeals of a side issue all the
way to the Supreme Court of Canada. We spent two successive elections in the
dark about the case.

The final bill, if it ever comes to light, will likely be well over $10 million.

All that time and money to register bribery convictions against a couple of
aides who developed grandiose visions of their job descriptions.

They were assistants to two cabinet ministers (Judith Reid in transportation and
Gary Collins in finance) who were deeply involved in the sale of the
government-owned B.C. Rail.

CN Rail was the obvious buyer. But overtures were made to other railways. In the
dealings with those other potential bidders, legal lines were crossed by the
underlings.

The case rolled on for years partly because of suspicions that it wasn't just
the two inconsequential aides who were dirty. It became an article of faith
among defenders of Basi and Virk and the opposition that Liberal politicians
were involved.

When it came time to produce evidence, a staggering amount of time was spent
combing through government archives looking for proof.

It literally took years to get all the evidence together. Lawyers compiled
hundreds of thousands of pages of documents about the railway.

But after all that expensive work, there still isn't a shred of evidence of
criminality against any politicians. There are some tantalizing suggestions
about hangers-on playing self-serving angles. There are interesting insights
into how people were behaving behind the scenes.

But what police said at the outset remains true today -- there is no evidence
any politicians were involved in criminal acts.

As the case emerged. much of the activity seemed to fall into a grey area
between questionable political dealings and outright criminality.

There was enough of the latter to keep the wheels turning for years. But
considering the extraordinary amount of time and money spent on this, it sure
didn't produce much in the way of a conclusion.

Incredibly, people are now demanding we start all over again. The NDP wants a
public inquiry because some showboating lawyers raised questions that haven't
been answered.

Police used wiretaps and search warrants to chase this case as far as they
could. Lawyers with unlimited means at their disposal -- all of it supplied by
us -- spent years compelling production of evidence and examining witnesses.

All they ended up with were some convictions against two aides who had their
hands out.

A public inquiry would suffocate under the weight of all that's gone before.
With the rights witnesses have at such affairs, it would take twice as long to
conclude, with little chance of making much more headway. It would probably cost
as much or more as the case has to date.

The pleas yesterday are a bad punch line to a lame joke. If anyone in Chicago is
paying attention, they're watching with amazement that we put up with this for
so long.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

A case for more government;
Economic Scene

BYLINE: EDUARDO PORTER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1253 words

ABSTRACT

The most promising way to improve America's standard of living, some academics
argue, is to expand the work of government.

FULL TEXT

It may be hard to remember, but Americans once appreciated the government that
serves them. That's long gone.

Over the last six years, according to the Pew Research Center, four out of every
five - or more - have said the government makes them feel either angry or
frustrated. Last March, the ranks of the incensed included 78 percent of Bernie
Sanders's supporters and a whopping 98 percent of those backing Donald J. Trump.

More than half of voters - including 61 percent of Mr. Trump's supporters - feel
they are not keeping up with the rising cost of living. Three-quarters of Mr.
Trump's supporters feel that life for people like them is worse than it was 50
years ago.

Some of this is caused by irreversible forces. The days when white men kept an
uncontested hold on political power, when young adults without a college degree
could easily find a well-paid job, are not coming back.

Yet it's not as if nothing can be done. These frustrated Americans may not fully
realize it, under the influence of decades' worth of sermons about government's
ultimate incompetence and venality. But there's a strong case for more
government - not less - as the most promising way to improve the standard of
living in the United States.

Last month, four academics - Jeff Madrick from the Century Foundation, Jon
Bakija of Williams College, Lane Kenworthy of the University of California, San
Diego, and Peter Lindert of the University of California, Davis - published a
manual of sorts. It is titled ''How Big Should Our Government Be?'' (University
of California Press).

''A national instinct that small government is always better than large
government is grounded not in facts but rather in ideology and politics,'' they
write. The evidence throughout the history of modern capitalism ''shows that
more government can lead to greater security, enhanced opportunity and a fairer
sharing of national wealth.''

The scholars laid out four important tasks: improving the economy's
productivity, bolstering workers' economic security, investing in education to
close the opportunity deficit of low-income families, and ensuring that Middle
America reaps a larger share of the spoils of growth.

Their strategy includes more investment in America's buckling infrastructure and
expanding unemployment and health insurance. It calls for paid sick leave,
parental leave and wage insurance for workers who suffer a pay cut when changing
jobs. And they argue for more resources for poor families with children and for
universal early childhood education.

This agenda won't come cheap. They propose raising government spending by 10
percentage points of America's gross domestic product ($1.8 trillion in today's
dollars), to bring it to some 48 percent of G.D.P. by 2065.

That might sound like a lot of money. But it is roughly where Germany, Norway
and Britain are today. And it is well below government spending in countries
like France, Sweden and Denmark.

This agenda, of course, is more popular among liberals than conservatives.
Economists on the right insist that higher taxes and bigger governments reduce
incentives to work and invest, harming economic growth. In one study, the Nobel
laureate Edward Prescott argued that the higher taxes needed to fund a bigger
government discouraged Europeans from working.

The conservative argument is hardly watertight, though. Another analysis found
the decline in working hours in Europe was mostly because of tight labor market
regulations, not taxes. Yet another suggests Europeans value free time more.
Americans took the fruits of their rising productivity in money. Europeans took
it in free time.

Here are some other things Europeans got from their trade-off: lower poverty
rates, lower income inequality, longer life spans, lower infant mortality rates,
lower teenage pregnancy rates and lower rates of preventable death. And the
coolest part, according to Mr. Lindert - one of the authors of the case for big
government - is that they achieved this ''without any clear loss in G.D.P.''

Even assuming that higher taxes might distort incentives, the authors concluded,
negative effects are offset by positive effects that flow from productive
government investments in things like health, education, infrastructure and
support for mothers to join the labor force.

Europe's reliance on consumption taxes - which are easier to collect and have
fewer negative incentives on work - allowed them to collect more money without
generating the kind of economic drag of the United States' tax structure, which
relies more on income taxes.

Americans have long been more suspicious of a big, centralized government than
Europeans have been, of course. But in recent decades, the United States'
difficult racial divide has played a crucial role in checking the growth of
public services. It is much easier to build support for the welfare state when
taxpayers identify with beneficiaries. In multifarious America, race and other
ethnic barriers stood in the way.

The American government pretty much stopped growing when the civil rights
movement forced whites to share public space with blacks. Tax revenue as a share
of the nation's economic output hit a peak in 1969 that it would not attain
again until 1996, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

But for all the racial subtext to the election this year, times seem to be
changing in unexpected ways.

No, Hillary Clinton has not suddenly become a radical. And Mr. Trump's grab bag
of economic proposals is too self-contradictory to provide a sense of where he
would land.

Yet the popular dissatisfaction that has brought us to this pass, across one of
the most unusual presidential primary seasons in memory, could open new space to
rethink the role of government in society.

Mr. Trump's supporters may not champion welfare. But they mistrust it less than
your orthodox Republican. More of his supporters think the government should do
more to help American families. More think corporate profits are too large. More
think the economy is rigged to help the powerful. Fewer want to cut Social
Security.

The ground is shifting under Democrats, too. In 1994, when President Bill
Clinton was under siege from a Republican revolution about to take over
Congress, 59 percent of Democrats said government was almost always wasteful.
Last year, only 40 percent did. Then, 44 percent of Democrats said the poor had
it too easy. Only 25 percent do today.

This does not mean, of course, that Big Government will get its day. For
starters, small government Republican orthodoxy is likely to prevail in the
House of Representatives for years to come.

Still, a sense of opportunity is in the air. In ''Wealth and Welfare States,''
published during the depths of the Great Recession, Irwin Garfinkel of Columbia
University, Lee Rainwater of Harvard and Timothy Smeeding of the University of
Wisconsin-Madison suggested the United States was ultimately likely to fall into
line with the rest of the advanced industrial world - for the simple reason that
they all face similar challenges.

''Long-term common problems and trends in rich nations are the fundamental
driving forces in the development of welfare state institutions,'' they
concluded. The United States' swing to the right since the 1970s might have
moved it in the opposite direction for a while, but ''all rich nations have
large welfare states.''

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

There's room for yet more government;
Economic Scene

BYLINE: EDUARDO PORTER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1240 words

ABSTRACT

There is a case for more government, not less, as a way to improve America's
standard of living.

FULL TEXT

It may be hard to remember, but Americans once appreciated the government that
serves them. That's long gone.

Over the last six years, according to the Pew Research Center, four of every
five - or more - have said the government makes them feel either angry or
frustrated. Last March, the ranks of the incensed included 78 percent of Bernie
Sanders's supporters and a whopping 98 percent of those backing Donald J. Trump.

More than half of voters - including 61 percent of Mr. Trump's supporters - feel
they are not keeping up with the rising cost of living. Three-quarters of Mr.
Trump's supporters feel that life for people like them is worse than it was 50
years ago.

Some of this is due to irreversible forces. The days when white men kept an
uncontested hold on political power, when young adults without a college degree
could easily find a well-paid job, are not coming back.

Yet it's not as if nothing can be done. These frustrated Americans may not fully
realize it, under the influence of decades worth of sermons about government's
ultimate incompetence and venality. But there's a strong case for more
government - not less - as the most promising way to improve the nation's
standard of living.

Last month, four academics - Jeff Madrick from the Century Foundation, Jon
Bakija of Williams College, Lane Kenworthy of the University of California, San
Diego, and Peter Lindert of the University of California, Davis - published a
manual of sorts. It is titled ''How Big Should Our Government Be?'' (University
of California Press).

''A national instinct that small government is always better than large
government is grounded not in facts but rather in ideology and politics,'' they
write. The evidence throughout the history of modern capitalism, ''shows that
more government can lead to greater security, enhanced opportunity and a fairer
sharing of national wealth.''

The scholars laid out four important tasks: improving the economy's
productivity, bolstering workers' economic security, investing in education to
close the opportunity deficit of low-income families, and ensuring that Middle
America reaps a larger share of the spoils of growth.

Their strategy includes more investment in the nation's buckling infrastructure
and expanding unemployment and health insurance. It calls for paid sick leave,
parental leave and wage insurance for workers who suffer a pay cut when changing
jobs. And they argue for more resources for poor families with children and
universal early childhood education.

This agenda won't come cheap. They propose raising government spending by 10
percentage points of the nation's gross domestic product ($1.8 trillion in
today's dollars), to bring it to some 48 percent of G.D.P. by 2065.

That might sound like a lot of money. But it is roughly where Germany, Norway
and Britain are today. And it is well below government spending in countries
like France, Sweden and Denmark.

This agenda, of course, is more popular among liberals than conservatives.
Economists on the right insist that higher taxes and bigger governments reduce
incentives to work and invest, harming economic growth. In one study, the Nobel
laureate Edward Prescott argued that the higher taxes needed to fund a bigger
government discouraged Europeans from working.

The conservative argument is hardly watertight, though. Another analysis found
the decline in working hours in Europe was mostly because of tight labor market
regulations, not taxes. Yet another suggests Europeans value free time more.
Americans took the fruits of their rising productivity in money. Europeans took
it in free time.

Here are some other things Europeans got from their trade-off: lower poverty
rates, lower income inequality, longer life spans, lower infant mortality rates,
lower teenage pregnancy rates and lower rates of preventable death. And the
coolest part, according to Mr. Lindert - one of the authors of the case for big
government - is that they achieved this ''without any clear loss in G.D.P.''

Even assuming that higher taxes might distort incentives, the authors concluded,
negative effects are offset by positive effects that flow from productive
government investments in things like health, education, infrastructure and
support for mothers to join the labor force.

Europe's reliance on consumption taxes - which are easier to collect and have
fewer negative incentives on work - allowed them to collect more money without
generating the kind of economic drag of the United States' tax structure, which
relies more on income taxes.

Americans have long been more suspicious of a big, centralized government than
Europeans, of course. But in recent decades, the nation's difficult racial
divide has played a crucial role in checking the growth of public services. It
is much easier to build support for the welfare state when taxpayers identify
with beneficiaries. In multifarious America, race and other ethnic barriers
stood in the way.

The American government pretty much stopped growing when the civil rights
movement forced whites to share public space with blacks. Tax revenue as a share
of the nation's economic output hit a peak in 1969 that it would not attain
again until 1996, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

But for all the racial subtext to the election this year, times seem to be
changing in unexpected ways.

No, Hillary Clinton has not suddenly become a radical. And Mr. Trump's grab bag
of economic proposals is too self-contradictory to provide a sense of where he
would land.

Yet the popular dissatisfaction that has brought us to this pass, across one of
the most unusual presidential primary seasons in memory, could open new space to
rethink the role of government in society.

Mr. Trump's supporters may not champion welfare. But they mistrust it less than
your orthodox Republican. More of his supporters think the government should do
more to help American families. More think corporate profits are too large. More
think the economy is rigged to help the powerful. Fewer want to cut Social
Security.

The ground is shifting under Democrats, too. In 1994, when President Bill
Clinton was under siege from a Republican revolution about to take over
Congress, 59 percent of Democrats said government was almost always wasteful.
Last year, only 40 percent did. Then, 44 percent of Democrats said the poor had
it too easy. Only 25 percent do today.

This does not mean of course, that Big Government will get its day. For
starters, small government Republican orthodoxy is likely to prevail in the
House for years to come.

Still, a sense of opportunity is in the air. In ''Wealth and Welfare States,''
published during the depths of the Great Recession, Irwin Garfinkel of Columbia
University, Lee Rainwater of Harvard and Timothy Smeeding of the University of
Madison, Wisconsin, suggested the United States was ultimately likely to fall
into line with the rest of the advanced industrial world - for the simple reason
that they all face similar challenges.

''Long-term common problems and trends in rich nations are the fundamental
driving forces in the development of welfare state institutions,'' they
concluded. The United States' swing to the right since the 1970s might have
moved it in the opposite direction for a while, but ''all rich nations have
large welfare states.''

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Case for More Government, Not Less

BYLINE: By EDUARDO PORTER.

Email: eporter@nytimes.com; Twitter: @portereduardo

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; ECONOMIC SCENE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1235 words


It may be hard to remember, but Americans once appreciated the government that
serves them. That's long gone.

Over the last six years, according to the Pew Research Center, four out of every
five -- or more -- have said the government makes them  feel either angry or
frustrated. Last March, the ranks of the incensed included 78 percent of Bernie
Sanders's supporters and a whopping 98 percent of those backing Donald J. Trump.

More than half of voters -- including 61 percent of Mr. Trump's supporters --
feel they are not keeping up with the rising cost of living. Three-quarters of
Mr. Trump's supporters feel that life for people like them is worse than it was
50 years ago.

Some of this is caused by irreversible forces. The days when white men kept an
uncontested hold on political power, when young adults without a college degree
could easily find a well-paid job, are not coming back.

Yet it's not as if nothing can be done. These frustrated Americans may not fully
realize it, under the influence of decades worth of sermons about government's
ultimate incompetence and venality. But there's a strong case for more
government -- not less -- as the most promising way to improve the nation's
standard of living.

Last month, four academics -- Jeff Madrick from the Century Foundation, Jon
Bakija of Williams College, Lane Kenworthy of the University of California, San
Diego, and Peter Lindert of the University of California, Davis -- published a
manual of sorts. It is titled ''How Big Should Our Government Be?'' (University
of California Press).

''A national instinct that small government is always better than large
government is grounded not in facts but rather in ideology and politics,'' they
write. The evidence throughout the history of modern capitalism ''shows that
more government can lead to greater security, enhanced opportunity and a fairer
sharing of national wealth.''

The scholars laid out four important tasks: improving the economy's
productivity, bolstering workers' economic security, investing in education to
close the opportunity deficit of low-income families, and ensuring that Middle
America reaps a larger share of the spoils of growth.

Their strategy includes more investment in the nation's buckling infrastructure
and expanding unemployment and health insurance. It calls for paid sick leave,
parental leave and wage insurance for workers who suffer a pay cut when changing
jobs. And they argue for more resources for poor families with children and for
universal early childhood education.

This agenda won't come cheap. They propose raising government spending by 10
percentage points of the nation's gross domestic product ($1.8 trillion in
today's dollars), to bring it to some 48 percent of G.D.P. by 2065.

That might sound like a lot of money. But it is roughly where Germany, Norway
and Britain are today. And it is well below government spending in countries
like France, Sweden and Denmark.

This agenda, of course, is more popular among liberals than conservatives.
Economists on the right insist that higher taxes and bigger governments reduce
incentives to work and invest, harming economic growth. In one study, the Nobel
laureate Edward Prescott argued that the higher taxes needed to fund a bigger
government discouraged Europeans from working.

The conservative argument is hardly watertight, though. Another analysis found
the decline in working hours in Europe was mostly because of tight labor market
regulations, not taxes. Yet another suggests Europeans value free time more.
Americans took the fruits of their rising productivity in money. Europeans took
it in free time.

Here are some other things Europeans got from their trade-off: lower poverty
rates, lower income inequality, longer life spans, lower infant mortality rates,
lower teenage pregnancy rates and lower rates of preventable death. And the
coolest part, according to Mr. Lindert -- one of the authors of the case for big
government -- is that they achieved this ''without any clear loss in G.D.P.''

Even assuming that higher taxes might distort incentives, the authors concluded,
negative effects are offset by positive effects that flow from productive
government investments in things like health, education, infrastructure and
support for mothers to join the labor force.

Europe's reliance on consumption taxes -- which are easier to collect and have
fewer negative incentives on work -- allowed them to collect more money without
generating the kind of economic drag of the United States' tax structure, which
relies more on income taxes.

Americans have long been more suspicious of a big, centralized government than
Europeans have been, of course. But in recent decades, the nation's difficult
racial divide has played a crucial role in checking the growth of public
services. It is much easier to build support for the welfare state when
taxpayers identify with beneficiaries. In multifarious America, race and other
ethnic barriers stood in the way.

The American government pretty much stopped growing when the civil rights
movement forced whites to share public space with blacks. Tax revenue as a share
of the nation's economic output hit a peak in 1969 that it would not attain
again until 1996, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

But for all the racial subtext to the election this year, times seem to be
changing in unexpected ways.

No, Hillary Clinton has not suddenly become a radical. And Mr. Trump's grab bag
of economic proposals is too self-contradictory to provide a sense of where he
would land.

Yet the popular dissatisfaction that has brought us to this pass, across one of
the most unusual presidential primary seasons in memory, could open new space to
rethink the role of government in society.

Mr. Trump's supporters may not champion welfare. But they mistrust it less than
your orthodox Republican. More of his supporters think the government should do
more to help American families. More think corporate profits are too large. More
think the economy is rigged to help the powerful. Fewer want to cut Social
Security.

The ground is shifting under Democrats, too. In 1994, when President Bill
Clinton was under siege from a Republican revolution about to take over
Congress, 59 percent of Democrats said government was almost always wasteful.
Last year, only 40 percent did. Then, 44 percent of Democrats said the poor had
it too easy. Only 25 percent do today.

This does not mean, of course, that Big Government will get its day. For
starters, small government Republican orthodoxy is likely to prevail in the
House for years to come.

Still, a sense of opportunity is in the air. In ''Wealth and Welfare States,''
published during the depths of the Great Recession, Irwin Garfinkel of Columbia
University, Lee Rainwater of Harvard and Timothy Smeeding of the University of
Wisconsin-Madison suggested the United States was ultimately likely to fall into
line with the rest of the advanced industrial world -- for the simple reason
that they all face similar challenges.

''Long-term common problems and trends in rich nations are the fundamental
driving forces in the development of welfare state institutions,'' they
concluded. The United States' swing to the right since the 1970s might have
moved it in the opposite direction for a while, but ''all rich nations have
large welfare states.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/03/business/economy/rethinking-the-role-of-govern
ment-in-society.html

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Supporters of Donald J. Trump at a recent rally. Research shows
that three-quarters of Mr. Trump's supporters feel that life for people like
them is worse than it was 50 years ago. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM LO SCALZO/EUROPEAN
PRESSPHOTO AGENCY) (B5) CHART: Growth and Government: Despite arguments that Big
Government hinders economic activity, many countries where government has grown
the most have also experienced stronger economic growth. (Source: Jon Bakija,
Lane Kenworthy, Peter Lindert and Jeff Madrick, ''How Big Should Our Government
Be?'') (B5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              179 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                        August 2, 2016 Tuesday 00:00 EST

The Case for More Government and Higher Taxes;
Economic Scene

BYLINE: EDUARDO PORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; economy

LENGTH: 1362 words



HIGHLIGHT: The most promising way to improve the nation's standard of living,
some academics argue, is to expand the work of government.


Correction Appended

It may be hard to remember, but Americans once appreciated the government that
serves them. That's long gone.

Over the last six years, according to the Pew Research Center, four out of every
five - or more - have said the government makes them feel either angry or
frustrated. Last March, the ranks of the incensed included 78 percent of Bernie
Sanders's supporters and a whopping 98 percent of those backing Donald J. Trump.

More than half of voters - including 61 percent of Mr. Trump's supporters - feel
they are not keeping up with the rising cost of living. Three-quarters of Mr.
Trump's supporters feel that life for people like them is worse than it was 50
years ago.

Some of this is caused by irreversible forces. The days when white men kept an
uncontested hold on political power, when young adults without a college degree
could easily find a well-paid job, are not coming back.

Yet it's not as if nothing can be done. These frustrated Americans may not fully
realize it, under the influence of decades worth of sermons about government's
ultimate incompetence and venality. But there's a strong case for more
government - not less - as the most promising way to improve the nation's
standard of living.

Last month, four academics - Jeff Madrick from the Century Foundation, Jon
Bakija of Williams College, Lane Kenworthy of the University of California, San
Diego, and Peter Lindert of the University of California, Davis - published a
manual of sorts. It is titled "How Big Should Our Government Be?" (University of
California Press).

"A national instinct that small government is always better than large
government is grounded not in facts but rather in ideology and politics," they
write. The evidence throughout the history of modern capitalism "shows that more
government can lead to greater security, enhanced opportunity and a fairer
sharing of national wealth."

The scholars laid out four important tasks: improving the economy's
productivity, bolstering workers' economic security, investing in education to
close the opportunity deficit of low-income families, and ensuring that Middle
America reaps a larger share of the spoils of growth.

Their strategy includes more investment in the nation's buckling infrastructure
and expanding unemployment and health insurance. It calls for paid sick leave,
parental leave and wage insurance for workers who suffer a pay cut when changing
jobs. And they argue for more resources for poor families with children and for
universal early childhood education.

This agenda won't come cheap. They propose raising government spending by 10
percentage points of the nation's gross domestic product ($1.8 trillion in
today's dollars), to bring it to some 48 percent of G.D.P. by 2065.

That might sound like a lot of money. But it is roughly where Germany, Norway
and Britain are today. And it is well below government spending in countries
like France, Sweden and Denmark.

This agenda, of course, is more popular among liberals than conservatives.
Economists on the right insist that higher taxes and bigger governments reduce
incentives to work and invest, harming economic growth. In one study, the Nobel
laureate Edward Prescott argued that the higher taxes needed to fund a bigger
government discouraged Europeans from working.

The conservative argument is hardly watertight, though. Another analysis found
the decline in working hours in Europe was mostly because of tight labor market
regulations, not taxes. Yet another suggests Europeans value free time more.
Americans took the fruits of their rising productivity in money. Europeans took
it in free time.

Here are some other things Europeans got from their trade-off: lower poverty
rates, lower income inequality, longer life spans, lower infant mortality rates,
lower teenage pregnancy rates and lower rates of preventable death. And the
coolest part, according to Mr. Lindert - one of the authors of the case for big
government - is that they achieved this "without any clear loss in G.D.P."

Even assuming that higher taxes might distort incentives, the authors concluded,
negative effects are offset by positive effects that flow from productive
government investments in things like health, education, infrastructure and
support for mothers to join the labor force.

Europe's reliance on consumption taxes - which are easier to collect and have
fewer negative incentives on work - allowed them to collect more money without
generating the kind of economic drag of the United States' tax structure, which
relies more on income taxes.

Americans have long been more suspicious of a big, centralized government than
Europeans have been, of course. But in recent decades, the nation's difficult
racial divide has played a crucial role in checking the growth of public
services. It is much easier to build support for the welfare state when
taxpayers identify with beneficiaries. In multifarious America, race and other
ethnic barriers stood in the way.

The American government pretty much stopped growing when the civil rights
movement forced whites to share public space with blacks. Tax revenue as a share
of the nation's economic output hit a peak in 1969 that it would not attain
again until 1996, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.

But for all the racial subtext to the election this year, times seem to be
changing in unexpected ways.

No, Hillary Clinton has not suddenly become a radical. And Mr. Trump's grab bag
of economic proposals is too self-contradictory to provide a sense of where he
would land.

Yet the popular dissatisfaction that has brought us to this pass, across one of
the most unusual presidential primary seasons in memory, could open new space to
rethink the role of government in society.

Mr. Trump's supporters may not champion welfare. But they mistrust it less than
your orthodox Republican. More of his supporters think the government should do
more to help American families. More think corporate profits are too large. More
think the economy is rigged to help the powerful. Fewer want to cut Social
Security.

The ground is shifting under Democrats, too. In 1994, when President Bill
Clinton was under siege from a Republican revolution about to take over
Congress, 59 percent of Democrats said government was almost always wasteful.
Last year, only 40 percent did. Then, 44 percent of Democrats said the poor had
it too easy. Only 25 percent do today.

This does not mean, of course, that Big Government will get its day. For
starters, small government Republican orthodoxy is likely to prevail in the
House for years to come.

Still, a sense of opportunity is in the air. In "Wealth and Welfare States,"
published during the depths of the Great Recession, Irwin Garfinkel of Columbia
University, Lee Rainwater of Harvard and Timothy Smeeding of the University of
Wisconsin-Madison suggested the United States was ultimately likely to fall into
line with the rest of the advanced industrial world - for the simple reason that
they all face similar challenges.

"Long-term common problems and trends in rich nations are the fundamental
driving forces in the development of welfare state institutions," they
concluded. The United States' swing to the right since the 1970s might have
moved it in the opposite direction for a while, but "all rich nations have large
welfare states."

Email: eporter@nytimes.com; Twitter: @portereduardo


Correction: August 2, 2016, Tuesday

An earlier version of this article misstated the name of the college where
Timothy Smeeding works. It is the University of Wisconsin-Madison, not the
University of Madison Wisconsin.

PHOTO: Supporters of Donald J. Trump at a recent rally. Research shows that
three-quarters of Mr. Trump's supporters feel that life for people like them is
worse than it was 50 years ago. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM LO SCALZO/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO
AGENCY) (B5)
 CHART: Growth and Government: Despite arguments that Big Government hinders
economic activity, many countries where government has grown the most have also
experienced stronger economic growth. (Source: Jon Bakija, Lane Kenworthy, Peter
Lindert and Jeff Madrick, "How Big Should Our Government Be?") (B5)

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Oxford Times

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Parky at the Pictures (In Cinemas 9/7/2015)

BYLINE: Parky at the Pictures

SECTION: BLOGS

LENGTH: 1283 words


Returning for another biennial tour of the United Kingdom, Made in Prague will
being best of recent Czech cinema to venues across the country between 7 July
and 17 September. Sponsored by the Czech Centre London, Czech Film Centre and
Picturehouse Cinemas, the programme will visit 24 cinemas in 15 cities,
including The Phoenix on Walton Street.

Ironically, the biggest name on view is Polish director Agnieszka Holland, who
draws on her own experiences while studying at the FAMU film school for Burning
Bush, which recalls the consequences of Prague student Jan Palach setting light
to himself on Wenceslas Square in January 1969. Scripted by Stepan Hulik, this
epic recreation centres on the efforts of Palach's mother Libuse (Jaroslava
Pokorna) and brother Jiri (Petr Stach) to sue MP Vilem Novy (Martin Huba) for
libel after he claimed the self-immolation was an insignificant part of a
trumped-up conspiracy. The case also has profound effects on lawyer Dagmar
Buresova (Tatiana Pauhofova) and her doctor husband, Radim (Jan Budar), as well
as her boss Vladimir Charouz (Adrian Jastraban) and his activist daughter Vladka
(Jenovefa Bokova). Even Palach's friend, Hana Cízková (Emma Smetana), is
blackmailed into appearing on television to assert that his dying words had
urged no one to follow his example.

Presiding magistrate Reznícková (Ivana Uhlirova) appeared to have been
instructed to reach a predetermined judgement and the ways in which coercion
were employed in Czechoslovakia are further exposed in all their vicious
venality in Andrea Sedlácková's third feature, Fair Play, which is set in
Czechoslovakia in the run up to the 1984 Olympic Games. Budding sprinter Judit
Bárdos has great hopes of competing in Los Angeles. But, as her mother, former
tennis champion Anna Geislerová, supported the Prague Spring, she is forbidden
from having any involvement in elite sport. Geislerová wants Bárdos to be able
to compete with team-mate Eva Josefíková and seize her chance to make a fresh
start in the West. But she is distracted by dissident Roman Zach's request to
produce some samizdat tracts that could land them all in trouble. Moreover, with
her husband already in exile, Geislerová also has to decide whether to consent
to her daughter taking steroids after Bárdos learns of their potential risks
from boyfriend Ondrej Novák.

This would be a good moment to mention Gottland, a Czech-Polish-Slovakian
co-production is not in the touring programme, but was recently screened by the
Czech Centre and is worth keeping an eye out for in the future. This ambitious
picture sees five young film-makers, Lukás Kokes, Petr Hátle, Viera Èákanyová,
Rozálie Kohoutová, Klára Tasovská and Radovan Síbrt (who share the directing
credit) seek out author Mariusz Szczygiel to ask his advice on how best to adapt
the quintet of factual stories he chronicled in his bestseller, Gottland: Mostly
True Stories from Half of Czechoslovakia, which centre on Lida Baarova, the
actress who became the mistress of Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels; Tomas
Bata, the despotic founder of a footwear empire who ruled over his own Orwellian
town; Otokar Svec, the sculptor who committed suicide before completing the
world's biggest statue of Stalin; Lenka Reinerova, the writer whose 15 months in
solitary confinement never officially happened; and Zdenek Adamec, the 19
year-old student who emulated Jan Palach by setting light to himself in a 2003
protest against the Velvet Revolution's failure to bring about democracy and
equality.

Martin Dusek continues the documentary theme in Into the Clouds We Gaze, which
heads into Northern Bohemia to meet Ráda, who spends his days driving around in
his battered Ford Escort looking for work and his nights seeking glory at the
various `tuning' competitions that provide petrolheads with a brief respite from
the socio-economic realities of an area whose younger generation is under
pressure from right-wing extremists to place the blame for their problems on the
Roma population.

Switching regions, Tatiana Vilhelmová finds herself caught between two men in
Miroslav Krobot's debut, Nowhere in Moravia, as she seeks solace from running a
pub in a backwater village with sister Lenka Krobotová and their domineering
mother, Johanna Tesarová, by sleeping with both lothario roofer Lukás Latinák
and indecisive mayor Ivan Trojan. However, she is not alone in being free with
her favours (she also has the odd fumble with gravedigger Jaroslav Plesl), as
hard-drinking Simona Babcáková leads an equally promiscuous existence in the
forest with husband Hynek Cermák and brother David Novotný.

Finally, Jan Hrebejk completes a trilogy about the sins of the past that he
started with Kawasaki's Rose (2009) and Innocence (2011). At the outset,
Honeymoon feels like a domestic dramedy centred around the wedding of pregnant
Anna Geislerová and Stanislav Majer, who are both seeking happiness for the
second time after her first marriage left her emotionally scarred and his left
him to raise 13 year-old son Matej Zikán. But a shadow is cast over the happy
day planned in the idyllic grounds of her parents' rural retreat in Southern
Bohemia when an uninvited guest outstays his welcome.

Ironically, had Zikán's not broken his glasses, Geislerová and Majer could have
made their fresh start without a hitch. But optician Jirí Cerný recognises Majer
and follows him into the church where he is exchanging his views. He also tags
along as the party makes its way to the marquee and, even though he is hardly
dressed suitably for the occasion, he is feted by all and sundry and commended
for the easy way in which he plays with the children. But Geislerová senses that
Majer is uneasy and it becomes even more apparent that they have a connection
when Cerný presents the bride and groom with an urn of ashes.

Majer forcibly escorts the stranger off the premises and he reassures
Geislerová's strident younger sister Kristýna Nováková and her milquetoast
spouse David Maj that everything is under control. But, while the guests dance
and drink into the small hours, Cerný returns and he asks Geislerová for 10
minutes of her time so that she can know the truth about her new husband. She is
appalled to learn that Majer and his mates were responsible for bullying Cerný
and his gay friend so ferociously at school that the latter jumped to his death.
Yet, when Geislerová confronts Majer with the revelation, he insists that Cerný
and his pal were sneak thieves who got what was coming to them after they
snitched to the teachers.

As Majer struggles to convince Geislerová that he is not a homophobe who
tortured an innocent man into taking his own life, Cerný invites Zikán to see
his dark room. But the attempt by Hrebejk and screenwriter Petr Jarchovský to
tease the audience into believing that Cerný is about to exact some predatory
revenge is entirely misjudged and rather deflects attention from Geislerová's
agonising realisation that she had no idea about his violent streak when she
promised to love him for better or worse.

This idea that one can never truly know even those closest to us is sobering in
the extreme and Hrebejk and Jarchovský deftly set it off against the notions of
trauma, guilt and forgiveness. But the precision of Martin Strba's visuals and
Alois Fisárek's editing gives the impression that the audience is being
manipulated and, to a certain degree, misled. Thus, while this is always
compelling, it also feels a touch too calculated. Nevertheless, Geislerová (in
her fourth film with Hrebejk) is typically superb and those familiar with
Garbage, the City and Death will be amused by the contrasting roles that Majer
and Cerný take in each film.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       June 4, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

JOHN JACOBS EMBRACED BOTH POLITICS AND PEOPLE

BYLINE: Peter Schrag

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 899 words


IT WAS IMPOSSIBLE to walk anywhere near the Capitol last week, or indeed
anywhere in downtown Sacramento, without being approached by people, some of
them total strangers, who wanted to talk about the death of political writer
John Jacobs.

Many had never met him, although they felt they knew him, regarded him as a
friend. That may seem strange for a journalist who, until he wrote about his
fight against what turned out to be his final illness, rarely talked about
himself and, unlike so much in fashion these days, refused to make himself an
issue. Some were surprised that he'd been at the Ssacramento Bee for only seven
years. He had become an institution.

What they knew about him what all of us knew was John's deep commitment to the
vision of a good society and the central importance of politics in its pursuit.
He understood politics, knew its flaws and follies, its moments of venality, all
of which would have made it easy to be dismissive and cynical. But that he never
was.

He never gave in to the facile know-it-all dismissal of all politicians as
crooks or of politics as dirty business. "He embraced politics," said a friend,
"because he embraced people."

John's greatest piece of political writing, "A Rage for Justice," his monumental
biography of Phil Burton, a complex and often flawed man, grew out of that
sensibility. In part it reflected John's deep belief and Burton's that politics'
noblest service was to those who through no fault of their own get the smallest
shares in society: workers without pensions or health care, children, the poor,
the victims of abuse and discrimination.

Burton played hardball politics, but "a rage for justice" was justification
enough.

But in the end, it was also a celebration of politics as the only instrument
democracy has to conduct its business and achieve its goals.

The book, like so much of John's journalism, was in some respects the other side
of the old canard that if one wants to maintain a regard for law or sausages,
one should never learn how either is made.

John, as another of his friends said, "adored the muck" of politics. But he
understood that out of an imperfect process, replete with arm-twisting, great
things can be achieved: benefits (in Burton's case) for victims of black lung
disease; safety for coal miners; great additions to the national parks.

John loved the process. He defended it both against ideological extremists and
what he regarded as crackpot fixes and gimmick "reforms": term limits, blanket
primaries, supermajority taxation requirements, the whole string of attempts to
de-politicize politics or turn it into a kind of servo-mechanism that would run
without human intervention. He knew that idea was nuts.

And of course he admired the smart, thoughtful practitioners regardless of
party, a point he made again in a column last December published just a few days
before he got the terrible news that his melanoma was back. The piece dealt with
the political savvy of Jim Brulte, now the Republican leader in the state
Senate, in pulling the state GOP out of the ideological pit into which its
religious right had dragged it during and just after the disastrous 1998
election. "In what can perhaps be described as a partially friendly takeover,"
he said in that December column, "Brulte, the most pragmatic and politically
savvy Republican in California, has wrested control away from the current
leadership and begun to set the party on a more intelligent course."

John was, in some respects, an old-fashioned liberal, but he had unqualified
admiration for people such as Brulte, regardless of party.

He knew that when one party fatally marginalized itself, the whole political
process was compromised.

When "A Rage for Justice" was published five years ago, there was a book party
in Sacramento that itself became a telling illustration of the spirit of the
book and its author. The event drew some of the great legislative figures of the
Burton era, Republicans and Democrats. Among them were former Assemblymen John
Knox, John Foran and Bill Bagley, now a regent of the University of California;
former speaker Bob Monagan; and, of course, Phil's brother, John, now the
president pro tem of the Senate.

Across the street, in what might have been the height of the era of bad feelings
at the Capitol, people were carving each other up in one of the ugliest
stretches of ideological bitterness that California had ever experienced.

But among these old pols, who had often been on opposite sides ofthe great
issues of their time, there was an affection and sense of collegiality that
spoke eloquently about what politics could be.

Considering John's deep respect for the system, it was hardly surprising that,
in addition to his great network of long and deep personal friendships, he had
so many friends who had never met him.

He was not only a wise and honest journalist, but also a consistent defender of
our constitutional process, thus a true conservative. John knew his main
function was not to change minds, much less harangue readers, but to inform,
explain, analyze, to separate the important from the trivial, something he did
not only in print but unfailingly and consistently with his colleagues.

Because of John Jacobs, the whole tenor of our public discourse was a little
wiser, a bit nobler.

Schrag writes for the Sacramento Bee.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                            January 12, 1992, Monday

In The Land Of The Red Monster

BYLINE: Daren Johnson; Special to The Daily Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 841 words


AN AMERICAN ENGINEER IN STALIN'S RUSSIA; The Memoirs of Zara Witkin, 1932-1934

University of California Press. 363 pp. $29.95.

A nation of incompetents kept working only at the point of a bayonet. That was
the Soviet Union that Zara Witkin saw in the 1930s. For those who feel that the
remanents of the now defunct Soviet Union have some chance to escape from a
cyclic history of chaos and dictatorship, Witkin's memoirs make for pessimistic
reading.

Witkin was born in 1900 to a family of Jews who had emigrated to America from
Russia. A brilliant engineer, he became disgusted by the venality of American
capitalism and fired by enthusiasm for the new hope represented by Soviet
communism and left California for the Soviet Union in 1932.

But another motive for his decision was a young Russian actress by the name of
Emma Cessarskaya. Witkin first saw her in a Soviet film playing in Los Angeles
and became so obsessed with the popular, dark screen star that he saw the film
seven more times before finally departing for the Soviet Union to seek her out
and offer his expertise to Soviet industry.

His quest for Emma, though, quickly becomes a minor counterpoint to the major
theme of his struggles with Soviet bureaucracy, a gothic horror story of
back-stabbing and bungling. The Soviet worker comes across as apathetic and
ignorant, but the Soviet bureaucrat is depicted as a cowering liar roused from
slumber only when discovery of his mistakes sends him scrambling to find
somebody else to blame.

The nightmare begins long before Witkin reaches the construction site. Bad
trains, incompetent guides and swindling hotel managers finally drive him in
indignation to the office of Intourist, where his complaints are met with
sneering contempt. That is, until he threatens to publicize his experiences in
the Western media, at which point the office moves to appease him with a refund.

Witkin goes to work as a consultant to the Soviet construction industry, whose
hallowed traditions, he found, were abysmal workmanship, archaic techniques and
botched planning. He routinely finds equipment left exposed to the elements and
infuriates workers with repeated demands that bad work be demolished and done
again.

The central story is the problem of the interlocking blocks. This was a scheme
Witkin developed for rationalizing prefabricated housing components, offering
advantages in standardization and structural strength. Witkin referred the plan
to Soyuzstroi, the All-Union Construction Trust. Already antagonized by Witkin's
criticism and loathing this new interference, the organization expertly entombs
his plan at an institute in Leningrad, and when he repeatedly presses for
action, reveals a genius for obfuscation and procrastination that bureaucrats
today can only envy.

But Witkin finds an ally in an Izvestia journalist making a career out of
exposing bureaucratic sloth. The man coaxes from Witkin a "letter" to Stalin
which becomes a public expose of the entire charade. The most memorable scene in
the book then follows. At a conference called to investigate the delay, after a
lengthy softsoaping by the officials, a strange uniformed man with deadly eyes
interrupts. "Our foreign comrade does not understand our Russian ways. He thinks
he must work quickly... He cannot see why we should waste six months doing
nothing... But we know our Russian ways... and we known how to deal with them!"
The man, of course, belongs to the secret police. The Soyuzstroi administrators,
Witkin recalls, "had turned ghastly pale." Activity accelerates after this, but
when the eyes of the terror machine are diverted elsewhere, Witkin's plan is
slowly asphyxiated again.

So exasperating is Witkin's struggle that the secret police almost emerge as
heros, great men of action fighting a bloated, many-headed monster. If Witkin is
to be believed, the "sabotage" for which Stalin butchered millions was real--not
as counterrevolutionary violence, but as the result of apathy and the subversion
of innovation that the communist system made inevitable. Perhaps the most
classic example is a factory Witkin cites that was celebrated for producing
20,000 units over its quota of 50,000. It later emerges that the directors had
misrepresented its capacity, winning laurels for surpluses when in fact they
were producing 30 percent less than what they should have been.

Witkin finally meets his beloved Emma through a chance acquaintance. Their brief
relationship is quickly shaken by political currents and despite his efforts,
she drifts away from him. He leaves the Soviet Union after two years, exhausted
by the battle with Soyuzstroi, and dies not long after at an early age.

His memories are a sort of economic version of Orwell's Animal Farm, with many
squalid anecdotes leavened by interesting bits of trivia. Except for a couple of
florid moments, mainly concerning Emma, his prose is inappropriately stoic when
set against the dim, black backdrop of the great famine and the beginning of
Stalin's purges.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1992 The Daily Yomiuri


                              183 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 14, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

New Problem With the Press: Attitude in Print

SECTION: Section 4; Page 14; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 108 words



To the Editor:

Maureen Dowd (column, June 10) is right that the photographs of Monica S.
Lewinsky in Vanity Fair are pathetic and a kind of pornography. But Ms. Dowd's
assignment of blame to Ms. Lewinsky, her lawyers and her parents is odd; they
may be foolish and hypocritical, but they are not the pornographers. Vanity Fair
is.

Somebody at the magazine assigned the piece. He or she wasn't forced to do so.
The sad and moronic nature of the Lewinsky clan would not be on view were it not
for the far greater venality and money lust of the owners and editors of Vanity
Fair.

DANIEL CANTOR
Ann Arbor, Mich., June 10, 1998


LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              184 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    September 30, 2003 Tuesday CITY EDITION

EVEN WITH HANDOUTS, ENERGY BILL STILL STINKS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 425 words


What oinks and has its head on backward? The federal energy bill emerging from
plutocrat-manipulated conference dirty dealing to reconcile two bad bills to
make a worse one. As conference leaders, Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., and Rep.
Billy Tauzin, R-La., have been abusing the conference system, picking and
choosing items to exclude -- and more outrageous -- to include in this pulled
pork feast of subsidies and regulatory sidesteps for the fossil-fuel industries.

The acid test of venality in these dealings is the fact that permission to drill
for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge remains in the conference version
despite the Senate's emphatic "no" to this folly in its bill. Now, with a
filibuster threat hanging over this exercise on behalf of the extractors and
public-lands foes, Domenici is dipping into that old pork barrel to heap more
state-specific projects into a bill that already hands out $18 billion in
subsidies, tilted heavily toward fossil-fuel interests.

One of those handouts is $800 million in federal loan guarantees to build a
coal-gasification power plant in Hoyt Lakes, Minn. The offer to Sen. Norm
Coleman, one of the few Republicans who opposes drilling in ANWR, apparently is
a tempting one to sway his vote for the whole bill, although on Monday his
spokesman said Coleman still considers the issue of ANWR a distraction from the
central tasks of energy policy-setting. Similar enticements for senators of
other states are appearing in the last-minute grub for votes to make the whole
energy bill filibuster-proof in a reluctant Senate. And at a billion here and a
billion there, pretty soon the already $500 billion deficit gets substantially
larger and the energy policy future more problematic -- except for the
fossil-fuel guys who make a killing.

There are parts of this energy bill that meet the need for a forward-looking
approach, supporting renewable fuels, conservation and technology innovation. In
the Upper Midwest, cold and at the mercy of others for oil and gas, the
conservation and alternatives tactics are of utmost importance. All the senators
in the region know that and have been keen backers of increasing homegrown
fuels.

The federal energy bill, a greased pig waddling to the finish line, stinks. It
is too much to hope that it won't pass. At least the Senate should retain its
good sense and say no to drilling in ANWR and ordinary citizens should remember
the energy bill fiasco, say, when filling the tank in the family van or paying
the heating bills.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 23, 2006 Thursday

Is the entire state for sale?

LENGTH: 91 words


You can have anything in this world for money. That's the new slogan for the
Utah Jazz, written in radioactive ink all over the former Delta Center by its
owner, Mr. Venality himself, Larry Miller.

So long as EnergySolutions' name is on the building, I'll never step inside it
or near it. And I hope other lovers of Utah will express their outrage at the
building's name change by holding a season-ticket bonfire in front of Salt
Lake's newest monument to the fact our entire state is for sale to the highest
bidder. Ed Firmage Jr. Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              186 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                             October 2, 1988 Sunday

NO CHEATS PLEASE, WE'RE GOOD SPORTS

SOURCE: QNP

LENGTH: 666 words


No cheats please, we're good sports T HE Olympics somehow seem fated: the end of
each Olympiad seems to produce a Games tarnished in some way or another by
venality, frailty, or even more murderous traits of the human race.

At Munich in 1972, Palestinian criminals attacked the Israeli contingent to the
Games, with fatal results not only for themselves and their immediate victims,
but in the longer term for communal trust.

Montreal, in 1976, was a clear run _ in the safely insulated atmosphere of
Canada, though the Parti Quebecois wanted otherwise _ and was perhaps an early
indication that if the Games are ever to be conducted in safety and security,
they need to be in a venue where the wilder reaches of international politics do
not penetrate.

Moscow in 1980 was blighted again, this time over the Soviet invasion of
Afghanistan; yet another political issue, an area which most people agree sport
should not enter. Boycott there was, nevertheless, led by a newly Reaganesque
America with its perceived need to hit out at the ""evil empire" in Moscow and
the underlying requirement to demonstrate strength in the sapping aftermath of
its own war adventure in Vietnam.

Los Angeles, four years later, was bedevilled by politics too, and surrounded by
the sort of privatised schmalz only the American free enterprise system can
produce, and so close to Hollywood too.

Now, the 1988 Games look set to go down in history as the ones at which the
problem of drugs in sport was first squarely confronted.

Last Sunday, The Sunday Mail recorded its congratulations to Canada's Ben
Johnson for his unbeatable world record in the men's 100m sprint. We were too
quick off the mark: two days later, the glister of gold turned to cold ashes,
with the shocking revelation that he had been assisted by steroid treatment. His
achievement wasn't proud, but a shameless sham. Johnson who _ rightly _ has been
publicly humiliated, did not win fair and square, as sportsmen and women are
supposed to, but with the help of medication.

Not only his running shoes were spiked. So were his preparations.

But Johnson, surely, is but the tip of the iceberg.

Johnson was found out. And he has paid the price: humiliation and loss of future
earnings whose total makes most people's lifetime salaries look pretty sick.
Others, too, have been identified under the new, much stricter, Olympic drug
testing rules. They, as much as Johnson, are guilty of sham and stand condemned.

There is a wealth of difference between striving for super fitness, for the
genuine winning margin, and lying and cheating your way to greatness.

But some good many come out of Seoul's bitterness. Sport is there to be enjoyed,
by participants and spectators alike, and every day there are examples around us
which demonstrate how much we _ the world _ have lost the taste for clean
competition in a giddy quest for gold, hard currency, soft loans, and
super-hype.

In the aftermath, in the soul searching that must follow the 1988 Games, perhaps
the lessons of the disaster that has befallen the pinnacle of internatioal sport
will trickle down. Perhaps we will read the signs that now litter the
international athletics circuit, and decide to play the game a little
straighter.

There is a political precedent, after all. Electorates around the world are
becoming more conservative, partly because of the greying of many advanced
societies, but mostly, one suspects, because we have all had enough of shonky
deals and misreading freedom to mean licence.

We have no licence to cheat. Cheating is the antithesis of everything societies
around the globe should aim at. There is no glory in national endeavor if the
high ground is won by the team with the bigger money and better drugs.

That lesson applies not only to sport, but also to life in general _ across the
spectrum.

The lesson is: to be good, you've got to be good. It's no good just having the
biggest mouth, the fattest wallet, or the slimmest conscience.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              187 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 21, 1988, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

DEFENCE SCANDAL COULD HURT BUSH: Wright's woes aid Republican counter-attack

BYLINE: Sue Baker Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 13, ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The massive Pentagon bribery and corruption scandal has cast a new cloud over
the waning months of a Reagan administration plagued by official misconduct and
illegalities.

The scandal involving defence contracting abuses could fuel Democratic charges
of an unprecedented government ''sleaze factor'' under President Ronald Reagan.

Evidence that congressional officials were also involved and an ethics
controversy involving Democratic House Speaker Jim Wright may blunt the damage
to Vice-President George Bush as he battles Democrat Michael Dukakis for the
presidency.

''This is not just sleaze, as in the case of some administration figures who
have been caught either taking a little on the side or openly using their
government contacts to cash in personally,'' wrote Washington Post columnist
Haynes Johnson.

''This is not just ideology gone wild, as in the Iran-Contra affair where
zealots bent the law and the Constitution for what they claimed to be a noble
purpose.

''This is corruption - old-fashioned, authentic venality - and massively so.''

The Justice Department said the two-year investigation was one of the largest
defence contracting probes.

It could result in charges against more than 100 Pentagon, defence industry and
former government workers who became consultants. The scandal may even involve
criminal charges against congressmen.

Johnson said he believed the defence scandal would become ''the Teapot Dome of
the Reagan years,'' referring to the theft by officials during Warren Harding's
presidency in the 1920s of millions of dollars worth of government-owned oil.

Most political analysts said the scandal's impact could not be fully assessed
until its true extent was known, including how many Pentagon officials might be
indicted, and whether they are top-level Reagan appointees or simply mid-level
weapons procurement bureaucrats.

Even without further revelations, one expert said the affair would bolster
Democratic charges of sleaze in the Reagan administration and thus was bad news
for Bush.

''I would be unhappy about this if I were George Bush,'' said Norman Ornstein of
the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative Washington think-tank.

'SLEAZE FACTOR'

''And if prominent administration types are indicted . . . you get another level
of the sleaze factor,'' he said.

Bush, who is trailing Dukakis in polls, launched a pre-emptive strike against
potential political fallout from the scandal and dismissed suggestions the
affair could hurt his campaign.

''I'm not going to tolerate lawlessness in the Pentagon, in the streets or in
the Congress,'' he declared.

Attorney General Edwin Meese, himself under investigation, said last week he
expected grand jury indictments within 30 to 90 days.


Dozens of present and former White House officials have been investigated on
ethics or corruption charges. Several have been convicted, including former
White House aides Michael Deaver and Lyn Nofziger.

More recently, critics have focused on Meese, who has been dubbed ''the crown
jewel of the sleaze factor'' by Senate Democratic Leader Robert Byrd of West
Virginia.

MEESE'S PROBLEMS

Independent counsel James McKay is probing what, if any, role Meese played in
efforts by Wedtech Corp. to obtain federal contracts, and what role he may have
played in a controversial Iraqi oil pipeline deal.

Meese, a Reagan friend, denies any wrongdoing.

But charges of ethical lapses against Wright, America's top Democratic official,
have given Bush and other Republicans ammunition to counter the Meese
allegations.

The House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, also known as the ethics
committee, has voted to stage a preliminary inquiry into allegations Wright
improperly diverted thousands of dollars in campaign funds to his personal use
through the publication of his book, Reflections of a Public Man.

Wright is also charged with using improper influence on behalf of Texas
financial institutions and oil companies. He has denied any wrongdoing and has
asked for a quick investigation to avoid having the issue cloud July's
Democratic National Convention, which he is scheduled to chair.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Hopes of George Bush and Michael Dukakis may be affected

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              188 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Sleaze-o-rama

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 673 words


More sleaze oozed out of the subprime mortgage mess this month with news that
two U.S. senators got sweetheart loans from a giant mortgage company.

One of them, Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., heads the Senate Banking Committee,
which gives him heavy clout over mortgage lenders. The other is Sen. Kent
Conrad, D-N.D.

Angelo Mozilo, the controversial chairman of Countrywide Financial, gave both of
them loans at low fees and reduced interest rates.

Mr. Dodd's critics are pointing to this ethical transgression as a reason to
kill a reasonable plan to rescue hundreds of thousands of homeowners from
foreclosure on subprime mortgages. They claim that the plan is a bailout for
Countrywide. It may look that way - Bank of America, which is taking over
Countrywide, reportedly helped write the bill containing the plan - but the fact
is, it would help thousands of distressed homeowners keep their homes.

It's difficult to say what is more remarkable about the senators' behavior: the
petty venality or the stupidity.

Mr. Conrad was the more crass of the two. While shopping for a loan, he called
James Johnson, the former chairman of mortgage giant Fannie Mae and a former top
adviser to Illinois Sen. Barack Obama, the presumptive Democratic presidential
nominee. Mr. Johnson happened to be with Mr. Mozilo when Mr. Conrad's call came
through. Mr. Mozilo got on the line and got the senator's loan application
rolling.

Mr. Dodd says he didn't ask for favors from Mr. Mozillo. Maybe so, but the
senator knew that Countrywide had placed him in a special program for VIPs. It
got him special treatment and an interest rate available only to special
customers. Mr. Conrad borrowed more than $1 million, Mr. Dodd more than
$775,000.

It also turned out that Mr. Johnson himself got a sweetheart loan from
Countrywide. When that fact surfaced, he resigned his position heading Mr.
Obama's vice presidential search committee.

This craven crowd was known within Countrywide by the acronym "FOA" - Friends of
Angelo. Mr. Mozilo's Republican friends included Alphonso Jackson, the Bush
administration's former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Jackson,
a former public safety director of St. Louis, also got a cheap loan, according
to

Portfolio.com, which broke the story.

Mr. Mozilo needs all the friends he can get. After leading his company into
spectacular losses on subprime loans, he agreed to sell Countrywide to Bank of
America. This week, the states of Illinois and California sued Countrywide, and
Washington state announced plans to do so. Illinois Attorney General Lisa
Madigan alleged that the company used deception to put homeowners in subprime
loans, knowing that the borrowers couldn't afford the payments once the loans'
low introductory rates expired.

As for Mr. Dodd and Mr. Conrad, they're now trying to wiggle out of the harsh
spotlight. They say they didn't know they were getting special deals. That
strains credibility; why grease a senator and then keep it secret from him?

It would be a shame if the Countrywide scandals sank Mr. Dodd's foreclosure
relief bill. It would let credit-worthy homeowners turn in subprime mortgages in
exchange for government-backed loans at affordable, fixed interest rates.
Mortgage holders would incur steep losses on loans they transferred into the
federal program, but they would lose less than they would in a foreclosure. It's
a win all around, although President George W. Bush is threatening a veto.

Fundraising is a distasteful fact of life in Washington. Committee chairmen such
as Mr. Dodd hardly even need to ask. Indeed, Bank of America executives and
committees have contributed more than $91,000 to Mr. Dodd's campaigns in the
last 18 months, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. It's a short
mental leap from asking for a campaign donation from a banker to asking for a
cheap loan.

Questionable as Mr. Dodd's and Mr. Conrad's dealings with Countrywide may be,
the larger scandal is the hideously high cost of campaigns that are underwritten
by firms with vested interests.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Our View  |  THE MORTGAGE MESS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                              June 8, 2008 Sunday

Peak performances CLASSICAL Eugene Onegin LSO/Davis

BYLINE: Peter Reed

SECTION: SEVEN; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 770 words


The only time the Glyndebourne production of Eugene Onegin (by Graham Vick,
revived for this season by Ron Howell and Jacopo Spirei) overplays its hand is
in the Polonaise scene, but even here the camped-up ballet parody

of the venality of St Petersburg court life is contained when the whole chorus
joins in the stately, listless dance. And it makes the proper contrast with the
immaculate staging of the exuberant, country-bumpkin ball scene for

Tatyana's name day, a point mystifyingly ignored in the recent Royal Opera
production. In almost

every other respect, this Onegin is one of the great Glyndebourne productions,
with Richard Hudson's austere Vilhelm Hammershøi-like interiors the perfect
neutral setting for the lonely and isolating passions of Pushkin and
Tchaikovsky's characters. The only trick it misses is the sequence of seasons,
so that we have no clue that the duel takes place in the depth of winter.

Onegin lovers are usually on the edge of their seats to see how their hero will
cope with his belated and sudden passion for Tatiana and her rejection of him -
anything from a couple of damp and displaced Byronic kiss-curls to total
neurasthenic implosion. The Slovakian baritone Ales Jenis had a good line in
Alan Rickman-style superciliousness, but there wasn't much in the way of
spiritual collapse. He was every inch the aloof but fragile young sophisticate,
but his voice only just had the measure of Glyndebourne's fairly intimate space;
in a larger house it would have been lost. Maija Kovalevska, from Latvia, was
much more vivid as Tatyana, evoking the storm of emergent sexuality and identity
in solipsistic youth with unnerving and restrained accuracy; she sang with
beguiling freshness, and managed the transition from teenager to married woman
(and princess) with conviction. The moment, at the end of her beautifully sung
Letter Scene, when she pours a jug of cold water over her head, is a brilliant
piece of direction, full of symbolism - and you just know that she will never do
anything as impulsive ever again. But for my money the best singing and acting
came from Massimo Giordano as Lensky. It's a gift of a part, especially in
contrast to Onegin's stiffness, and Giordano didn't stint on the role's poetic
ardour and tragedy. His serenading of Olga, the fight with Onegin and, above
all, his soliloquy before the fatal duel were outstanding. Marie McLaughlin, in
her time a thrilling Tatyana, was a charming, very young Madame Larina; and
Adrian Thompson, again in his time a great Lensky, gave a very touching cameo as
Monsieur Triquet. Conductor Vladimir Jurowski took some non-singer-friendly
liberties with tempi, but he has the music's lyricism and immediacy in his
bones. In combination with Vick's wonderful production this is the nearest
you'll come in opera to a Chekhov play, where the consequences of missed
opportunity flow so naturally that it seems the performers are just having a
conversation rather than taking their cue from a script.

The LSO took a short sideways step from their Mahler cycle to give two Schubert
and Mahler concerts, conducted by Sir Colin Davis, who encourages a warmer, more
opulent sound compared with the febrile brilliance Gergiev conjures out of this
superlative band. It was just right for Bruckner's Symphony No 6 last Sunday.
This relatively concise work is not performed that often - a great mystery,
since it contains some of his loveliest and most original music. Davis played up
the work's Mahlerian volatility as well as the clarity of its orchestration, and
gave the terse changes of mood and scale an uncanny sense of direction. This
gripping performance was very much of a piece with Schubert's Unfinished in the
first half of the programme. This is Schubert at his most dramatic, and Davis
gave the music an almost Brucknerian sense of tragedy. He also made sure that we
heard this familiar work as a torso, its powerful but curiously inconclusive
first movement and episodic Andante implying the need for some sort of 'closure'
in an unknowable finale.

This great concert opened with a premiere, conducted by Pavel Kotla, courtesy of
the UBS Soundscapes: Pioneers scheme. Joe Duddell's Azalea Fragments is inspired
by a Patrick Heron painting of his garden in Cornwall. The music is beautifully
and impressionistically orchestrated and brimming with ideas. Perhaps it was the
Cornwall association, but it seemed to share the same sort of elemental
distances as Bax's Tintagel. It is a very attractive piece.

'Eugene Onegin', Glyndebourne, East Sussex

(01273 813813) today, Thurs, next Sun; in rep to 11 July

John Allison is away

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      April 16, 1999 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

"Cookie's Fortune' is a half-baked undertaking

BYLINE: Daniel M. Kimmel; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE REVIEWER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 477 words



Robert Altman is one of the greatest living American directors, whose credits
span a career from "M A S H" to "Nashville" to "The Player."

Still, even the best of them have their off days, and "Cookie's Fortune" is
Altman marking time. There are occasional moments that amuse, but as a whole,
it's like a meal consisting of little more than a fortune cookie.

The setting is today's small-town South, where elderly eccentric Jewel Mae
"Cookie" Orcutt (Patricia Neal) is feeling poorly since she became a widow. When
she decides to take matters into her own hands, she doesn't count on the
venality of her self-absorbed niece Camille (Glenn Close) who destroys evidence
to make suicide look like murder. The chief suspect, who nearly everyone in town
knows is innocent, is Willis Richland (Charles S. Dutton), who has been Cookie's
handyman and best friend.

What follows is nearly two hours of meandering Southern-fried nonsense, with
Willis in jail, kept company by his jailer (Ned Beatty), his lawyer (Donald
Moffat), and Emma, Camille's estranged niece (Liv Tyler). It's all very homey
with Emma occasionally spiking the coffee just to keep it lively.

The film seems to take forever to get started and even longer to get where it's
going. The only mystery here since the audience is clued in on everything from
the beginning is how and when the authorities will realize what really happened.
There's no suspense, and not enough amusing character byplay to keep things
interesting.

Indeed, many of the characters are downright annoying. Glenn Close seems to be a
corn-pone Cruella DeVil, while the usually reliable Julianne Moore plays sister
Cora as someone who is sleepwalking through life, such mental infirmities
presumably making her appear quaint. Many of the male characters are similarly
stranded, with Courtney B. Vance seeming to have been called in from another
movie to be the murder investigator, and neither Chris O'Donnell or Lyle Lovett
creating much interest as the men vying for Emma's attention.

Only Dutton and Tyler hold our attention, and it's not surprising that the
solution to what little mystery there is here involves both their characters.
Still, it's not enough to salvage this meandering movie.

"Cookie's Fortune" makes some points about race relations in today's South,
generally by not letting such things get in the way of the characters at all.
That makes the film of note from the point of social commentary, but don't be
fooled. It's a lot less interesting to watch than it is to talk about.

ZZZZZZ COOKIE'S FORTUNE: Produced by Robert Altman and Etchie Stroh, directed by
Robert Altman, written by Anne Rapp. An October Films presentation.

Glenn Close, Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Chris O'Donnell, Charles S. Dutton,
Patricia Neal, Ned Beatty, Courtney B. Vance, Donald Moffat, Lyle Lovett. Rated
PG-13.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              191 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 18, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'Colors' is pure Clinton parody

BYLINE: Jeannie Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D; Jeannie Williams

LENGTH: 587 words


If John Travolta isn't Bill Clinton in Primary Colors,
or the best parody ever, I'll eat two dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts.

And the president will feel serious pain if he ever decides to
see this movie, though a Universal rep told me at Monday's New
York premiere that the White House has yet to ask for a print.

Many facts are different, but Travolta's Gov. Jack Stanton has
the walk, the hugs, the temper, the raspy-voiced, policy-caressing
charisma, the doughnuts and drumsticks. Travolta, director Mike
Nichols and original author Joe Klein can talk all they want about
how it's not really Clinton, but now it's the audience's eye that
counts.


The story and script have enormous resonance because of the new
scandals. "Now don't break our hearts!" begs a Stanton admirer
at his inaugural, echoing so many Clintonites now on the brink.
Another topical line: "None of it is clear-cut venality. It's
all kind of human and awful and sad."

I shouldn't be surprised that none of the media guests Monday
wanted to touch the idea of Stanton/Clinton. Barbara Walters insisted
it was "Travolta in a wonderful part," though her eyes twinkled;
heaven knows she'd like to chat up Clinton. Charlie Rose was bold
enough to admit there are "a lot of similarities" to Clinton.
"It'll be interesting to see how it plays with what's going on,"
said publisher Mort Zuckerman, who insisted, "Not only is it
not Bill Clinton, but it is Mike Nichols. He did
a great job."

Klein calls this "a very, very strange moment in the history
of politics." What did he think of Kathleen Willey's 60 Minutes
appearance? "I've always kind of believed all the women in this,
to a certain extent. . . . The question is, is this important?"
So far, to Klein, it's not.

How would Clinton like Primary Colors? Travolta said: "From
the feedback I get from the president's friends (who've been to
screenings), they said he'll really appreciate it. It has somewhat
of a cathartic feeling, even for him. It's bigger than any scandal,
it's about politics, all of us."

He and wife Kelly Preston are rooting for good friend Robert Duvall
in the Oscar race; Preston voted for Dame Judi Dench in Mrs.
Brown: "So brilliant!"

Emma Thompson, who plays Stanton's wife -- she slaps him and socks
him in the head with a bunch of car keys -- was with actor beau
Greg Wise. There was no Universal party (out of deference to Clinton?),
but Nichols took a group of about 120 to dinner at the Lobster
Club, where Travolta scarfed down loads of the crustacean with
saffron rice with coconut.

AT THE BALL: The Motion Picture Academy's Governors Ball
after the Oscars on Monday will be even more packed than usual,
with about 70 previous acting winners among the 1,650 with coveted
invitations (like Dianne Wiest, Vanessa Redgrave, Timothy Hutton).

They're part of the 70th anniversary splash, and what will those
guests dine upon? For the first time in years, admits ball chairman
Sid Ganis, it's that banquet-circuit staple, chicken breast!

Is that cheaper than, say, veal or salmon? "Not when you put
a truffle and mushroom risotto beneath it," says Ganis. "It's
Wolfgang's (as in Puck) way of creating a very simple meal that
turns out to be superelegant."

Dessert sounds special: a white chocolate art-deco movie palace
on each table, with miniature gold-powdered Oscar statuettes,
lighted by blinking klieg lights, and strawberry layer cake inside
the palace.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Albert Ferreira, Globe Photos

TYPE: PEOPLE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              192 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 23, 2014 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Inquirer Editorial: Liquor officials drank for free

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Nav Inquirer Opinion; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 519 words


Former Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board CEO Joseph Conti made $156,000 annually
until his retirement last year, followed by months of "emergency" service at $80
an hour, for a job that did not exist before or since. In that sense, he may
have earned the title "Super CEO," which was engraved on a bottle of Johnnie
Walker Blue presented to him by an executive with the alcohol giant Diageo,
ethics officials found. "He seemed very appreciative," the executive recounted.
No wonder: The premium Scotch whisky retails for about $170 - or, at LCB prices,
$230.

The state Ethics Commission reported last week that Conti and two other top LCB
officials accepted tens of thousands of dollars in gifts and entertainment from
the wine and liquor companies that do business with the agency, exposing a
culture of casual venality made uniquely possible by Pennsylvania's Precambrian
approach to alcohol regulation.

Total state control makes the commonwealth the nation's largest single buyer of
wine and spirits. Government functionaries and political appointees decide
precisely which brands are sold in State Stores. The Ethics Commission found
that some of those officials often took favors from companies that profit
handsomely from those decisions.

The commission found that Conti, former LCB chairman Patrick J. Stapleton 3d,
and former marketing director James H. Short Jr. owe the state a total of about
$23,000 for benefits received in violation of ethics laws. While it found the
officials failed to disclose some of the gifts, company representatives claimed
them as business expenses, leaving no doubt as to their purpose.

Liquor firms repeatedly treated Conti, Stapleton, Short and other LCB officials
to golf outings, the commission found. Conti and Stapleton paid only nominal
fees to play with a pro before the AT&T National hosted by Tiger Woods at
Aronimink Golf Club in Newtown Square, it reported. Short accepted a three-day,
all-expenses-paid golf trip to California's Pebble Beach, among others. All
three were treated to outings organized by vendors just for them - though only
Short was clever enough to claim state reimbursement for his expenses at the
same time.

Recently retired from his $114,000 job to plaudits from his bosses, Short was
directly responsible for the State Stores' selection as well as a particularly
egregious pile of swag, officials found. It included deliveries of booze to his
office, home, and vacation destinations; gift cards from Neiman Marcus and
Ferragamo; a designer shirt and cuff links; an iPad 2; and tickets to the
Broadway musical Wicked.

Meanwhile, Stapleton, a Malvern lawyer who resigned as LCB chairman in 2012, was
found to have wheedled thousands of dollars in wine and liquor donations from
beverage companies for a schmooze fest he founded. Asked about his perks, he
told officials, with palpable cynicism, "This is how the real world works if
it's not the PLCB."

There is indeed something otherworldly about the LCB, as well as the behavior
and attitudes of its officials. The same can be said of a state that responded
with no more than a mild scolding.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Metro Matters;
Koch and Goldin Agree 'Despise' Is a Bit Strong

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 764 words


Mayor Koch was concerned that he had gone too far in criticizing Comptroller
Harrison J. Goldin.

''I did not say, 'He's our Ed Meese,' '' the Mayor reminded a reporter.

Mr. Koch was correct. Actually, it was Dan Wolf, his special adviser, who had
directly compared the City Comptroller to the outgoing United States Attorney
General. What prompted the comparison, though, was Mr. Koch's comment over lunch
that wherever Mr. Goldin goes he gets very little applause.

''Intuitively, people know what he is,'' the Mayor said. Which is?  ''Not worthy
of applause,'' Mr. Koch replied. ''Listen, how many times can you be criticized,
as he has, by the S.E.C., by D. of I.? It's not like you have to be found to
have engaged in a criminal act. You know what they said about Meese: He prides
himself that he hasn't been convicted. There is a higher standard.''

At which point Mr. Wolf said, ''He's our Meese.''

When Mr. Koch called later to clarify his remarks, he drew a distinction between
political opportunism, which, he said, Mr. Goldin has been guilty of, and
venality, which the Mayor defined as profiting financially in a corrupt way.
''He's not venal,'' Mr. Koch said.

''That's quite a concession,'' Mr. Goldin sniffed, upon being informed of the
Mayor's faint praise.

''Maybe,'' the Comptroller said, ''it reflects the fact that there were
occasions when I could have embarrassed him or even humiliated him and I did
not, when we engaged in debate in his office, before his staff, and he didn't
know what he was talking about, but I saw no reason to cause him shame. I think
he considers me soft for not doing it, but so be it.''

Perhaps you've gotten the impression by now, generally acknowledged around City
Hall but rarely discussed outside, that Mr. Koch and Mr. Goldin despise each
other.

''Despise' is too strong a word,'' the Comptroller said. ''But the difference
between him and me is that he is a hater.''

''I don't know if despise is the right word,'' the Mayor said. ''It may be the
right word, but it sounds too harsh. We've come to dislike each other over the
years.''

In separate conversations, they even disagreed about when their dislike began.
The Mayor says it dates to his first term refusal to reappoint Mr. Goldin's
brother Gurston, a psychiatrist, to the Board of Higher Education. Mr. Goldin
blames it on their disagreement over South Bronx redevelopment, and says it was
stoked by Mr. Koch's resentment that some agencies that spawned the corruption
scandal had been criticized earlier by the Comptroller.

''My uncle once said, 'People will often forgive you for being wrong; they won't
forgive you for being right,' '' Mr. Goldin said.

''He's a pretty good auditor,'' Mr. Koch said. ''Of course, he didn't pick up
the corruption in any of those agencies, to the best of my knowledge.''

''I'm an auditor, not a criminal investigator,'' Mr. Goldin replied. ''In 15
years, there's been not the slightest hint of scandal, impropriety or corruption
in my office. Contrast that with Ed Koch. He presides over the most corrupt
administration in history.''

Mr. Koch said Mr. Goldin's management of city pension funds was ''demolished''
in an analysis by Abraham Biderman, the former Finance Commissioner. The
Comptroller countered that Mr. Koch ''has always been dazzled by people who can
throw numbers at him because he doesn't know what they mean and he doesn't
care.''

Mr. Koch complained that Mr. Goldin had misled members of the Board of Estimate
- a claim the Comptroller flatly rejected as ''insulting'' - in seeking to
squeeze more spending into last year's budget and in opposing a property tax
increase to balance this year's. ''You have to understand,'' he said, ''Jay
Goldin was the Comptroller when this city was on the edge of bankruptcy. You'd
think he had learned his lesson not to play games.''

Mr. Koch said that if the Comptroller's vote wasn't pivotal on controversial
matters before the board he would vote against the Mayor to establish a populist
record.

''I think he's hallucinating,'' Mr. Goldin retorted. ''If you disagree with him,
you're pandering. If he works out an arrangement with Ralph Lamberti not to
build a homeless shelter on Staten Island, that's statesmanship.

''The irony is that the usual tensions between a mayor and comptroller don't
exist,'' Mr. Goldin said. ''The hate he feels for me is a function of
politics.''

''He wants to be mayor, that is his animosity toward me,'' Mr. Koch said. ''Me?,
I've seen him in action. I hope I'm not being too harsh.''

Thursday: Does their dislike matter?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              194 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    February 26, 2005 Saturday Home Edition

accessAtlanta: BEST BETS

SECTION: Living; Pg. 1C;

LENGTH: 350 words


'INCORRUPTIBLE'

At Theatre in the Square in Marietta

These are the final performances of Michael Hollinger's farcical play mixing the
medieval Catholic world of miracles, veneration of saints and the selling of
indulgences with the contemporary ethics of the global economy. "After
satirizing human venality and greed throughout the evening, the play ends in a
rousing affirmation of human good, sending the audience home with a warm feeling
that softens the comic bite," writes AJC staffer Louis Mayeux. 8 tonight; 2:30
p.m. Sunday. $18-$32. 11 Whitlock Ave. 770-422-8369, www.theatreinthesquare.com.

THQ WORLD SUPERCROSS

At the Georgia Dome in Atlanta

Top motocross riders compete on a man-made dirt racetrack as this event comes to
the Georgia Dome in all its dirt-slinging glory. Extreme motorcyclists,
including standouts James "Bubba" Stewart, Ricky Carmichael and champ Chad Reed,
will catch air with the help of the track's sculpted hills and dips as they race
for victory. Seven-time AMA Supercross champ and Motorcycle Hall of Famer Jeremy
McGrath will compete, as well. 7 tonight. $10-$40. 1 Georgia Dome Drive N.W.,
Atlanta. 404-223-4636, 404-249-6400.

OAKHURST'S WINTER WINE CRAWL

In the Oakhurst Neighborhood in Decatur

Sample wines from around the world in 19 Oakhurst shops and restaurants.
Transportation provided by the Fur Bus. Limited to the first 500 participants.
Benefits the Oakhurst neighborhood and business community. 4-6 p.m. today. $15
includes a commemorative Oakhurst tasting glass. East Lake Drive and Oakview
Road. 404-373-4702, www.oakhurstga.org.

'DAY OF THE KINGS'

At the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta

Daphne Greaves won the Alliance Theatre's first national Graduate Playwriting
Competition with a play that AJC theater critic Wendell Brock calls an
"exquisitely crafted drama about secret passions and the hysteria of social
change in 1800s Cuba." 2:30 and 8 p.m. today; 2:30 and 7:30 p.m. Sunday.
$25-$30. Hertz Stage, Woodruff Arts Center, 1280 Peachtree St. N.E.
404-733-5000, www.alliancetheatre.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              195 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 23, 2004 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

So thankful for this turkey shoot

BYLINE: John Grogan

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 703 words


Dear Lord,

It's that time of the year again to pause from life's daily rush and reflect on
all we have to be thankful for.

As a columnist down here in Pennsylvania - yep, that's us just across from
Camden - I don't need to tell you of the bounteous blessings I have to count.
After all, without kooks and codgers, pontificators and obfuscators, brutes and
bullies, fork-tongued politicians and dastardly dimwits, I would not have much
to write about.

Fortunately, 2004 has been a vintage year. Such a gluttony of gaffes and
venality I have never before witnessed. As I utter every day in sheer amazement,
"I couldn't make this stuff up!"

Thank you, Lord, for all the turkeys you sent my way, making my job immeasurably
easier.

I have so much to be grateful for, I barely know where to start.

Thank you for that lovable clown of the state legislature, Rep. William Rieger
(D., Phila.), who jammed his voting machine with a paper wad to make him appear
present when he was not, and who nonetheless still billed the state for
expenses.

Thank you for the upstanding House Ethics Committee, which exonerated Rieger
despite overwhelming evidence of his misdeed, and for the voters in his district
who reelected him by a landslide.

Plump for the plucking

Thank you for Gov. "Fast Eddie" Rendell, who encouraged his state police drivers
to barrel down the turnpike between Harrisburg and Philadelphia at speeds
exceeding 100 m.p.h. on several occasions - and then feigned surprise when
confronted with evidence of the infractions.

Thank you for John Salamone, who took his single-engine aircraft on a four-hour
drunken joyride, buzzing the Limerick nuclear power plant (Hello?) and forcing
commercial jetliners above Philadelphia International Airport to scramble out of
his way.

Thank you for those clueless McDonald's suits, whose ham-fisted handling of a
measly $40,000 life insurance claim for a worker killed on the job in Mount
Ephraim led to a boycott and public-relations disaster.

Thank you for House Speaker John Perzel, who shamelessly tried to pawn off a
thinly veiled promotional DVD of his swearing-in ceremony as a historical
document and stick taxpayers with the $57,000 bill.

And who could forget our irascible trade unions that nearly drove The Real World
reality television show, and the national spotlight it would shine on our
region, out of town?

Then there was Congressman James Greenwood, chairman of a subcommittee charged
with oversight of the pharmaceutical industry, who days before hearings he had
scheduled on the link between antidepressants and youth suicide said he was
leaving Congress to take a $650,000-a-year job with a trade group whose clients
include Pfizer, maker of one of the antidepressants in question. Could a
columnist's life possibly get any better?

A weasel in pinstripe

Thank you also, Lord, for sending me Thomas Druce, the Bucks County state
representative turned convicted hit-and-run driver, whose tireless efforts to
evade justice gave weasels everywhere a bad name.

Thank you for murderer Ira Einhorn, who wrote me from prison to complain about
Druce's cowardly avoidance of justice. Yes, that would be the same Ira Einhorn
who spent two decades avoiding justice for the killing of Holly Maddux.

Most of all, Lord, thank you for bringing State Sen. Vince Fumo, the
Machiavellian prince of South Philly, into my boring life. I swear, there were
days I wanted to send him my paycheck, so rich were his contributions.

Thank you for Fumo's $17 million strong-arming of Peco Energy, for his classy
"screaming faggot" outburst, for the free luxury-yacht cruises.

Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the heartless tow-truck drivers, gauche
developers, bungling bureaucrats and brutish cops. Thank you for the lame state
slogans, venal slots bill, and grumpy toll takers. Thank you for The Probe and
The Bug and the indicted minister who compared himself to Jesus and the Rev. Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr.

Thank you, thank you, thank you. And, please, keep 'em coming in 2005.

Somehow, I know you will.

Contact John Grogan at 610-313-8132 or jgrogan@phillynews.com. Read his recent
work at http://go.philly.com/grogan.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  June 7, 2002

Review: ANGELS WITH MANY FACES:

* Which film most perfectly portrays Los Angeles?

* A brief history of hijacking

BYLINE: John Patterson, Hollywood reporter

SECTION: Guardian Friday Pages, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1062 words


In his exquisite fictionalised memoir, The Kindness of Women, JG Ballard claims
that when he made his first trip to Los Angeles in the 1980s, he knew where
everything was because he'd seen it all before on The Rockford Files. When I
moved here 10 years ago, on the eve of the 1992 LA Riots, I probably thought the
same thing - but I was very wrong, I now see.

Everyone, especially people who have never been here, is convinced that they
know Los Angeles, mainly because they have seen it in the movies. The city is,
after all, the biggest movie set in the world. Journalists who visit from London
or Paris or Moscow send home snotty and condescending portraits of the city that
derive largely from one or two nights spent in a Sunset Strip hotel on a media
junket, which is a lot like saying that you know all about London if you've
walked down Oxford Street twice.

If you want to understand Los Angeles, you have to live here. The conventional
cliches - lotus-eaters, cigar-chomping studio execs, brainless starlets fresh
off the prairie, venality, smog, etc - have the cliche's conventional roots in
reality, but to rely on them is foolish. On the other hand, once you do live
here, watching movies made and set in LA becomes a much more rewarding
experience. Many offer layers of insight about the city itself - as it was, as
it is - that are not available to non-residents, who lack a sense of its history
or geography. There are actually a million LAs in the City of Angels.

There is a map of southern California drawn up in 1925 by Paramount Studios to
illustrate the variety of locations available to film-makers throughout the
region. It is disorienting indeed. On it, Venice Beach has become Venice, Italy,
and lies just down the coast from Wales and the Nile. Farther inland is Sherwood
Forest, and hard up against the Nevada border one finds the Sudan desert.

This infinitely adaptable version of Southern California is just one alternative
perspective on the region - another imaginary means of carving sense and logic
(and, in this case, profit) from its wildly varying landscapes. Everybody who
comes here constructs his own California: Hockney, Hitchcock, Horkheimer and
Adorno, Woody Guthrie, Reyner Banham, Robert Frank, Isherwood and Chaplin, Tupac
Shakur and Dr Dre, Nathanael West, Tom Waits, F Scott Fitzgerald, Carolyn See,
Chester Himes and Raymond Chandler - try reconciling any two or more of their
mutually antagonistic reimaginings of LA, Hollywood and California. This isn't
merely a rainbow coalition of opposed LAs; it's a kaleidoscope.

I have long been fascinated by the degree to which certain movies interact with
the region, and especially the city, as a built or tamed environment. Some do
this accidentally, as in the case of silent comedies that inadvertently reveal
the wildly different land- and cityscapes that LA offered in the 1910s and 20s.
One is surprised to learn that they really did have Kid Auto Races at Venice in
1914, as well as movies about them (with that title) starring Charlie Chaplin.
And an old Mack Sennett two-reeler like Lizzies of the Field, while genial
enough as a comedy, is even more delectable today for its portrait of the
emerging city. Huge areas seem disorientingly empty, yet at the same time one is
impressed at how congested and built-up other areas already appear. Even such a
timeworn classic as Double Indemnity is rejuvenated when viewed as a movie about
the city, given its realistic depiction of the Los Feliz/ Hollywood Hills
neighbourhoods in which it takes place.

Like the movie version of James Cain's other masterpiece, Mildred Pierce - whose
plot largely depends on dreary Glendale's municipal inferiority complex towards
old-money Pasadena - Indemnity is loca tion-specific right down to the
cross-streets that it mentions: "Meet me at the newsstand on Vermont and
Franklin," for example, where a 7-Eleven now stands. In the deep background of
Billy Wilder's mise-en-scene, we can detect precious fragments of hidden history
and obsolete social topography.

The film Progress in Los Angeles is a boosterish Aro Realty Company promotional
short, made in 1928 for exhibition in the parched midwestern states to encourage
migration to California. It shows, among other things, "beach homes on the new
Roosevelt Highway - gas, water and sewage pipes to the kerbline", "Vine Street,
the Fifth Avenue of Hollywood", and "Santa Monica - the aristocratic home city
of the Bay District, California's Riviera". This is all totally bewildering to
anyone who knows these places today.

In contrast, The Exiles is a 1961 documentary about one Friday night in the
lives of 12 Native Americans born on Arizona reservations and now living in Los
Angeles. The ostensible subject matter is fascinating enough, but the film also
offers priceless, almost magical night-time footage of the old Bunker Hill
neighbourhood (also visible in parts of Robert Aldrich's Kiss Me Deadly), which
was razed soon after to make way for the thicket of characterless skyscrapers
that we now call downtown. And in Tony Richardson's 1965 adaptation of Evelyn
Waugh's The Loved One, we get glimpses of the ravishing estates of Hollywood's
then closeted gay aristocracy, where much of the movie was filmed. These
versions of LA are unrecognisable today - they have vanished. Yet you ask
yourself: were they any more recognisable then?

And in the end, we come to Blade Runner, which seems to compress all tenses, all
nationalities and all LAs into one dystopian endless night. The many noir
touches (Sean Young's piled-up Crawford hairdo, the later excised voice-over
narration) are from 40 years earlier, yet the film's action unfolds 40 years
hence. Like California itself, the film's present is composed of memory and
expectation.

And in this future, the corporations are already advertising the next
California. One announcement echoes both the flyers posted by railroad and
property developers in windblown, depressed Iowa farm towns in the 1910s and
1920s to advertise the paradise of LA, as well as the similar expectations
stoked by promotional films such as Progress in Los Angeles: "A new life awaits
you in the Off-World Colonies. A chance to begin again in a golden land of
opportunity and adventure." Here we go once more, selling new Californias to new
Californians.


LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              197 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                                MainBody Edition

A-Rod gets an A for doping, greed, and self-delusion

BYLINE: JULIA BEFFON

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 771  words


A-Rod gets an A for doping, greed, and self-delusion

Whatever drugs - allegedly steroids and human growth hormone - he might have
been given, they could not overcome the effects of ageing and hubris

WHEN New York Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez was banned for 211 games for
contravening baseball's rules against performance-enhancing drugs this week, the
only people springing to his defence were his own highly paid lawyers.

A-Rod's story is a complex tale, not only of greed and venality (though the
figures involved are mind-boggling), but of wasted talent, self-delusion and the
absence of ethics.

On Monday, baseball commissioner Bud Selig announced that 13 players would be
suspended in connection with the Biogenesis Clinic investigation. A dozen of
those received 50-game bans.

The 13th, matching the number he wears on his Yankees jersey, was Rodriguez. His
ban, which will take in the rest of this season and all of 2014, was harsher
because, as they say, he has previous.

Rodriguez first hit the headlines as a supremely gifted teenage shortstop. He
was the first 18-year-old to play in the big leagues for 35 years. There has
been none since.

A move to the Texas Rangers made him among the highest-paid players in baseball,
with a contract worth $252-million. But not even A-Rod's sublime natural skills
- or the steroids he later admitted to using during this period - could make up
for the lack of talent around him.

The Yankees, going through a rare World Series drought, offered to take him off
the Rangers' hands in 2004. In an example of bad business sense that was later
mirrored in their stewardship of Liverpool, Rangers owners Tom Hicks and George
Gillett off-loaded A-Rod, but not his contract. They continued to pay up to a
million dollars a week to the player for years as he played for an opponent.

In 2007, Rodriguez signed a $275-million deal with the Yankees, taking him to
age 42. The two contracts remain baseball's biggest yet.

And he seemed worth it. He was on track to become the greatest player the game
had ever seen, with records for home-runs, number of hits and runs batted in
seemingly his to achieve.

Since that second 10-year deal was signed, Rodriguez has admitted to doping
while at Texas; he's persisted in having in his personal entourage a man banned
from baseball for carrying around a bag of steroids; he's allegedly been
involved in illegal poker games and he's spent more time on the entertainment
pages than the sports ones with flings with Madonna, Kate Hudson and Cameron
Diaz.

The Yankees - who last year sued to protect their copyright to call themselves
"the Evil Empire" - might have been willing to turn a blind eye to these
excesses had Rodriguez been any good on the field.

But he has been awful, with statistics across all categories plummeting on those
occasions he's been fit enough to take the field.

Whatever drugs he might have received from Biogenesis - steroids and human
growth hormone are the ones alleged by clinic founder Anthony Bosch - they could
not overcome the effects of ageing and hubris.

When dropped for poor performances during last year's post-season, Rodriguez
spent his time on the bench writing his phone number on bats and handing them
out to attractive Australian tourists at a game.

His other misdemeanours include being called a slumlord for the woeful
maintenance record at housing complexes he owns and making several onfield plays
that come close to breaking baseball's unwritten behaviour code.

His insistence on returning to the club this year after hip surgery and despite
poor performances in warm-up games infuriated the Yankees to the extent that
their normally unflappable GM Brian Cashman tweeted that he wanted A-Rod to just
"shut the f*ck up".

After Yankee doctors delayed his return by another few weeks for a thigh injury,
Rodriguez found another doctor - one he had never met and who recently had been
fined $40000 for allowing a staffer to illegally distribute steroids - to refute
the club's diagnosis.

In deciding to fight the 211-game ban, Rodriguez has made several
counter-claims. He says the bigger ban is intrinsically unfair, that
commissioner Selig, who is due to step down soon, is making a scapegoat of him
after having ignored doping for decades and that the Yankees are trying to void
the $80-million they still owe on his contract.

But it's a measure of how far Alex Rodriguez has moved from reality, that he
says he is the "pink elephant in the room".

Doping might be an issue baseball is not willing to confront, but only A-Rod
sees pink elephants.

OUCH: A-Rod is hit by a wayward pitch. He's been hit harder with a 211-game ban

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Revealed: who really murdered Hollywood's legendary Irish film director;
His gay butler, young lover and her mother were all in the frame - but a 1964
deathbed confession started an investigation that has FINALLY uncovered the
truth

BYLINE: Peter Sheridan

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 54,55

LENGTH: 1683 words


FOR almost a century, the murder of legendary Carlowborn movie director William
Desmond Taylor has been one of Hollywood's great unsolved mysteries. At the
untamed dawn of the film industry's golden age, marked by drugs, debauchery and
excess, the filmmaker was found dead at his Los Angeles home.

He had a single gunshot to his chest, the softnose bullet lodged in his neck.
With suspects straight out of central casting - including glamorous heroes of
the silent screen, jealous starlets, drug addicts, a gay lover, suspicious
valets and thuggish gangsters - the murder shocked the world and sparked a
desperate cover-up by nervous film studio magnates.

Yet, despite years of investigation the killer was never identified - until now.

Newly-released FBI files coupled with one author's extensive research have
finally uncovered the culprit behind the trigger in one of Hollywood's most
celebrated and perplexing cold cases. 'It's a story of greed, avarice,
extortion, corruption and venality in the Roaring Twenties,' says William J
Mann, of his new book, Tinseltown: Murder, Morphine And Madness At The Dawn Of
Hollywood, in which he claims to have finally unravelled the mystery that
baffled detectives and historians for the past 92 years.

'Hollywood in the Twenties was a place of intrigue, scandal, revenge and
secrecy. Secrets can kill you, and for Taylor and his friends, their secrets
came back to haunt them.' The mystery took an unexpected twist in 1964, when
former actress Patricia Palmer, on her deathbed, called for a priest and
insisted: 'I killed William Desmond Taylor.' But her claim didn't add up.
Witnesses had seen a stocky man leaving the director's home on the night of his
murder, and Palmer, a short frail woman, hardly fitted the killer's profile.

But Mann reveals that Palmer - real name Margaret Gibson - may have been telling
the truth, even if her finger was not on the trigger.

Taylor, aged 49, was found by his valet dead on his living room floor on
February 3, 1922. Born William Cunningham Deane-Tanner on April 26, 1872, in Co.
Carlow, he was the middle of five children. His parents were wealthy landowners:
retired British army office Major Kearns Deane-Tanner of the Carlow Rifles, and
his wife, Irish gentry Jane O'Brien. His uncle was Home Rule MP Charles Kearns
Deane Tanner.

As a child William moved with his family to Dublin, where he was mostly
home-schooled, and his father hoped that William would follow him into the
British military, planning a career as an army engineer. William failed the
entrance tests due to his poor eyesight however and, according to contemporary
reports, following a confrontation with his father ran away to London at the age
of 16 to pursue his passion for a life in the theatre.

His father, seeking to instill some discipline, sent William to America to work
on a ranch in Kansas at the age of 18. William was ill-suited to farming life,
however, and soon fled to New York where he found work with a theatre company.
After several years acting and directing, and a secret failed marriage, he
changed his name to William Desmond Taylor, and in 1912 moved to rapidly-growing
Hollywood, becoming a film director.

During WWI he enlisted in the British army, rising to the rank of lieutenant,
before returning to Hollywood where he directed more than 50 movies, working
with screen legends including Mary Pickford and Wallace Reid.

His shocking murder - by then he was a celebrated director - was terrible timing
for Hollywood, which over the previous year had been rocked by two consecutive
trials of box office king Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle on charges of rape and
manslaughter, after starlet Virginia Rappe died following a crazed booze and
drug-filled party. After two hung juries, a third trial would later find
Arbuckle not guilty, but the scandal killed his career.

'Hollywood had just become big business, and Taylor's murder threatened to
derail it,' says Mann. 'Hollywood's values and morality were under attack.' The
spotlight of suspicion for Taylor's murder first shone on Hollywood leading lady
Mabel Normand, 30, who costarred in a dozen Charlie Chaplin hits and 17 Arbuckle
movies. A doe-eyed cocaine-addict, Normand was the last person seen with Taylor
on the night of his murder, visiting him for cocktails. They blew kisses to each
other as her limousine pulled away at 7.45pm, claimed witnesses.

'They were close friends, but not lovers,' says Mann. 'Police wondered if one of
her other lovers may have killed Taylor out of jealousy.' Investigators then
uncovered a series of love letters to the distinguished, urbane Irish director
from Hollywood's leading ingenue Mary Miles Minter, 30 years his junior, aged
19. 'She called him the love of her life,' says Mann. 'She was convinced he'd
marry her. She was definitely crazy.' Minter could have killed Taylor in a
jealous rage after he spurned her advances, detectives believed. Police even
found three blonde hairs - Minter was a blonde - on Taylor's corpse.

But the prime murder suspect was Mary Minter's mother, the ruthlessly ambitious
Charlotte Shelby, who was feuding with her daughter over control of her $1.3
million Hollywood contract, and raged against Taylor's growing intimacy with
Mary, threatening him: 'I will blow your goddamn brains out.' 'Shelby had
threatened to kill Taylor in the past, and wanted her daughter to stop seeing
him,' says Mann. 'She had a .38 pistol just like the murder weapon, and used the
same rare soft-nosed bullets as killed Taylor.

She had no strong alibi for her whereabouts on the night of the murder. She made
a very popular suspect - nearly everyone hated her. And she sent her mother to
Louisiana to toss her gun into the swamp.' Others suspected that a drug gang had
killed Taylor, angry that he had threatened their trade as he tried to get Mabel
Normand clean and sober.

'Taylor had worked with a US Attorney investigating the Hollywood drug trade,
and confronted one of Mabel's drug dealers, threatening to run him out of town,'
reveals Mann. 'The drug gang could have hired an assassin.' And no good murder
mystery is complete without a suspicious butler - or two, in this case.

Taylor's larcenous former valet Edward Sands had uncovered proof that the
dignified director was not what he seemed: Taylor had an abandoned wife and
child, indulged in homosexual flings, and partied at opium parlours - all
potential for blackmail. After robbing from Taylor's home, Sands became a murder
suspect, and fled.

The first to find Taylor's body was his flamboyant gay black valet, Henry
Peavey, who also became a suspect.

'On the day he found Taylor's body, Peavey was set to appear in court for public
indecency, arrested looking for gay companionship in a local park,' says Mann.

Taylor's gay lover George Hopkins, upset that the director refused to
acknowledge him publicly, also attracted police suspicion.

The sordid tangle stunned America, which only knew Taylor as the popular
president of the Motion Picture Directors Association, Hollywood's voice against
the rise of censorship.

'Scandals were extremely dangerous,' says Mann. 'Civil reformers and church
ladies saw movies glorifying sex and sin, and actors, with their affairs and
divorces, were viewed as agents of the devil. Scandal had to be contained at all
costs.' Paramount Pictures founder Adolph Zukor led a cover-up, having
previously covered up his own wild night at a bordello with a $100,000 pay-off.

Within minutes of Taylor's body being found, Zukor's studio manager was at his
home, removing all personal papers before police could find them. 'Those papers
undoubtedly held the secret to Taylor's murder,' says Mann. 'All evidence points
to him being blackmailed, and may have revealed who was blackmailing him, and
why. It was a scandal the studios wanted to disappear.' And it is the blackmail
theory that puts Patricia Palmer in the frame, giving that deathbed confession
more credence. A former prostitute and starlet in 1922, she had underworld
connections and a penchant for extortion. When her friend, conman Don Osborn,
was looking for new blackmail targets, Palmer suggested her old friend Taylor.

'She may have known about Taylor's abandoned wife and child, his gay lover, his
entanglement with Mary Minter, Normand's cocaine habit, and more,' says Mann.
'She may have set him up for extortion.

But it wasn't Palmer or Osborn who pulled the trigger.' Osborn went to threaten
Taylor to pay up with his partner, volatile grifter Blackie Madsen. Mann
believes Madsen waited until Taylor stepped out to bid farewell to Mabel Normand
and slipped into the house. Through the newly-released FBI files and his own
research, he discovered that a neighbour reported seeing a man matching Madsen's
description leaving shortly after the sound of a gunshot. It's thought that when
Taylor re-entered his home a violent struggle ensued.

'Madsen, his gun drawn, fired impulsively,' says Mann. 'It was a blackmail
scheme gone wrong. The FBI, investigating Hollywood extortionists two years
later, made the link to Taylor's murder, but the district attorney never
followed it up. Madsen got away with murder.' Palmer, a D-List actress,
improbably won roles in three A-list movies as Zukor tried to buy her silence,
and an extortion charge against her was made to disappear.

'With the ongoing Arbuckle scandal, the last thing Zukor wanted was publicly
linking an ex-prostitute to the blackmailers of their esteemed director,' says
Mann.

Madsen died in Los Angeles in 1938, aged 64, and his ashes were interred at
Hollywood Memorial Cemetery - just yards from the grave of William Desmond
Taylor.

'The mystery of Taylor's murder is finally solved,' says Mann. But the answer
comes too late for silent star Mabel. Her dying words: 'I do hate to go without
knowing what happened to poor Billy Taylor.' ÷ TINSELTOWN: Murder, Morphine And
Madness At The Dawn Of Hollywood by William J Mann. Published by Harper Books,
available November 20, 2014

'Hollywood's morality was under attack'

'Shelby had threatened to kill him in the past'

'She knew all his secrets and may have set him up'

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Famous last words: Patricia Palmer admitted her role in director's
deathSuspects: Charlotte Shelby and her daughter Mary MinterSecret life:
Director William Desmond Taylor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Underdog hits a winning streak;
Actor Tom McCarthy wrote the Oscar-nominated 'Up' and is now being acclaimed as
a first-rate director. Tom Shone meets him

BYLINE: Tom Shone

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 1192 words


Over coffee in Manhattan's Lower East Side, the film-maker Tom McCarthy is
telling me about his bad deeds. Nothing too bad - not cheating on his girlfriend
or robbing a bank - just the kind of low-key venality that we all dip into now
and again, then push to the back of our mind to get on with our day.

"It's human nature," he says, stirring his coffee. "The only way we can move
forward is by compartmentalising.

"I've done so many things I'm not proud of. If I carried those things around I'd
be the most self-loathing individual ever, I'd have a huge drinking problem, I'd
smoke way more than I do - I'd be a mess. But instead I put them away and
continue on my way, like 'I'm a good guy: how could you not like me?' " He
breaks into a smile. He does seem like a good guy - it is hard not to like him.
With his sandy-blond hair and dimpled chin, McCarthy has the kind of anonymous,
handsome face that could brighten a day at a bank or office. As an actor he's
fitted snugly into ensembles for Clint Eastwood and George Clooney and he's
perhaps best known for his role as an unscrupulous journalist in US crime drama,
The Wire.

But acting is increasingly taking a back seat to his career as a director,
particularly after the near universal acclaim that has greeted the American
release of his third film, Win Win. It's a terrific comedy - out here on Friday
- about a small-town lawyer (Paul Giamatti), who coaches a troubled teenager
(newcomer Alex Shaffer) in a high school wrestling tournament.

If that sounds like the kind of Inspirational Coach movie that Hollywood trots
out every year to keep Dennis Quaid in work, you are reckoning without the warm,
flinty idiosyncrasy of McCarthy's writing, and the bruised flesh tones of the
film's performances: not just from Giamatti, dog-paddling like crazy to keep his
law practice afloat, but also from Amy Ryan as his Bon Jovi-loving wife and
Bobby Cannavale as the best friend who attaches himself to the wrestling team to
escape his disintegrating marriage.

We hear indie comedies praised all the time for extracting laughs from dark
material, but rarely has the uplifting and the downbeat been as beautifully
married as they are here.

McCarthy takes the praise in stride. "It's ordinary people in ordinary
situations," he says. "Can you take the audience on that ride? "For me there was
something perversely challenging about setting a movie in a place which, as a
young person, I couldn't wait to get out of. Then I was like: I wonder if I
could go back there and make a movie that felt authentic, that felt fair, that
was entertaining, that celebrated the lives of these people as well as
challenged an audience to connect. That was the challenge."

Shot in his childhood home of New Providence, New Jersey, the film started life
as a conversation between McCarthy and an old friend, Joe Tiboni, who used to be
on the high school wrestling team with him. They started reminiscing and
McCarthy thought: there's a movie in this, and asked Tiboni to help him write
it.

"Now if Joe and I weren't as close as we were I might look at him and go 'what's
interesting there?'. Because I know him, and I love him, I'm totally invested in
him. If I look at him as this middle-class lawyer guy who never left his home
town, then who cares? It has to come back to character."

It's as close to a vision statement as you'll get from McCarthy who, in his
conversation as much as in his films, steers clear of grand pronouncements in
favour of the nuts-and-bolts of his craft. To wit: the art of making fictional
people matter to an audience as much as to their closest friends.

It's how he is in person, chatting as if picking up an old conversation. It's
also the theme of his films, which draw disparate strangers into proximity: the
unlikely friendship between a dwarf, a mother in mourning and a hot dog vendor
in The Station Agent; between an economics professor and his Senegalese
squatters in The Visitor, or between a geriatric, a scout and a talking dog in
Up, the animated film McCarthy helped script after Pixar invited him to screen
The Station Agent and which earned him an Oscar nomination for best original
screenplay.

"Tom is interested in the idea of people reaching out to each other," says
Cannavale, who met McCarthy 15 years ago when they both worked in theatre. "Male
friendship is very important to him."

They didn't like each other at first ("I think he thought I was a little too
hyper," says Cannavale) but after doing a play together, McCarthy funnelled
Cannavale's Tiggerlike energy into The Station Agent and, now, Win Win.

"Sidney Lumet who just passed away was a big supporter of Tom and I think Tom
learnt a lot from Sidney," says Cannavale. "He likes rehearsal. He very much
believes that the work is in the set up and when you are on set the creative
atmosphere needs to be relaxed. It's a real light, light set. That's Tom. He
likes to have fun."

Beneath that runs the keen competitive edge of a sportsman. McCarthy says, "To
make these kinds of movies, in this day and age, we are immediately an underdog,
and for an underdog to excel in any kind of team sport, they have to play a
perfect game.

"Bigger, stronger, wealthier teams have more margin for error - they've got so
much, and they're going to keep throwing it at you. You see a tournament where
an underdog team starts marching through, and why? Because they have peaked at
just the right time.

"I feel the same way about my films. Everyone has to be at the top of their
game. You got one weak link - whether that's a performance, or a line of
dialogue - if this or that person drops the ball, it's just not going to work."

He first caught the drama bug at Boston College, where he joined an improv
troupe alongside future Saturday Night Live alumni. He pursued dramatic theatre
in Chicago then moved back to Yale School of Drama where he was classmates with
Giamatti. As an actor he has appeared in Eastwood's Flags of Our Fathers,
Clooney's Good Night and Good Luck and Syriana, but says, "It was always about
writing, directing, performing. I get a lot of: 'Well you started as an actor
and now you write and sometimes you direct... how do you... Why... huh?' It
always seemed part of the same thing."

As his directing career has taken off, McCarthy has found himself turning down
roles he never would have dared dream of; conversely he has been able to take
much smaller parts in films like The Lovely Bones, just to take notes for his
directing career. "I wanted to see how Peter Jackson worked," he says.

After the critical reception for Win Win, congratulations have poured in from
film-making peers, while Fox Searchlight girds its loins for the inevitable
Oscar campaign. "It's a science I pay some attention to," says McCarthy, but
adds, "I don't make movies for Hollywood. I got an email just yesterday from a
friend in Iowa. His wife took her girlfriends to see it and loved it. He said I
wished you could have been there to hear the discussion. This group of
housewives in Iowa City, talking about my movie. That's cool."

Win Win (15) is out on Friday

'Everyone has got to be at the top of their game. You can't have a weak link'

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fighting talk: Paul Giamatti urges Alex Shaffer on in 'Win Win', right.
Director Tom McCarthy, left

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

DEBACLES OF THE DECADE SCANDAL

BYLINE: Mackenzie Carpenter, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 1228 words


Oh, how to choose?

The list of scandals over this decade is so long, so noxious, so unrelenting in
its awfulness: Hurricane Katrina's botched disaster relief. Abu Ghraib. Enron
and last year's financial meltdown on Wall Street -- not to mention the
spectacle of bankers making out like bandits in the aftermath, with $10 million
and $20 million bonuses at a time of 10 percent unemployment.

These are scandals that truly shock the conscience, breathtaking examples of
sheer incompetence, cruelty, venality and greed that reasonable people of any
political stripe can agree on.

It gets more complicated, however, if one includes the "hanging chad" 2000
election. Surely, the result was a scandal if you were a supporter of Al Gore,
but not if you were a supporter of George W. Bush.

Similarly, is 9/11 a scandal? It depends on whether you believe the Bush
administration sufficiently heeded warnings beforehand that Osama bin Laden and
al-Qaida were planning a major terrorist attack.

To have scandal, there must be outrage. Then again, sometimes even that's not
enough: There was plenty of outrage during the child molestation trial against
Michael Jackson. But he was acquitted, so does that whole mess qualify as a
scandal? Britney Spears shaved her head and almost lost her children. But her
hair has grown back, and she recently posed with her children for the cover of
Elle. All's well that ends well?

Enough caviling. Here's a list of scandals that titillated, shocked and appalled
us for the past 10 years.

b>HURRICANE KATRINA:

/b>In a class by itself. Unfathomable, even four years later. Bodies floating in
the flooded streets. People dying, trapped in attics, waiting for rescue.
Children wrenched from parents. Tens of thousands of residents displaced forever
from homes they had lived in for generations. Official reports mostly blamed the
Bush administration for botched disaster relief efforts, but New Orleans Mayor
Ray Nagin and Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Babineaux Blanco, both Democrats, were
culpable, too.

b>ABU GHRAIB:

/b>The Iraq war has brought out the best and the worst in people. Surely one of
the worst of the worst examples: Baghdad Correctional Facility, where, in 2004,
American soldiers abused and degraded prisoners, forcing them to pose naked on
leashes and -- well, you get the point. Or maybe not.

"Compared to what they do to us, that's like nothing," convicted U.S. soldier
Lynndie England recently told the BBC, referring to cases where Americans were
tortured, abused and beheaded by insurgents. Yes, but to paraphrase Fox News'
Shepard Smith, "We are America. We do not [bleeping] torture."

b>ENRON

/b>: The ultimate symbol of corporate corruption in this decade. Thousands of
jobs and savings were wiped out when this American energy company went bankrupt
in 2001 after systematically engaging in accounting fraud. It was just the
beginning of a decade of a Wall Street nightmare that peaked in 2008 with the
collapse of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, among others, bringing the world's
economy down with it.

b>JACK ABRAMOFF:

/b> Sure, Rep. William Jefferson, D-La., stashed $90,000 in his freezer, but the
ultimate symbol of political corruption in this decade has to be Superlobbyist
Jack "the Gifter" Abramoff, who spread his largesse throughout Congress --
lavish meals, golf trips, foreign junkets -- and went to jail for it in 2006. A
number of congressmen, including House Republican leader Tom DeLay, then decided
not to run again. Did the Abramoff scandal change the influence-peddling culture
in Washington? Um, no. K Street lobbyists spent a record-shattering $3.3 billion
last year on Congress and the federal government, according to the Center for
Responsive Politics

There were other government scandals, too -- or maybe it all depends on your
perspective: Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff,
was convicted in 2007 of obstructing a federal investigation into the leak of
covert CIA operative Valerie Plame Wilson's identity to the press. Mr. Cheney
was outraged, however, when Mr. Bush didn't pardon him, calling Mr. Libby "one
of the most honest men I know."

For tragi-comic relief, there was Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich's boorish
attempt -- on tape -- to sell President Barack Obama's Senate seat to the
highest bidder. (He was actually the second Illinois governor to get caught with
his fingers in the cookie jar, following George Ryan, who was convicted in 2006
of corruption charges, including accepting bribes.)

b>TIGER WOODS:

/b> Wait a minute, scratch that category. No point in singling out Tiger all by
himself for his serial infidelities, although the most striking aspect of this
particular scandal, The New York Times' Frank Rich notes, "is the exceptional,
Enron-sized gap between this golfer's public image as a paragon of businesslike
discipline and focus and the maniacally reckless life we now know he led."

So, let's list Mr. Woods under:

b>CELEBRITY SEX SCANDALS:

/b>Tiger Woods -- still developing. David Letterman's office affairs. Mackenzie
Phillips' incest revelations. Roman Polanski's arrest. This last one is a
scandal either for A) the original crime committed decades ago -- sex with an
underage girl, B) Mr. Polanski's flight from the U.S. to avoid prosecution or C)
His arrest in Switzerland this year.

b>CELEBRITY BAD BEHAVIOR:

/b> Mel Gibson's anti-Semitic tirade at a Malibu police officer. Michael
Richards' racist rant during a stand-up comedy gig. "Grey's Anatomy" star Isaiah
Washington's slurs against gays. People, people! Can't we all just get along?

b> POLITICAL SEX SCANDALS:

/b> This can get complicated because political sex scandals often spill over
into the category of political corruption, involving, as they almost inevitably
do, hush money, trips paid for with taxpayer funds and "enablers" -- aides or
close relatives scrambling to cover up the bad behavior.

Sen. John Edwards' aide Andrew Young was all set to claim he fathered the baby
of Mr. Edwards' mistress Rielle Hunter. Sen. John Ensign's parents paid $96,000
in hush money to his mistress. South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford charged
high-priced airplane tickets to South America to see his Argentinian paramour,
in violation of state rules. Detroit's Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick was dogged with
allegations of conspiracy, perjury, obstruction of justice, marital infidelity,
abuse of power, nepotism, assaulting a police officer, and even murder -- but
ultimately, his "sexting" with his chief of staff brought him down.

Of all our scandal categories, this one, perhaps, is the most uniquely American,
given our conflicted, Puritanical-yet-prurient attitudes toward sex and
monogamy. But as long as human beings are lured by the pleasures of illicit
flesh, we'll have Mr. Woods texting cocktail waitresses, Mr. Sanford "hiking the
Appalachian Trail," Idaho Sen. Larry Craig toe-tapping in an airport men's room
stall, Mr. Edwards hiding from reporters in a hotel men's room, and Eliot
Spitzer -- "Client No. 9" -- dragging his wife up to the podium for his mea
culpa speech.

Indeed, there's so much more where this came from -- Gary Condit, Mark Foley,
David Vitter -- but we've run out of space. Sorry.DRAWING: Stacy
Innerst/Post-Gazette: There have been brilliant successes and low-down
disappointments. We go back stage to take just one more look as the decade takes
its final bow ... (Drawing, Page E-1)

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE BEST OF THE '00s: Scandal / Mackenzie Carpenter can be reached at
412-263-1949 or mcarpenter@post-gazette.com

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (For Three Photos) Governors Row of scandals: Former New York
Gov. Eliot Spitzer, former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, and South Carolina
Gov. Mark Sanford.\
DRAWING: Stacy Innerst/Post-Gazette: There have been brilliant successes and
low-down disappointments. We go back stage to take just one more look as the
decade takes its final bow ...

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              201 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                               November 18, 2007

Review: Books: [ CRIME ]: Elegy for the helpless as Katrina's ill wind blows:
Burke is at the top of his form as his veteran detective Dave Robicheaux tries
to bring order to the Big Easy: The Tin Roof Blowdown: James Lee Burke, Orion £
12.99, pp384

BYLINE: PETER GUTTRIDGE

SECTION: OBSERVER REVIEW BOOKS PAGES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 513 words


JAMES LEE BURKE'S writing has always had religious overtones, with its focus on
good and evil, forgiveness and revenge and the occasional intrusion of the
supernatural. Perhaps it's no surprise, then, that The Tin Roof Blowdown , about
a natural disaster of almost biblical proportions - the devastation wrought to
southern Louisiana by hurricane Katrina - is probably his finest novel.

It's the 16th book to feature Cajun detective Dave Robicheaux and it starts with
the destruction of New Orleans and the lawless chaos that followed. Robicheaux,
who has a problem keeping a handle on his anger at the best of times, is
outraged by the venality, criminality and incompetence that he must wade through
as he searches the flooded city for two looters and a junkie priest.

The looters, who are black men, are shot in a wealthy suburb because they make
the mistake of robbing the home of a major mobster. One of them is still alive
and Robicheaux must find him before the vengeful mobster does. At the same time,
he's trying to work out what has happened to the drug-addicted priest, who
disappeared in the Ninth Ward while trying to rescue his congregation. There are
also diamonds to be tracked down and a sadistic psychopath on the loose.

Robicheaux's search takes him through a world where there is no refuge for the
helpless or the innocent and where predators terrorise the flooded streets.
Burke shows the plight of the poor with moving immediacy. Corpses bob in the
filthy water or are skewered on the branches of trees. In this apocalyptic
setting, good and evil collide and Robicheaux sees both the worst and the best
in people.

Given Burke's passion for Louisiana, this novel could have gone horribly wrong
and turned into a rant. What shows his greatness as a writer and his mastery of
the genre is that, although his anger at what happened is evident, he doesn't
allow it to overwhelm the story. On the whole, his approach is measured (apart
from bits of Bush- and Fox News-bashing, which sit oddly) and he merges his
almost journalistic account of the aftermath of Katrina seamlessly with a
powerful crime plot. There is a touch of didacticism and this is certainly an
angry novel, but it is also thoughtful, sensitive and, as so often with Burke,
elegiac. His prose is as evocative as always although, faced with real horrors,
less lyrical and lush. Thinking in biblical terms again, The Tin Roof Blowdown
is both a lamentation and a testament. It certainly joins Spike Lee's
documentary about New Orleans as one of the most moving but clear-sighted
accounts of this terrible event.

Over the past two or three Robicheaux novels, I felt the series was becoming
predictable but here Burke is writing at the top of his form. It's quite an
achievement to make the 16th novel in a series a personal best, but it's more
than that - it stands comparison with the best of Southern fiction. I have no
idea how Burke can possibly follow it, but I can't wait to see him try.

To order The Tin Roof Blowdown for £ 11.99 with free UK p&p, go to
observer.co.uk/bookshop or call 0870 836 0885


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      December 22, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

MAMET SUCCUMBS TO PETTY MORALITY PLAY

BYLINE: Geoff Pevere

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 698 words



State And Main

Starring Alec Baldwin, Philip Seymour Hoffman, William H. Macy, Sarah Jessica
Parker, Julia Stiles. Written and directed by David Mamet. At Cumberland 4,
Bayview Village and Canada Square theatres.


On the arrogance and venality of the movie business - not the
 most urgent of subjects - playwright/screenwriter/director David
 Mamet is nearly as good as you'd expect, but only half as good as
 you'd hope.


The best part of Mamet's moviemaking-movie, State And Main, which is about the
spoiling effect a Hollywood production has on a leafy New England town, is the
first part, when the profanely cynical director played by William H. Macy makes
the necessary arrangements for the raping and pillaging of the unsuspecting
community of Waterford, Vt.

Cranking up the smarm for any rube gullible enough to give the budget- strapped
production something for nothing, Macy's Walt Price can turn to
carcass-shredding jackal on a dime.

When a crew member requests permission to attend the birth of his first child,
Price reacts with all the sensitivity of General Patton touring a mental ward.
It's a fine comic performance by one of the finest character actors around, and
it sets the hilariously sour tone for the movie's opening act.

We soon learn this is a production run out of a previous location by a scandal
involving its star (played with unwholesome bravado by Alec Baldwin) and a young
woman barely old enough to drive. We also learn that, when it comes to getting
what they want, nothing will be permitted to stand between these godless
Hollywood interlopers and the business they have descended upon Waterford to
conduct. Even if that business is as dubious as the making of a historical
stinker called The Old Mill.

Macy's Walt Price reacts with all the sensitivity of General Patton touring a
mental ward Enlisted to help the production write its way out of the
 unforeseen fact that Waterford's old mill no longer exists,
 Philip Seymour Hoffman's Joseph Turner White - a tweedy, anxious
 sort seeking his first screen credit - enters the picture and
 soon fills it up.

 State And Main becomes his story. The bullying, mendacity and wayward lust of
the movie crew takes a back seat to White's writerly crisis of moral integrity,
and the opportunity for a Preston Sturges-like satire on the corruptibility of
idyllic small-town America - a moviebiz-specific reworking of Hail The
Conquering Hero - which the movie's first part holds out with such salty
promise, goes out like a dampened flame. Almost immediately after White's
Mephistophelean pact with the movie devil, State And Main turns into something
rather less than urgent: a writer's movie about the systematic screwing of a
writer. By the movie business yet.

Before it gets distracted by this dull crisis of conscience, State And Main
boasts David Mamet doing what David Mamet does best: filling the mouths of
unpleasant and desperate people with terse blasts of verbiage, exposing the
giddy duplicity of people caught up in the business of high-stakes deception.
Clearly a director performers scramble to play with, Mamet draws terrific
performances from everybody - Macy, Baldwin, David Paymer, Sarah Jessica Parker
and Rebecca Pidgeon - save the normally impressive Hoffman, who is here left
with not much to do but adjust his glasses and perspire over doing the right
thing.

Unfortunately, what's good for the conscience isn't necessarily good for comedy,
and it's telling that the funniest and sharpest parts of State And Main are
those that - like Mamet's best work - depict people anxiously squirming their
way as far from the right thing as possible.

In retrospect, perhaps one of the saving graces of Glengarry Glen Ross, Mamet's
ruthlessly funny play about the ethical frontier of salesmanship, is that there
are no writers in the real estate game. When Mamet's new movie sticks to
depicting the contagious amorality spread by the movie business, it's darkly
dirty fun. When it turns to a writer's struggle to protect his integrity from
compromise and corruption, it depicts a considerably less entertaining form of
self-deception.


LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: INVASION OF THE TOWN SNATCHERS:
 Lonnie Smith, left, and William H. Macy help turn a Vermont burg upside down in
David Mamet's State And Main.

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              203 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 15, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Movies;
'Money' Troubles

Megan Rosenfeld, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B8

LENGTH: 501 words


"Money for Nothing" is a movie that is almost very good; it gets close to being
a deft modern fable but flirts with cheap comedy too often to make a solid
commitment.

It has a meaty premise: the corrupting but irresistible lure of free money,
specifically $ 1.2 million found by an unemployed longshoreman (John Cusack)
after it falls out of an armored car. Writers Tom Musca (who also produced) and
Ramon Menendez (who also directed) make it clear from the outset that this will
be a complex tale; the money was lost because of the venality of the company's
owners. If they hadn't laid off the employee who rode in the back with the
money, stinted on vehicle maintenance and enforced a tight delivery deadline,
the money never would have fallen off the truck in the first place.

Set in gritty, working-class Philadelphia (played by gritty, working-class
Pittsburgh), the characters are struggling to survive. Families are close, like
the row houses in which they live, each one leaning against the next in a mutual
effort to keep from tumbling down.

When Joey Coyle and his friend Kenny Kozlowski find the money on their way back
from another fruitless morning waiting for work, their reactions are completely
different. The ingenuous Kozlowski (Michael Rapaport) recoils with horror -- the
money must be given back, he argues; it isn't theirs, they will get in trouble.

Likewise Coyle's older brother, Billy, is utterly convinced of the wrongness of
keeping the money. But his character presents another element of moral
ambiguity: As the longshoreman in charge of calling the day's workers, he won't
hire his brother so as not to appear to show favoritism. As a result the younger
Coyle is jobless, facing an uncertain future and sure that keeping the money is
his one chance.

(Cusack is well cast in the role of Joey Coyle; he looks more Italian than
Irish, but since the whole cast of characters is generic white ethnic, you stop
noticing.)

Unfortunately for his dreams, he is too unworldly to do a very good job of
keeping the secret. He passes out $ 100 bills to the homeless (who promptly ask
for more), buys drinks for everyone and drinks a lot himself. He contacts the
local mob (through the neighborhood bad guy, inevitably named Dino but played
superbly by a little-known actor named Benicio del Toro) to launder half the
money. He gets taken, and this is just the beginning of his slide into
corruption. Soon he is carrying a gun, threatening people and going crazy with
desperation. Even his attempts to hide the bills are stupid: The toilet
overflows; he falls through the attic.

Then the movie veers into a crude caper and chase, all but abandoning the black
comedy that has been so artfully set up. As long as the filmmakers stick to the
specific, deeply textured reality of the neighborhood, the movie works; once
they begin to broaden it, the flavor, and the poignancy, vanish.


Money for Nothing, at area theaters, is rated R. It contains some nudity and
profanity.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOHN CUSACK HITS IT BIG IN "MONEYFOR NOTHING."

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              204 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

LOOK WHO'S BACK (...AND NO, IT'S NOT ALL A DREAM!)

BYLINE: BY LINA DAS

LENGTH: 1609 words


A frail, elderly man sits and stares out of the window of a nursing home deep in
the heart of Texas. He is contemplating the ruins of his life; his wife has left
him, his son has been estranged for many years and the business empire he had
kept afloat through a combination of guile, venality and sheer bloody-mindedness
has all but crumbled to dust.

In his depression, he barely registers his brother's plea that their own
children should not suffer the same fall-out that they once did: All the
bitterness and bad blood you and I had I don't want them to be like us,' says
his sibling.

The man says nothing until his son, John Ross, makes a surprise visit. Bobby's
selling Southfork, Dad. I hit a two billion-barrel oil reserve but he won't hear
of drilling,' he says and suddenly, the sleeping giant is raised from his
slumber: the word oil' always did have that effect on him.

The old man's eyes ignite. Bobby was always a fool,' he says, smiling that
familiar reptilian smile. We've got some catching up to do, son.'

J.R. Ewing is back in business.

After an absence of 21 years, Dallas returned to U.S. TV screens on Wednesday
and no, it wasn't all a dream. Bobby, Sue Ellen and of course the dastardly J.R.
are back and it was as if they'd never been away.

Sex, scheming, sibling rivalry and those interminable family lunches they are
all present and correct, along with that same rousing theme tune.

As well as promising to be sexier, edgier and more fast-paced than the original
series', the masterstroke has been to bring back the show's illustrious
old-timers: Patrick Duffy as Bobby Ewing, Linda Gray as J.R.'s former wife Sue
Ellen, and, of course, Larry Hagman as the show's resident anti-hero J.R.

As Hagman himself says: It would have been silly to do the show without us
because we bring an in-built audience with us,' adding: And who else was going
to play J.R?'

He's in his 80s now with shorter hair and longer eyebrows, but Hagman as J.R.
can still command a scene like nobody's business, as I discovered when I watched
the first episode this week. When we pick up the action, the Ewings are once
more mired in family crisis.

John Ross, J.R.'s wildcat son (played by Josh Henderson) has been secretly
drilling on Southfork when he strikes oil. Unfortunately, the ranch is now in
the hands of Bobby, who is planning to sell it and pass on the proceeds to his
adopted son Christopher (Jesse Metcalfe) a green fuel campaigner.

J.R. may have lost his wealth and even his home, but once he gets wind of
Bobby's plan, all those latent Ewing fighting muscles spring into action and he
prepares to battle his brother once more for control of the family empire, this
time dragging their respective sons into the fray.

Christopher tells John Ross: You and I we've been on opposite tracks since we
were born' and the scene is set for a new generation of Ewing feuding to begin.

As the Ewing sons square up for a confrontation both on the business and
romantic fronts, other rivalries, old and new emerge. Both are in love with
Elena Ramos, the daughter of Southfork's cook, played by Jordana Brewster,
although Christopher is preparing to marry fiancée Rebecca Sutter (Julie
Gonzalo).

Sue Ellen, once a quivering drunk entirely in J.R.'s thrall, returns to
Southfork sober, smarter and, believe it or not, now an influential Texas
politician.

It was she who introduced Bobby to his new wife Ann (Brenda Strong) a rancher
with a secret past and although the two women are ostensibly friends, the
rivalry between John Ross and Christopher could soon put their friendship in
jeopardy.

But for J.R., things couldn't be worse: his old adversary Cliff Barnes (Ken
Kercheval) has now gained control of Ewing Oil. As Linda Gray says: Cliff's now
a billionaire with his own jet and a Maybach car. It's J.R.'s ultimate
nightmare!'

During the second episode, Bobby's wife Ann tells J.R: It's nice to be in the
company of a legend' and although referring to the mellifluously evil Ewing
patriarch, she could just as easily be talking about Hagman himself.

He is 80 now and was diagnosed with cancer last year, but has lost none of his
celebrated charisma. Asked whether J.R. still has an eye for the ladies in the
new series, he says: Well, he might, but it hasn't happened in the first ten
episodes, so I'm going to have to have a word with them about that,' a J.R.
gleam briefly flitting across his eyes.

They could give me someone younger and since anyone who's under 65 seems young
to me, that shouldn't be too difficult,' he jokes. Getting back into the show
this time was like coming home it just felt right.

I don't even know whether I'm in or out of J.R. any more he's become such a part
of me. He's rubbed off on me and I've rubbed off on him and I've even
incorporated some of J.R.'s personality into mine. When I think people want to
see that, I use it. It's like learning a language . . . the language of lying!'

He's particularly happy to be reunited with Patrick Duffy and Linda Gray once
more friends since the show's inception 35 years ago especially as we couldn't
work together on other projects because we would have had the stigma of Dallas
attached to us.

People were reluctant to hire me after the show ended because I'd been so
strongly connected to the character of J.R., but luckily I made enough money in
that time to not give a s***.'

Hagman was a renowned party man during the filming of the original series,
riding his scooter on set, with Linda Gray wearing a cocktail dress and 3in
heels on pillion, and drinking five bottles of champagne a day until he
developed cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 and had to have a liver transplant.

Linda, who at 71 looks 20 years younger, is relieved to be finally free of Sue
Ellen's seemingly endless cycle of, having affairs, drinking, having affairs,
drinking,' she says.

Now she's in control of her life and has political power, although she has a lot
of guilt because she took away her son John Ross from his father J.R.' And does
Sue Ellen treat herself to a toyboy? Not yet. She's too busy for that. But you
never know.'

The only senior Ewing who does have time for love, it seems, is good old
dependable Bobby, now happily ensconced with his third wife Ann.

Having mislaid his first wife Pamela (Victoria Principal) after a car crash and
losing his second wife April Stevens (Sheree J. Wilson) to kidnappers, Bobby
hopes that his marriage to Ann, played by the statuesque Brenda Strong, will be
plain-sailing.

However, Bobby has just been diagnosed with cancer. Ann is a strong, feisty
woman who loves Bobby and likes going toe-to-toe with J.R.,' says Brenda,
although there are things in her past that come back to haunt her.'

Patrick Duffy is still very handsome and at 63 is barely distinguishable from
the Bobby of old, save for a few more grey hairs. Bobby won't be taking off his
shirt nearly as much as he used to,' says Duffy, because I think that's more a
job for the younger guys.'

Bobby's most famous and most pilloried scene, where he emerged from the shower
after a year-long dream season' of Dallas (Pamela had dreamt the death of her
husband) has been used to promote the new show on U.S. billboards.

They ran a picture of all of us in towels [left], emerging from the shower with
the tagline: "They're back, and no, you're not dreaming",' says Duffy. They
wanted to pick a seminal moment from the show to advertise the new series and
since they couldn't shoot everyone [a reference to the famous "Who shot J.R.?"
storyline], they then figured the shower scene was the next best thing.

It's noticeable,' he adds, that the three of us old actors were in the back and
all the young actors were in the front.'

So how did the younger ones feel about setting foot on the hallowed Dallas turf
with its most iconic stars? It was a little daunting, especially meeting J.R.
for the first time,' says 33-year-old Jesse Metcalfe, who plays Bobby's son
Christopher.

But Larry had everyone over to his house for dinner before filming began and
that really broke the ice. Larry, Linda and Patrick were so welcoming. And
Larry, thank God, is nothing like his character.'

As J.R.'s son, 30-year-old Josh Henderson is aware that, I have very big shoes
to fill and very early on, John Ross even tries to get one-up on J.R'.

Whether he can ever succeed remains to be seen, although J.R. has lost none of
his ability to cut people down to size. Son,' he tells John Ross at one point,
never pass up a good chance to shut up'.

So, how does Dallas 2012 differ from the original series? Well, there's a lot of
skin and a lot of sex,' Henderson promises the first semi-sex scene comes in the
first five minutes. But everything that was great about the original is there
too the backstabbing, the blackmailing and the excess living.'

With J.R., Sue Ellen and Bobby forming the backbone of the series and with old
Dallas favourites Lucy Ewing (J.R.'s niece, played by Charlene Tilton) and
J.R.'s half-brother Ray Krebbs (Steve Kanaly) all making their appearances in
the pilot episode, and Cliff Barnes due to appear later, the only question that
remains is: will the new series measure up?

Will Sue Ellen and Ann Ewing catfight their way into the outdoor swimming pool
and will there ever be another Oil Baron's Ball (the second episode features a
Cattle Baron's Ball, but that's really not the same thing)?

You'll have to wait on the last two,' says Hagman. As for whether Dallas will be
a success again? Who knows? I think it will be because somebody somewhere wants
to make some money,' he laughs, and that's always a great incentive.'

J.R. Ewing couldn't have put it better himself.

? Dallas is on Channel 5 later this year.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2012 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                              June 15, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

IT'S NOT A DREAM... LOOK WHO'S BACK!;
Dallas returns with new faces, but don't worry, R. is still at the heart of all
the blackmail, backstabbing and family feuds

BYLINE: Lina Das

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28,29

LENGTH: 1836 words


A FRAIL, elderly man sits and stares out of the window of a nursing home deep in
the heart of Texas. He is contemplating the ruins of his life; his wife has left
him, his son has been estranged for many years and the business empire he had
kept afloat through a combination of guile, venality and sheer bloody-mindedness
has all but crumbled to dust.

In his depression, he barely registers his brother's plea that their own
children should not suffer the same fall-out that they once did: 'All the
bitterness and bad blood you and I had - I don't want them to be like us,' says
his sibling.

The man says nothing until his son, John Ross, makes a surprise visit. 'Bobby's
selling Southfork, Dad. I hit a two billion-barrel oil reserve but he won't hear
of drilling,' he says and suddenly, the sleeping giant is raised from his
slumber: the word 'oil' always did have that effect on him. The old man's eyes
ignite. 'Bobby was always a fool,' he says, smiling that familiar reptilian
smile. 'We've got some catching up to do, son.'

J.R. Ewing is back in business. After an absence of 21 years, Dallas returned to
U.S. TV screens on Wednesday - and no, it wasn't all a dream. Bobby, Sue Ellen
and of course the dastardly J.R. are back and it was as if they'd never been
away.

Sex, scheming, sibling rivalry and those interminable family lunches - they are
all present and correct, along with that same rousing theme tune.

As well as promising to be 'sexier, edgier and more fast-paced than the original
series', the masterstroke has been to bring back the show's illustrious
old-timers: Patrick Duffy as Bobby Ewing, Linda Gray as J.R.'s former wife Sue
Ellen, and, of course, Larry Hagman as the show's resident anti-hero J.R.

As Hagman himself says: 'It would have been silly to do the show without us
because we bring an in-built audience with us,' adding: 'And who else was going
to play J.R?'

He's in his 80s now with shorter hair and longer eyebrows, but Hagman as J.R.
can still command a scene like nobody's business, as I discovered when I watched
the first episode this week. When we pick up the action, the Ewings are once
more mired in family crisis.

John Ross, J.R.'s wildcat son (played by Josh Henderson) has been secretly
drilling on Southfork when he strikes oil. Unfortunately, the ranch is now in
the hands of Bobby, who is planning to sell it and pass on the proceeds to his
adopted son Christopher (Jesse Metcalfe) - a green fuel campaigner.

J.R. may have lost his wealth and even his home, but once he gets wind of
Bobby's plan, all those latent Ewing fighting muscles spring into action and he
prepares to battle his brother once more for control of the family empire, this
time dragging their sons into the fray.

CHRISTOPHER tells John Ross: 'You and I - we've been on opposite tracks since we
were born' and the scene is set for a new generation of Ewing feuding to begin.

As the Ewing sons square up for a confrontation both on the business and
romantic fronts, other rivalries, old and new emerge. Both are in love with
Elena Ramos, the daughter of Southfork's cook, played by Jordana Brewster,
although Christopher is preparing to marry fiancée Rebecca Sutter (Julie
Gonzalo).

Sue Ellen, once a quivering drunk entirely in J.R.'s thrall, returns to
Southfork sober, smarter and, believe it or not, now an influential Texas
politician. It was she who introduced Bobby to his new wife Ann (Brenda Strong)
- a rancher with a secret past - and although the two women are friends, the
rivalry between John Ross and Christopher could soon put their friendship in
jeopardy.

For J.R., things couldn't be worse: his old adversary Cliff Barnes (Ken
Kercheval) has now gained control of Ewing Oil. As Linda Gray says: 'Cliff's now
a billionaire with his own jet and a Maybach car. It's J.R.'s ultimate
nightmare!'

During the second episode, Bobby's wife Ann tells J.R: 'It's nice to be in the
company of a legend' - and although referring to the mellifluously evil Ewing
patriarch, she could just as easily be talking about Hagman himself.

He is 80 now and was diagnosed with cancer last year, but has lost none of his
celebrated charisma. Asked whether J.R. still has an eye for the ladies in the
new series, he says: 'Well, he might, but it hasn't happened in the first ten
episodes, so I'm going to have to have a word with them about that,' a J.R.
gleam briefly flitting across his eyes.

'They could give me someone younger and since anyone who's under 65 seems young
to me, that shouldn't be too difficult,' he jokes. 'Getting back into the show
this time was like coming home - it just felt right.

'I don't even know whether I'm in or out of J.R. any more - he's become such a
part of me. He's rubbed off on me and I've rubbed off on him and I've even
incorporated some of J.R.'s personality into mine. When I think people want to
see that, I use it. It's like learning a language...the language of lying!' He's
particularly happy to be reunited with Patrick Duffy and Linda Gray once more -
friends since the show's inception 35 years ago - 'especially as we couldn't
work together on other projects because we would have had the stigma of Dallas
attached to us.

'People were reluctant to hire me after the show ended because I'd been so
strongly connected to the character of J.R., but luckily I made enough money in
that time to not give a s***.'

Hagman was a renowned party man during the filming of the original series,
riding his scooter on set, with Linda Gray wearing a cocktail dress and 3in
heels on pillion, and drinking five bottles of champagne a day until he
developed cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 and had to have a liver transplant.
Linda, who at 71 looks 20 years younger, is relieved to be finally free of Sue
Ellen's seemingly endless cycle of, 'having affairs, drinking, having affairs,
drinking,' she says.

'Now she's in control of her life and has political power, although she has a
lot of guilt because she took away her son John Ross from his father J.R.' And
does Sue Ellen treat herself to a toyboy? 'Not yet. She's too busy for that. But
you never know.'

The only senior Ewing who does have time for love, it seems, is good old
dependable Bobby, now happily ensconced with his third wife Ann.

Having mislaid his first wife Pamela (Victoria Principal) after a car crash and
losing his second wife April Stevens (Sheree J. Wilson) to kidnappers, Bobby
hopes that his marriage to Ann, played by the statuesque Brenda Strong, will be
plain-sailing.

However, Bobby has just been diagnosed with cancer. 'Ann is a strong, feisty
woman who loves Bobby and likes going toe-to-toe with J.R.,' says Brenda,
'although things in her past that come back to haunt her.'

Patrick Duffy is still very handsome and at 63 is barely distinguishable from
the Bobby of old, save for a few more grey hairs.

'Bobby won't be taking off his shirt nearly as much as he used to,' says Duffy,
'because I think that's more a job for the younger guys.'

Bobby's most famous - and most pilloried - scene, where he emerged from the
shower after a year-long 'dream season' of Dallas (Pamela had dreamt the death
of her husband) has been used to promote the new show on U.S. billboards.

'They ran a picture of all of us in towels [above], emerging from the shower
with the tagline: "They're back, and no, you're not dreaming",' says Duffy.
'They wanted to pick a seminal moment from the show to advertise the new series
and since they couldn't shoot everyone [a reference to the famous "Who shot
J.R.?" storyline], they then figured the shower scene was the next best thing.

'It's noticeable,' he adds, 'that the three of us old actors were in the back
and all the young actors were in the front.' So how did the younger ones feel
about setting foot on the hallowed Dallas turf with its most iconic stars? 'It
was a little daunting, especially meeting J.R. for the first time,' says
33-year-old Jesse Metcalfe, who plays Bobby's son Christopher.

But Larry had everyone over to his house for dinner before filming began and
that really broke the ice. Larry, Linda and Patrick were so welcoming. And
Larry, thank God, is nothing like his character.'

As J.R.'s son, 30-year-old Josh Henderson is aware that, 'I have very big shoes
to fill and very early on, John Ross even tries to get one-up on J.R'.

Whether he can ever succeed remains to be seen, although J.R. has lost none of
his ability to cut people down to size. 'Son,' he tells John Ross at one point,
'never pass up a good chance to shut up'.

So, how does Dallas 2012 differ from the original? 'Well, there's a lot of skin
and a lot of sex,' Henderson promises - the first semi-sex scene comes in the
first five minutes. 'But everything that was great about the original is there -
the backstabbing, the blackmailing and the excess living.'

With J.R., Sue Ellen and Bobby forming the backbone of the series and with old
Dallas favourites Lucy Ewing (J.R.'s niece, played by Charlene Tilton) and
J.R.'s half-brother Ray Krebbs (Steve Kanaly) all making their appearances in
the pilot episode, and Cliff Barnes due to appear later, the only question that
remains is: will the new series measure up?

Will Sue Ellen and Ann Ewing catfight their way into the outdoor swimming pool
and will there ever be another Oil Baron's Ball (the second episode features a
Cattle Baron's Ball, but that's really not the same thing)?

'You'll have to wait on the last two,' says Hagman. 'As for whether Dallas will
be a success again? Who knows? I think it will be because somebody somewhere
wants to make some money,' he laughs, 'and that's always a great incentive.'
J.R. Ewing couldn't have put it better himself.

DALLAS is on Channel 5 later this year.

'BLOOD'S THICKER THAN WATER, BUT OIL'S THICKER THAN BOTH' - MEET THE EWINGS

SUE ELLEN EWING (Linda Gray). Once described as 'a drunk, a tramp and an unfit
mother', she returns to Southfork sober and powerful.

J.R. EWING (Larry Hagman). After years in a nursing home, J.R. is back with a
vengeance. He says: 'Blood may be thicker than water, but oil is thicker than
both.'

JOHN ROSS EWING (Josh Henderson). The highly ambitious son of J.R. and Sue Ellen
clashes mightily with his campaigning cousin Christopher over business - and, of
course, romance.

ELENA RAMOS (Jordana Brewster). Growing up around the Ewing cousins, beautiful
cook's daughter Elena is the centre of a Christopher/John Ross love triangle.

CHRISTOPHER EWING (Jesse Metcalfe). The adopted son of Bobby and first wife
Pamela, he feels like an outsider. Now engaged to the beautiful Rebecca Sutter,
although he is in love with another.

REBECCA SUTTER (Julie Gonzalo). A self-made woman, she met Christopher just a
few days after his broken engagement to Elena. Has a few secrets of her own too.

BOBBY EWING (Patrick Duffy). The current owner of Southfork. But feuding with
brother J.R. once more threatens the stability of the Ewings.

ANN EWING (Brenda Strong). Bobby's shooting, riding third wife who is well
capable of putting J.R. firmly in his place, though her past could derail her
present.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: What a shower: J.R. and Bobby's families take the family feud to a new
level. Above: J.R. and Sue Ellen in the original series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2012 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 14, 1989 Friday

U.S. House speaker vows to fight ethics charges with 'every   fibre'

BYLINE: COLIN MacKENZIE; GAM

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  COLIN MacKENZIE
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  WASHINGTON
    Just as James Wright 's future looked bleakest yesterday, the
embattled Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives announced that he
would fight the ethics charges he is facing.

A day after the House ethics committee voted to recommend his censure
on 30 charges of breaching the institution's code of conduct, the 66-year-
old Texas Democrat said he never knowingly broke any rules and would
contest the allegations with 'my every fibre.'
   This sets the stage for a protracted drama in committee hearings and on
the floor of the House. If Mr. Wright is supported by his Democratic
colleagues, he will likely prevail. But the fact that two Democrats voted
along with the Republicans in the 8-4 ethics committee balloting on
Wednesday does not bode well for the Speaker.

'There is a recognition by virtually all the people I would consider
professional politicians that he will not survive,' Robert Mrazek, a New  York
Democrat, told The New York Times on Wednesday.

Nonetheless, Mr. Wright was flanked by almost 100 of his colleagues
yesterday as he announced his intention to fight on. This is a testament
to the power he still wields as Speaker, a job that gives Mr. Wright
control over the flow of legislation and committee assignments for
members.

The probe, which has lasted 10 months now and cost more than $10-
million (U.S.), has transfixed the Washington political community, but
appears to have limited appeal in the country at large, even though
Republicans are hoping to use it to paint the Democrats as the party of
venality.

'The real problem in trying to make this a big story is that,  unfortunately,
most people think this sort of behavior is typical of  Congress,' said Stephen
Hess, an analyst at the Brookings Institution, a  think tank.

Mr. Wright's problems started with an unusual royalty deal he received
on his book, Reflections of a Public Man. In contrast to the usual
publishing industry rate of about 15 per cent, Mr. Wright received 55 per
cent of the $5.95 a copy price from his publisher, a Fort Worth company
owned by a long-time supporter, which was publishing its first, and so far
only book.

It later turned out that the book was largely assembled by a staff
member, and sold in bulk to lobbyists and organizations that had invited
Mr. Wright to speak. There are limits on how much money a congressman may
receive in fees for such speeches, but none on how many books may be sold.
In all, Mr. Wright has made $55,000 from sales of the 117-page book.

But the Speaker's major problem now stems from longstanding financial
arrangements he has had with George Mallick, a Texas businessman and
Wright supporter.

The ethics committee ruled this week that there are 27 separate
violations of the rules in connection with the Mallick-Wright alliance.
Mr. Mallick hired Mr. Wright's wife at $18,000 a year, gave her a car and
lent the couple an apartment.

Mr. Wright insisted yesterday that the transactions were above-board.

But the committee's decision to treat Mr. Mallick as a person with an
interest in legislation before Congress makes the formal charges more akin
to bribery than simple failure to report contributions.

Some Democrats argue that by ruling that Mr. Mallick has an interest in
legislation, even though he and his companies have never had government
contracts, the committee is sharply restricting the friendships a member
of Congress can have.

The process is expected to proceed next week with the committee
formally issuing its report. Mr. Wright then has 21 days to defend himself
as the committee decides what sanctions to seek.

The recommendation then goes to the floor of the House for debate and a
vote.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 557 words


Drivers should take care with bicyclists

In response to Jennifer Reinoehl's letter on Sept. 24, her criticism applies to
vehicle drivers more than bicyclists. As a bicyclist on the north side of town,
I couldn't tell you how many times drivers have not moved over enough when
passing me up on a two-lane road. Drivers need to be more careful and pass
bicyclists in the right manner, as well as do it with concern for human life.
Vehicle drivers also do not allow enough distance for safety in passing
bicycles.

Drivers should also be more careful when stopping on busy roads and not obstruct
the crosswalk on busy roads like Cleveland Road and Indiana 933. Safety concerns
aren't all slanted toward bicyclists like Reinoehl tried to state in her letter.
I have ridden my bike for many years because I can't afford a car and I do obey
all the traffic laws. I always stop at traffic signals and stop signs, ride far
on the right side of two-lane roads and wait for cars when they are coming on a
road I am turning onto as well.

Jeff Simon South Bend Exploitation Perhaps the only issue Indiana Chamber of
Commerce President Kevin Brinegar did not address during his beatification of
Indiana's disingenuously named "right-to-work" law is its reality (Tribune, Aug.
17). Basically what this law does is wave a flag of venality proclaiming, "If
the corporate lawlessness endorsed by Indiana Courts under the 'at-will'
employment doctrine cannot lure you to our state, perhaps the unmitigated
ability to exploit your workers will."

I have always been mystified by people who sanction abuses, exploitations and
deprivations against their fellow human beings in the name of "business" that
they would not wish upon their worst enemies in the name of vengeance.

If any solace can be taken however, it is in the fact that greed is a finite
god. Like all mortal beings, Brinegar and his ilk will one day discover that the
ultimate success of one's life will not be measured by what was carried in the
pockets, but what was carried in the heart.

David R. Hoffman

Mishawaka

Mourdock

Why did Mitch Daniels ACTIVELY campaign for Sen. Richard Lugar in the Republican
primary? Daniels favored Lugar over Richard Mourdock. I wonder if it is because
he knows that six years of Mourdock in the U.S. Senate would have a detrimental
effect on all that he accomplished for the people and the economy of Indiana.

Indiana does not need to move backward. Mourdock endangers everything that
Daniels has done to improve the economic lives of the people of Indiana. Mr.
Mourdock will only follow the instructions of the select few, like Grover
Norquist and Chris Chocola, with whom he tries to curry favor.

Lugar, Rep. Fred Upton, Republican from Michigan, and Joe Donnelly actually did
something to protect auto industry jobs and the supporting industries in Indiana
and Michigan. Their action was instrumental in preserving thousands of jobs and
allowing for the expansion of the auto-related industry in Indiana and of the RV
industry in Elkhart.

Don't be deceived by the out-of-state hucksters of Mourdock and their
distortions.

Donnelly has proven that he listens and works with others for the common good of
the people of Indiana. He is better suited to continue the progress of Daniels,
even though they may be of different political parties.

Larry Koepfle

South Bend

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday

A cold 'Harvest';
It's heavy on the noir, light on warmth

BYLINE: GARY THOMPSON, thompsg@phillynews.com

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 482 words


Eggnog, fruitcake, Billy Bob Thornton getting drunk and pulling a heist on
Christmas Eve.

Another Yule tradition, born of "Bad Santa" and honored now with "Ice Harvest,"
a movie that teams Thornton with director Harold Ramis, whom the ads trumpet as
the director of "Caddyshack" and "Groundhog Day."

Are you pumped for a laugh-out-loud comedy? Hold on a minute. "Ice Harvest"
isn't really a comedy, certainly not like anything Ramis has made before. Or as
good.

It's much darker - darker than "Fargo," which it superficially resembles.
Treachery, deceit, venality on a snow-swept prairie? Creepy people in some
second-tier city (Omaha, Neb.) thrashing each other over a suitcase full of
cash?

You betcha.

Thornton plays a local big-shot who partners with a crooked mob lawyer (John
Cusack) to skim and steal money from a beefy hooligan (Randy Quaid, channeling
Broderick Crawford) who owns a string of seedy strip joints.

There's a dame (Connie Nielsen, given nothing to do), of course, and the whole
thing leans in the direction of noir send-up. (If you want to see this done
well, try "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" if it's still around.)

But "Ice Harvest" isn't much fun, not even when Thornton launches into some
misanthropic monologue about how much he'll enjoy leaving his fat wife. What you
feel isn't Thornton's flair for such speeches, but the movie's pitiless
attitude.

"Ice Harvest" is a cruel-feeling portrait of upper middle class hollowness - bad
marriages, tacky decorations, alcoholism, faithlessness, lax parenting and
general moral drift.

The signature character in "Ice Harvest" turns out to have no connection to the
crime that drives the plot. He's just another lonely man in a suit, played by
Oliver Platt, a fellow who drinks to obliterate the pain of his sham marriage.
He moans that the world is no longer a "place for men." So on top of everything
else, you're looking at second-rate David Mamet.

None of the characters feels anything for the others, and so it's difficult to
care when a double-cross occurs. Ramis tries to raise the pitch of the scenes
with grotesque violence - a man is held in place by a knife driven through his
foot and into the floor. Given the movie's condescending view of Christmas, it's
a tacky choice.

The plot and the movie might have benefitted from an ingenious, inventive
character like Marge in "Fargo," a moral rock around whom a tempest of
immorality could rage. But there is no center in "Ice Harvest," only Cusack's
character, a man whose disinterested surface conceals nothing.

Give "Ice Harvest" credit for one thing though - unlike the Christmas-bashing
"Surviving Christmas," "Christmas With the Kranks" and even "Bad Santa" - it
maintains its contempt for the season to the very end.

Produced by Albert Berger and Ron Yerxa, directed by Harold Ramis, written by
Richard Russo and Robert Benton, music by David Kitay, distributed by Focus
Features.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 2, 2004 Friday

Old? Yes. But we like to watch

BYLINE: JOHANNA SCHNELLER

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; THE MOVIEGOER; Pg. R1

LENGTH: 1087 words


You know what's missing from the summer movie ads? Me. In the ubiquitous
cacophony that are the commercials for The Chronicles of Riddick or Around the
World in 80 Days or Spider-Man 2, I see quick cuts and hear a lot of f/x noise,
but nothing that makes me want to haul my heiny off the sofa and go.

And that's a big too bad for Hollywood, because according to Variety, I am
actually a decade younger than the fastest-growing movie-going demographic these
days, the over-50s.

Surprised to hear that? I was. Sifting through the summer movie posters, you
would think we all lived in that Star Trek episode where grumps who hit 30 are
summarily killed. (Wait - they do live like that in L.A. Hence all the Botox.)

But while overall movie ticket sales were down 4 per cent in the United States
and 5 per cent overseas last year, ticket sales for those aged 50-to-dead were
up a startling 20 per cent.

You would think sheer venality (Hollywood's specialty) would mean that every
studio would assign some smart-aleck whippersnapper Wharton grad in its
marketing department to the gray beat, but no. They're still focused on courting
our kids, even though - what with the cellphone camera thingies and the i-pod
doodads and the video-game-box whatzes with which today's teens distract
themselves - the studios had to spend 28 per cent more on advertising in 2003
than they did in 2002, which was already twenty-something per cent more than
they spent in 2001, and so on.

The baby-boom generation, accustomed to getting plenty of what it wants, has
begun to make some noise, however. The American Association of Retired Persons
has started awarding an annual "Movies for Grownups" trophy, called La Chaise
d'Or. (Ooh my, we may be old but we sure are a hoot!) Last year's winners were
Mystic River and A Mighty Wind, two movies that starred people in their 40s, but
were nonetheless perfect for AARP's constituents because they're both about
memory, about reaching backward to figure out how the hell you got here.

As well, the runaway success of a film like Something's Gotta Give always sends
a few studio heads scrambling to ape it. So it's not all Dodgeball and White
Chicks this summer.

There's lots of promising grown-up fare: De-Lovely, the Cole Porter biopic
starring Kevin Kline; The Door in the Floor, about a crisis in a long marriage,
starring Jeff Bridges and Kim Basinger - who both look as absurdly beautiful
with wrinkles as they did without them; The Manchurian Candidate remake starring
Denzel Washington and Meryl Streep, both in full-throttle, intense-crazy mode;
The Clearing, a kidnap thriller in which Willem Dafoe and Robert Redford go
mano-a-mano (or wattle-a-wattle); and Shall We Dance? in which Richard Gere
dispels middle-aged torpor by taking dance lessons from Jennifer Lopez.

These are films that could actually satisfy adults without condescending to
them, unlike, say, The Notebook, which is lovely in its flashbacks but so
spectacularly icky in its present day nursing-home scenes that fiftysomethings
may run screaming from the theatre, never to return.

The thing that Hollywood is overlooking is that any film with any intelligence
whatsoever behind it could be marketed to adults.

Fiftysomethings would be just as willing to see I, Robot, the Will Smith
thriller; or King Arthur's sexy knights; or Halle Berry in Catwoman (in his 50s,
my dear old dad was crazy for Julie Newmar as Catwoman on the Batman TV show);
or Tom Cruise as a bad guy in Collateral. I'm sure they'd line up for The
Village, the newest M. Night Shyamalan spookfest, even though the commercials
play up its younger stars Joaquin Phoenix and Adrien Brody, and hide its
oldsters William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver in the shadows.

Even though fiftysomethings may be a bit paunchier than the stars of A Home at
the End of the World (Colin Farrell, Robin Wright Penn), Before Sunset (Ethan
Hawke, Julie Delpy), or We Don't Live Here Anymore (Mark Ruffalo and Laura Dern,
and Peter Krause and Naomi Watts), they can still relate to those films' themes
of love damaged and lost.

The marketing machine, you see, is too squeamish to admit that it wants the AARP
and its ilk. Those Hollywood honchos are as terrified of tainting their movies
with the stale smell of old folks as they are of aging themselves. They think
that if the oldsters are going, the youngsters won't want to, and kids aged 16
to 20 are still the most frequent filmgoers, averaging more than one movie a
month.

But the marketers are missing the boat, if you ask me. They're the ones with the
old-fogey ideas. This is the youngest generation of fifty and sixtysomethings in
history - the most open, the most experienced, the most unshockable, the most
interested. This is the generation that's flocking to documentaries, making them
box-office powerhouses for the first time. This is the generation that wants to
hear the truth about Cole Porter's double life; that admits freely that fidelity
can be a bitch.

This is the generation that grew up believing that movies were more than
entertainment, they were art; that believed that a Midnight Cowboy or Easy Rider
, a Bonnie and Clyde or French import could change the world; that still holds
out hope every time they buy a ticket that they'll see something ambitious.

There's a golden opportunity here, if only some hungry honcho would seize it.

Instead of marketing Saved as a teen movie, pitch it to parents, to whom its
gently subversive humour would really appeal. Instead of marketing Eternal
Sunshine of the Spotless Mind as a Jim Carrey movie, sell it as what it is: a
delicate vehicle about how memory is all we are.

Send out The Bourne Supremacy not as a Matt Damon blockbuster for kids, but as
an intelligent thriller for anyone who's literate enough to have read the novels
upon which it's based.

Why not run one commercial on MTV that focuses on a film's pounding soundtrack,
and another on CBS that delivers its meat? Why not peddle the upcoming The
Thunderbirds, starring Ben Kingsley, as both a kids' movie and a movie for
people mature enough to have watched the puppet show as kids themselves?

Surely there's enough in the marketing budget of Anchorman: The Legend of Ron
Burgundy, to sell it not only to the frat boys who worship its star, Will
Ferrell, but also to the folks who were actually sentient in the 1970s, in which
it's set.

Fiftysomethings have two things movie audiences need - time and cash. And they,
more than anyone, know the value of a little attentive wooing.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 25, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Golden Globes, on a Budget

BYLINE:  By GINIA BELLAFANTE

SECTION: Section 9; Column 3; Style Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1140 words


AT about this time each year, the class divide that characterizes Los Angeles
seems to shift from the one between the haves and the have-nots to another
showcasing the haves and the have-way-more-than-enoughs. With the televised
presentation of the Golden Globes tonight, awards show season 2004 begins -- a
period of dazzle and venality in which every day is something of a fashion
Christmas for the world's Uma Thurmans and Nicole Kidmans. The Golden Globes are
followed on Feb. 8 by the Grammy Awards and on Feb. 29 by the Oscars, being held
three weeks earlier than usual.

As all but those living among the wombats surely now know, awards season marks
the time when designers frantically importune the very famous to wear the satins
and tiaras they produce, without any of the petty merchant's expectation of
payment. A red-carpet image of Ms. Kidman in Chanel, is for Chanel after all,
compensation plenty.

But what becomes of you if you are not Ms. Kidman? What happens if fate demands
your presence at the Golden Globe ceremony but fails to include you among the
nominees for best performance in a miniseries or motion picture made for
television? How do you get dressed, in other words, if you're Jenny Cooney
Carrillo?

Ms. Carrillo is one of the 90 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press
Association, obscure Los Angeles-based entertainment correspondents from 46
countries who are the sole voting body for the Golden Globes and the hosts of
the event. For them come no calls from John Galliano or Ralph Lauren, even
though without the press association there would be no event at all. Tonight Ms.
Carrillo is planning to wear a black spaghetti-strap dress she bought at
Loehmann's in Beverly Hills for $30. Many of her colleagues also spend meager
sums or recycle old dresses and suits from past affairs. The Golden Globes are
"A Place in the Sun," with the hosts consigned to play Shelly Winters's role and
the guests blessed with playing Elizabeth Taylor's.

"I don't think any designer would care about giving me a dress," said Ms.
Carrillo, who writes for TV Guide, New Zealand. "I'd take one, but the designers
don't even know who we are."

Though the Golden Globes take place during a seated dinner, the members of the
press association are never in a position to pass the butter to Michael Douglas
during the proceedings. They are partitioned off with their spouses and
companions at separate tables and remain off camera. "We don't get the choice
seats, but we do sit on the sides," Karen Martin said with a tempered
chipperness. Ms. Martin, who writes for a German magazine called Widescreen
delighted in the fact that a few years ago she sat right above an actor. "You
know the one who played Hector the hotel manager in that movie with Julia
Roberts," Ms. Martin said, pausing and then recalling the title, "Pretty Woman."
(To be accurate, the actor Hector Elizondo played Barney, the hotel manager.)

Many of the foreign journalists seem to take pride in the comparative
haphazardness with which they approach this particular occasion for evening
dress. Two years ago, Dagmar Dunlevy, the current chairman and former president
of the press association still did not have a gown two days before the Golden
Globes, even though she had to grace the stage and address the audience of
millions. "The first year that I was the president," Ms. Dunlevy, a German who
writes for the Canadian fashion magazine Flare, said, "I was so bogged down with
finding presenters and getting security in place, that I didn't have time to get
anything."

At the last minute, she went to an unassuming shop called Vernon's in downtown
Los Angeles and got a chocolate brown dress by a designer called Tadashi for
about $200, she said. "It's basically the sort of place where a working woman
would go and find an evening dress," Ms. Dunlevy said. "He's the sort of
designer you would find at Macy's." The shoes she wore were plastic.

Few would mistake press association members for Jessica Simpson, largely because
a fair number of the corps are, to say the least, substantially older than the
stars they cover. But age does not necessitate laxness. "I pick out the best
that I have, and I wear it," said Argentina Brunetti, who last week was working
on an article about "Cheaper by the Dozen," for a publication called Marco Polo.
"I am 96 years old, " she said. Ms. Brunetti had planned to wear "a dress with
sparkles" this year, she offered. "It's very nice." Also an actress, Ms Brunetti
appeared in "General Hospital" and "Joanie Loves Chachi" among other television
series and movies. She does not buy a new dress every year though, "because I
like my old dresses," she said.

Others share her inclination. "The first few years I'd get into quite a fizz and
try to get really smartened up," said Gabrielle Donnelly, a British journalist
who has been attending the Golden Globes for 15 years. "These days I have two
trusty outfits; one is a heavy velvet dress, and the other is a lighter silk
pantsuit," Ms. Donnelly said. Her husband, like many of the men who go, wears a
tuxedo, which makes him a curious focus of attention nonetheless. "He's a rather
large, commanding man, and he looks very good in a tux," Ms. Donnelly said.
"Starlets start flinging themselves at him because they think he is a powerful
producer," Ms. Donnelly elaborated, "there's a lot of desperation in Hollywood,
you know."

But much hard work too. Journalists of the international celebrity press corps
are quick to remind anyone inquiring about the Golden Globes, that the evening
is one of enterprise and obligation. Many in the press association are on
deadline interviewing stars while others are asked to escort them to the red
carpet or otherwise assist in streamlining the entry process.

"We make sure the celebrities don't get harassed by security," Ms. Carrillo
said. Celebrities must show identification to enter the Beverly Hilton, where
the awards are held, and sometimes those who forget to bring any find that
guards do not recognize them. "There's always someone who forgets to bring a
driver's license, and if it's Kiefer Sutherland I'm going to make sure he gets
in," Ms. Carrillo said.

The point here is that work needs to get done and clothes can't be too
constricting. "Celebrities don't have to worry about comfort," Ms. Carrillo
pointed out.

Nor do they have to worry about who will do their hair and makeup. Ms. Carrillo
and some of her colleagues were planning to head to Fantastic Sam's this
morning, a chain, for $24.95 blowouts. Ms. Carrillo had scheduled a makeup
application at a cosmetics counter at Nordstrom's.

Elisabeth Sereda, an Austrian who writes for a movie magazine called Skip, said:
"I have a friend who is Austrian and a hairstylist. He hasn't confirmed with me
for this year. He's always doing Catherine Zeta-Jones or something."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ALL DRESSED DOWN -- Dagmar Dunlevy, Jenny Cooney Carrillo,
Silvia Bizio and Elisabeth Sereda, in the piano bar at the Beverly Hilton.
(Photo by Stephanie Diani for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              211 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 07, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Just Send Us the Bill

Meg Greenfield, Newsweek Inc.

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 1074 words


You look around political Washington for a public figure in an important
position of power who also has moral authority, and you find none. Those in the
leadership of both parties who have not been dirtied up in their own individual
scandals and venalities have leapt eagerly to the defense of those on their side
who have, shamelessly justifying every kind of sleaziness committed by their
party on the ground that the other side does it too . . . or that the campaign
needed the money . . . or that the opposition has overreacted . . . or
something. There are other public figures who may have done little or nothing
that falls into these categories, but who have been so beat up by their
adversaries -- or by us in the press -- that no one can any longer be sure
whether or not they actually did something wrong, and so people simply postulate
the worst ("there's probably something there").

The result is a landscape teeming with demystified, antiheroic, ethically
compromised leaders, of whom we demand and expect less and less. We seem to have
settled comfortably into this landscape. We do not look to these political
figures for guidance in our own lives, either by the example they set or in the
moral preaching they freely offer. I mean, are you kidding? On the contrary, our
approach to them is narrowly utilitarian, unexpansive and without either awe or
affection. Will they please rewire the house and fix the plumbing and get a
reasonable bill to us before the end of the month? The rest we don't need their
help with.

It is true that on occasion we still get raucously enthusiastic about the leader
or leaders on our side, cheering and yelling up a storm on their behalf. But
mostly these days such loud cheering does not seem to reflect a positive feeling
about our own side so much as a totally negative view of the other. It is
defensive. It says, "I hate Ken Starr," or "I hate Bill Clinton," not, "I
admire" anybody. This emotion has become so widespread and all-enveloping
because of its enormous convenience: It frees you, or at least so you assume,
from any obligation to face up to the shortcomings and derelictions of your own
side. You just keep whacking away at the other in the moral certainty that doing
so is urgent and will not permit any slacking off or open-minded "on the other
hand" finding on even the tiniest point. Your animus is comprehensive and
controlling. You are dealing with an emergency of sorts. It leaves behind all
thought about the flawed politician whose side you are taking.

It also cuts him a helluva deal when you next have to fish him out of trouble.
You mount a defense that you're not particularly proud of but which, in this
time of dwindling standards, will do: Well, at least they didn't find material
for an indictment; or, if you read the report carefully, you will see that they
have not made the case conclusively, etc. Americans nowadays seem to be
satisfied with such findings, which at one time would have provoked ridicule and
wrath. What has happened is actually more than an acceptance of compromised
behavior. It seems sometimes to be an embrace of it by the politician's peers, a
kind of license to participate in the game because it certifies that the
compromised one -- the guy who is under a legal or ethical shadow -- is not a
threat to his colleagues. What after all, can he do? How high and mighty can he
come on with 11 counts pending against him? This is one reason, in my opinion,
that there has been such a proliferation of impaired public figures, who once
would have considered themselves terminally disgraced, staying on in office and
thriving on the public-affairs shows and the noise circuit. So they want to make
a buck, the reasoning goes -- so what? They aren't threatening anyone's standing
as a moral exemplar or, even more dangerous to their colleagues, implying by
their rectitude that there is a higher standard to be met. Dick Morris, the
president's political adviser and hymnist to "family values," got caught in a
humiliating sexual scandal and was back in business as a successful independent
contractor almost at once.

I am not complaining about the death of hero worship in our politics. And I'm
certainly not complaining about the effect on hero worship of the relatively
new, unvarnished realism that reveals the tawdriness of so much that once
impressed and even moved us. In the modern age of an overpopulated press corps
and dramatically loosened restraints on what it believes it is entitled to dig
up and report, the moral pretensions and falsehoods of posturing public people
are bound to come crashing down, and that is surely an unambiguously good thing.
A politician should not be able to build stature on fake courage or simulated
generosity. But a lot of them try to, and many at least partially succeed. And
in any event, hero worship of political leaders has a long and terrible history
in the West. It has shown it can lead populations down a path to the most
chauvinistic and brutish of behaviors.

But hero worship is something quite different from respect. The absence of
respect we see on all sides today is a function of the greatly diminished moral
authority of our leaders. And this, in turn, is pretty much everybody's doing, a
group enterprise in its way. The leaders themselves have defied the law and/or
teased it into preposterous positions to sustain their own political or
financial interests. For the most part they are without shame. We in the press
have hastened to accuse them of every kind of malefaction, whether justified or
not, and have often been slow to correct the misimpressions we left. Their
political opposition, both the Democrat's and the Republican's, has been, if
possible, even worse. So it's not exactly surprising that there is such a
shortage of inspiring or even reassuring political figures today. It is one of
the reasons, I suspect, that the impeachment effort has fallen on such deaf ears
and failed to generate much beyond an "oh, leave me alone" response. Which of
these guys, people have been asking themselves, has shown himself over time to
have the stature and status to take on this job? Which one has the moral
authority that people will respect? Which one can be trusted to act in a
scrupulously fair, apolitical manner? They appear to believe they already know
the answer.


(C)1998, Newsweek Inc.

Reprinted by permission; all rights reserved



LOAD-DATE: December 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              212 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 20, 2012 Monday
                                 First Edition

Letters

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Letters; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 444 words


That's not all

Jefferson said

I am grateful to Thomas Russell for his letter (August 18-19), as I needed a
good laugh. In seeking to reprimand the government on the plain-packaging
legislation, Russell quoted Thomas Jefferson, relying on words that can be
paraphrased as "good governments don't interfere in legal businesses". But his
quote also included the caveat that good governments need to stop their citizens
from harming each other first. An argument shot down by its own reference? Just
as delicious as my hot porridge!

Mark Raymond Manton

Thomas Jefferson also said: "I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy
of our moneyed corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a
trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country." The smokers
could draw their own conclusions from "Dependence begets subservience and
venality".

Ashley Collard Fairlight

Thomas Russell quotes an American to make a point about government intervention
but Australia has never had America's quasi-religious zeal for personal liberty.
Our history reveals a far more communital strain coursing through us.

Lloyd Swanton Wentworth Falls

Eyes averted

Apart from the victims ("Bankruptcy: case of how many tricks you know", August
17), does anyone care about our bankruptcy laws?

Graeme Collett Tamworth

Timmy MP

With Orlando and Pippa to hold the balance of power in the Senate (Letters,
August 18-19), our frisky, nondescript cat Timmy will stand for the House of
Representatives. He is well trained not to foul the House, and would beat Tony
Abbott in any dash for the door.

Natalie Hale Beecroft

On the other hand, if Orlando and Pippa were to make a political statement in
Russia they would be arrested and put in jail.

John Munro Toowoomba (Qld)

Document it

Tony Abbott insists that "there is room to cut government spending. Believe me,
there is room to cut government spending." ("Cuts would not hit frontline
services - Coalition", August 17). Can we have that in writing?

Don Hartley Leichhardt

No contest

There should be no debate on the gold medal winner for alliterative Herald
letter writers. Peter Pitt of Potts Point is paramount. His name and residence
are so poetically entwined as to be unforgettable. The combination is so
striking one could be forgiven for suspecting that he may be writing under a nom
de plume or possibly a nom de maison. Not only was he the first to be recognised
in this genre but he has the most perfectly alliterative claims. I champion
Peter, he of the four Ps, even though I think that sometimes he is just
epistling in the wind.

Ben Fisher Strathfield

Mmmm. Maybe I should move to Moonie Moonie.

Margaret Morgan Mt Ku-ring-gai

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 16, 2005 Monday
                                 First Edition

Movies;
Thursday May 19

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 430 words


Road Rage

(1999) Seven, noon

Like many far-from-mellow motorists, I frequently respond with verbal vigour
when other drivers (switched-on young babes on the mobile, swigging mineral
water while cutting and flicking through traffic in close proximity to my
urban-assault vehicle) take horrible chances for no real gain. Ellen Carson
(Yasmine Bleeth) isn't one of these, but a lapse of concentration sees her cut
across a delivery driver on the freeway with dreadful consequences. Eddie (Jere
Burns) has a short fuse and is seething over a couple of recent bereavements in
his family. Ellen's carelessness precipitates road rage and pursuit with intent.
He duly gives her a serve. She responds by calling his employer and lodging a
complaint - which results in Eddie being sacked. With plenty of time to match
his growing sense of frustration, Eddie begins stalking Ellen and her family,
going so far as kidnapping her teenage stepdaughter. Accepting their lives are
ruined and there is no hope of extracting sanity from this outrageous situation,
Ellen and her husband, Jim (John Wesley Shipp), decide to up stumps for another
town. The police are, as usual, helpless to assist them. Even this doesn't
mollify the now obsessed and increasingly unhinged Eddie. He has a violent
finale in mind. Now drive on.

The Magnificent Ambersons

(1942) ABC, midnight

It's not exactly akin to hanging the Mona Lisa in the dunny at the Matthew
Talbot Hostel, but the despairing treatment this masterpiece received at the
hands of RKO studio-grinders smacks of woeful ignorance as much as it does of
wilful venality. After its initial screening, which didn't exactly have 'em
cheering in the aisles (there was some jeering), Orson Welles's follow-up to
Citizen Kane (1941) was recalled and hacked down from 131 minutes to 88 minutes
by editor Robert Wise. Adding further insult to vandalism, RKO released the
butchered film as a support feature to second-run, B-grade flicks such as Lupe
Velez's Mexican Spitfire comedies (see Tuesday). Despite its excisions, the
surviving mutilation remains a work of great significance. It relates the
fluctuating fortunes of Eugene Morgan (Joseph Cotten), who loves Isabel (Dolores
Costello), but loses her to Wilbur Minafer, a member of the exceedingly rich and
prestigious Amberson family, an Indianapolis clan of considerable wealth and
clout. Morgan returns to Indiana years later, a wealthy industrialist
accompanied by his daughter, Lucy (Anne Baxter). When Isabel is widowed, he
attempts to reignite their old passion but - as ever - true love never runs
smooth.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            December 27, 2004 Monday
                                 First Edition

Movies - FILM OF THE WEEK;
Thursday December 30

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 356 words


The Magnificent Ambersons (1942), ABC, 12.10am (Fri)

It's not exactly akin to hanging the Mona Lisa in the dunny at the Matthew
Talbot Hostel, but the treatment this masterpiece received at the hands of RKO
studio grinders smacks of woeful ignorance as much as it does of wilful
venality.

After its initial screening (there was some jeering), Orson Welles's film was
hacked from 131 minutes to 88 minutes by Robert Wise (Welles had already pruned
17 minutes) and given a tacked-on new ending written by some anonymous
supernumerary.

Adding insult to vandalism, RKO released the butchered film as the support on a
second-run B-grade bill with one of Lupe Velez's Mexican Spitfire comedies.

Showing some things never change, the ABC has scheduled the drama in a similar
timeslot to some of the Spitfire films which screened earlier in the year.

The fate of the missing 1000 metres of celluloid is unknown, but miraculously
the surviving mutilation remains a work of great significance.

Eugene Morgan (Joseph Cotten) loves Isabel, a member of the exceedingly rich and
prestigious Indianapolis clan the Ambersons, but loses her to Wilbur Minafer.

After some years, Morgan, an automobile pioneer (and widower), returns to
Indiana with his daughter, Lucy (Anne Baxter). Wilbur dies doon after and Eugene
attempts to reignite his romance with Isabel. But Isabel's son, George (Tim
Holt), a headstrong and haughty young layabout, conspires to ringbark any
relationship between his mother and her former paramour.

The acting is, for its day, exemplary, with Cotten, Agnes Moorehead, Baxter and
Ray Collins all outstanding. Welles narrates with his customary elan: his
stentorian voice adding richness to the film's distinctive soundscape.

Indeed the use of sound is crucial to proceedings and the lighting and camera
movements are superb. The sleigh ride, filmed over 12 days in an LA ice factory,
is extraordinarily real.

Welles wrote the screenplay in nine days from Booth Tarkington's novel and
edited the film as he shot it. It cost $US1.25 million, which was a lot of money
in those days. How much would today's historians pay for the missing 45 minutes?

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Pop and Jazz in Review

BYLINE: By JON PARELES

SECTION: Section C; Page 13; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 447 words



Warren Zevon and the Odds
The Marquee

Death, mayhem, gunplay, brutality -- Warren Zevon's songs have offered twisted
Hollywood adventure stories since the 1970's, before gangster rap emerged from
the opposite side of Los Angeles. Along with his violent imagination, Mr. Zevon
has an eye for duplicity and a calmly sarcastic sense of humor, and he can't
resist far-flung geographic name-dropping. Set to hard-bitten riffs and a
martial beat and sung in a deadpan baritone, Mr. Zevon's songs conjure a world
where heroism and recklessness run aground on human venality.

In the 1980's, Mr. Zevon experimented with keyboard-laden arrangements, but at
the Marquee on Tuesday night and on his new album, "Mr. Bad Example"
(Giant/Warner Brothers), he was back to guitar-driven rock. Mr. Zevon is touring
with a Canadian band, the Odds, who are also his opening act, and with them he
exults in his riffs, old and new. In a long show, Mr. Zevon allowed himself some
instrumental showpieces, playing occasional lead guitar solos and prefacing
"Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner" (about a globe-hopping soldier) with a
rippling, splashing piano solo.

Like Neil Young, Mr. Zevon is refusing to age quietly. The Odds are gentler and
more meticulous than Mr. Young's band Crazy Horse. They added a countryish lilt
to "I'll Sleep When I'm Dead" and "Mr. Bad Example," in which the singer plays a
globe-hopping con artist, swindling whole populations and cackling with glee.

But as the set progressed, the Odds pushed harder. They socked and twanged
"Model Citizen," the testimony of a disgruntled suburbanite, like a latter-day
Creedence Clearwater Revival, and they made songs like "Detox Mansion" (about
celebrity addiction cures) and "The Envoy" (about a globe-hopping diplomat) ring
like long-lost Appalachian melodies. But the group could also add smooth,
Eagles-style harmonies to a song like "Excitable Boy."

At times, the musicians' exuberance cluttered the songs, obscuring Mr. Zevon's
storytelling. But a crowd that included many longtime Zevon fans, shouting
requests for songs 10 and 15 years old, already knew the words.
 On their own, the Odds are 1960's revivalists, playing folk-rock with an
occasional harmonic turn inspired by the Beatles. The band has a restrained
touch, doling out vocal harmonies or guitar lines in modest portions, while its
stage shtick occasionally mimics the histrionics of heavy-metal bands, a
middling joke. Where Mr. Zevon is sardonic, the Odds are earnest; where Mr.
Zevon is cynical, the Odds' tuneful, well-crafted songs revolve around love and
romance. It may have been the context that made the Odds seem so lightweight.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Warren Zevon playing guitar during his performance at the
Marquee on Tuesday night. (Steve Eichnor/Retna for The New York Times)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              216 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 9, 2006 Thursday

Whose domain?

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY EDITORIAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 1053 words


Court dead wrong

On June 23, the U.S. Supreme Court violated a sacred trust. In Kelo v. New
London, the court perverted the Fifth Amendment and validated the failure of
state governments to curtail the unconstitutional use of state powers of eminent
domain by local-government agents.

The Fifth Amendment's stipulation that property may be seized for "public use"
means the use by the state for the purposes of the state, not by private parties
for private profit, a practice that only serves to invite venality.

Corrective action taken by (some) state legislatures seems commendable, yet it
has frequently contained loopholes.

End the court's perverse reading of the Fifth Amendment to benefit the rich and
powerful, and return it to its purpose of defending the individual against those
groups.

R.K. Hardman

Willingboro

Start all over

For us in Haddon Township, the nightmare of eminent-domain abuse began May 2,
2002.

On that date, a planning expert, who was not sworn in, testified before the
planning board and convinced members that eminent domain would not be used for
redevelopment.

He said the only impact on businesses would be that they would get financial
help to upgrade their properties.

Based on these representations, the planning board voted for redevelopment.

Now we're stuck with a terrible plan that will be tied up in litigation for
years to come.

Why? Money. We have a supersize construction plan for jumbo-size private profits
and a municipality salivating for its 30 pieces of silver.

We should start over, and this time (1) involve the public and (2) designate
only specific properties, not the entire downtown.

Kathy Hogan

Deputy mayor

Haddon Township

It's traumatic

In 1935 my parents were forced from their eastern Tennessee farm because the
federal government seized properties to construct the first Tennessee Valley
Authority project - the Norris Dam. The farm was part of acreage my family had
owned for generations.

This was the process: property condemnation, then payment for the property, and
then relocation. If you owned a 200-acre farm, you were considered lucky if you
received enough compensation to buy a 40-acre farm!

Some folks were so devastated by the idea of being forced from their property
they committed suicide rather than leave.

In later years, my parents agreed it was the best thing that happened to them.
However, they always spoke of their losses after their relocation, leaving
behind the way of life they had known for generations.

Eventually, the objectives were achieved: generating and providing electricity
to the region and controlling flooding. Most families who were affected will
tell you it improved their quality of life, but the losses, tangible and
intangible, can never be measured or changed.

Property seizure is not to be done lightly.

Kathleen Cheek Schwartz

Cherry Hill

In corrupt hands

The U.S. Supreme Court has put the power to seize our property in the hands of
the most corruptible level of government, local politicians.

I have seen here in Haddon Township the symbiotic relationship between greed and
stupidity when it comes to the use or threatened use of eminent domain for
redevelopment.

Eminent domain allows local politicians to offer up our homes, businesses and
whole neighborhoods to greedy, politically connected developers.

Redevelopment laws favor the affluent and the politically connected over the
less affluent and politically unconnected.

Under the state's redevelopment laws, just about any property can be declared in
need of redevelopment. These laws are abused so that developers can obtain prime
property even when the owner has no interest in selling it.

Do these politicians realize the physical, mental and financial stress they are
inflicting upon the people who voted them into office, the very people they are
supposed to work for?

I've heard of four deaths in Camden and one in Haddon Township that I believe
were caused by the stress of eminent-domain abuse. I have seen friends and
neighbors spend tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees fighting to keep
property they already own. Our government is basically doing to us what it
should be protecting us from.

John Smith

Westmont

Hurts the poor

The victims of the abuse of eminent domain are toward the bottom of the social
pyramid - the poor, the working class, some of the middle class, and rural
Americans.

Our homes are our castles, and no government, local, state or federal, should
have any right to them. But I am afraid this is another losing battle in our
230-year-old class struggle.

Michael J. McAnally

Burlington Township

Unconstitutional

Our Founding Fathers would choke at the notion that government should be able to
evict homeowners so that private developers like Cherokee Investment Partners
could put up hotels, condominiums and golf courses in Camden.

Our Fifth Amendment says, in part: "Nor shall private property be taken for
public use without just compensation." Need my land for a public use, like a
road or bridge? OK. Want it for a golf course? Get lost.

New Jersey must join other states in slamming the door on eminent domain for
private use and curb tax-hungry politicians who are bought off by redevelopers'
political contributions.

Write your elected officials demanding an end to private-use eminent domain in
New Jersey.

Robert A. Shinn

Cherry Hill

Too much power

I disapprove of the ability of a small group of people, although elected, to
wield such power over those they are supposed to represent.

One vote on a split governing body is enough to take a property for the good of
"all."

Free enterprise should exist without the pressure of political controls that at
best serve those in power.

Earl Brown

Wenonah

Where's Corzine?

The state law governing justifications for redevelopment is totally subjective.
All a municipality needs is a consultant who jumps at the funding to blow around
sweet promises of a better future and more tax dollars.

As he ran for governor, Jon Corzine promised that if elected he would issue an
executive order curtailing use of eminent domain until the Legislature had time
to act on the issue.

Governor, where is your promised executive order? Innocent property owners are
being hurt.

Unless local leaders are lazy, there are many other tools at their disposal to
improve areas, including low-cost financing and tax abatements.

Louis Jahn

Ventnor, N.J.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            February 19, 2007 Monday

PRESIDENTS DAY;
Difficulties of founders

SECTION: Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 353 words


February is a month in which great American presidents are honored. It's the
month of the birthdays of George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.

It has lost some luster in recent years because those historic presidents often
are remembered as granite men, beyond our comprehension.

The nation was hardly fully formed after the revolution. As described in Gore
Vidal's book, Inventing a Nation, the first constitution of the 13 colonies, the
Articles of Confederation, created something of a free-for-all.

Washington wrote in his diary in 1776: "Chimney corner patriots abound;
venality, corruption, prostitution of office for selfish ends, abuse of trust,
perversion of funds from a national to a private use, and speculations upon the
necessities of the times pervade all interests."

Newspapers of the time were funded and influenced by political parties, more
akin to tabloids of today. The most scurrilous attacks were made on the Founding
Fathers.

Washington did not run for re-election in 1792 in part because he was tired of
attacks in the press, Vidal wrote.

There were homegrown rebellions to put down.

Daniel Shays, a revolutionary war hero, reacted in the spirit of the Boston Tea
Party by planning to seize a national armory and abolish all debts.

Pennsylvania farmers refused to pay a tax on whiskey, which turned into the
so-called Whiskey Rebellion.

The infant nation, fearful of so many immigrant French and Irish, extended the
residence period needed to obtain citizenship to 14 years.

The Alien Act was presumably meant to empower the president in wartime to remove
resident aliens of the enemy country, but it really was a political attack on
Irish and English aliens of political opponents.

A sedition law overthrew freedom of speech by making it a crime to actively
oppose the government.

Yet, the young nation put down the revolts and elected new leaders who refused
to enforce the Alien and Sedition acts.

Yet to be resolved was the terrible injustice of slavery.

The country still had a long way to go before fulfilling Thomas Jefferson's
lines in the Declaration of Independence that "all men are created equal."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              218 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday

Chicago Confidential

BYLINE: Gary Goehl - The New York Times

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: Chicago


The not guilty plea last week by Rod Blagojevich, the former Illinois governor
accused of swapping state jobs for campaign contributions, brought back a flood
of memories, even nostalgia. It reminded me of my days in office, when the art
of buying a political position was considered all in a day's work.

My services to the city of Chicago throughout the 1970s included exuberant
participation in corrupt practices for which I pleaded guilty in 1984 and spent
18 months in federal prison. My venality may have known no bounds - at the time
of my conviction some said that I was the recipient of more illegal loans than
any civic official in Chicago history - but I was a relatively low man on the
totem pole: a deputy sheriff and deputy county treasurer. As a protégé of the
Cook County treasurer, Ed Rosewell, however, I basically had the run of his
office with the tens of millions of dollars that flowed through it.

If you had connections or could be useful to Rosewell, a close confidant to
Mayor Richard J. Daley (the father of the current mayor, Richard M. Daley), you
could count on me to, say, simply erase the taxes on your property, even going
back several years. Another service I rendered to the banking community was to
dump million-dollar chunks of county money in "operating accounts" - the kind
that paid no interest. In an era of stagflation, when interest rates were well
into double digits, every million-dollar account I opened amounted to tens of
thousands in annual profits for the lucky banker. As an expression of abiding
gratitude, these bankers gave me cash donations for Mr. Rosewell, and basically
carte blanche to write myself the interest-free loans that eventually led to my
downfall.

One deeply appreciative steward of the public purse was a banker from suburban
Chicago with strong ties to organized crime and friends in high places in the
state capital, Springfield. It came as a little bit of a jolt, given my lowly
station in Chicago's municipal pecking order, when he told me that he was
considering having the governor name me state insurance director. That I knew
nothing about the insurance industry was not a handicap in his eyes; he would
effectively run the department himself.

When I asked him how he could get away with it, he explained that all such
appointments were subject to free-market pricing, and that he had already forked
over the requisite sum - $50,000. In short order, however, my sponsor became
entranced by the siren song he was using to lure me into the job. He decided to
award it to himself. The announcement was followed by the Chicago news media's
exposing his ties to organized crime, and he was obliged to withdraw.

My own career flourished more anonymously for several years. On my $28,000
salary, I briefly grew as rich as a Madoff disciple, cavorted with gorgeous
women in my Lake Shore Drive penthouse and enjoyed the company of mobsters on
all-expense-paid visits to foreign resorts. The less savory side of all this was
the retribution - often bloody, sometimes lethal - visited on operatives and
finks less lucky than I.

There came a day when buddies of mine at the F.B.I. (where I had worked briefly)
told me they knew pretty much everything I had been up to - in truth, they
didn't know the half of it! - and offered to cut a deal if I would turn state's
evidence against the big shots who had sponsored or condoned my crime spree. I
declined the invitation, preferring silence and a stiffer sentence to the
displeasure of certain gentlemen I might have had to mention in my conversations
with federal investigators.

All these years later enough of them have gone to their reward to make me a
little less queasy about telling their stories. But evidently one thing hasn't
changed: Political office still carries a price tag in the great state of
Illinois.

*

Gary Goehl

is writing a memoir of his career in Chicago politics.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 20, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Chicago Confidential

BYLINE: By GARY GOEHL.

Gary Goehl is writing a memoir of his career in Chicago politics.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: Chicago


THE not guilty plea last week by Rod Blagojevich, the former Illinois governor
accused of swapping state jobs for campaign contributions, brought back a flood
of memories, even nostalgia. It reminded me of my days in office, when the art
of buying a political position was considered all in a day's work.

My services to the city of Chicago throughout the 1970s included exuberant
participation in corrupt practices for which I pleaded guilty in 1984 and spent
18 months in federal prison. My venality may have known no bounds -- at the time
of my conviction some said that I was the recipient of more illegal loans than
any civic official in Chicago history -- but I was a relatively low man on the
totem pole: a deputy sheriff and deputy county treasurer. As a protege of the
Cook County treasurer, Ed Rosewell,  however, I basically had the run of his
office with the tens of millions of dollars  that flowed through it.

If you had connections or could be useful to Rosewell,   a close confidant to
Mayor Richard J. Daley (the father of the current mayor, Richard M. Daley), you
could count on me to, say, simply erase the taxes on your property, even going
back several years. Another service I rendered to the banking community was to
dump million-dollar chunks of county money in  ''operating accounts'' -- the
kind that  paid no interest. In an era of stagflation, when interest rates were
well into double digits, every million-dollar account I opened amounted to tens
of thousands in annual profits for the lucky banker. As an expression of abiding
gratitude, these bankers gave me cash donations for Rosewell, and basically
carte blanche to write myself the interest-free loans that eventually led to my
downfall.

One deeply appreciative steward of the public purse was a banker from suburban
Chicago with strong ties to organized crime and friends in high places in the
state capital, Springfield. It came as a little bit of a jolt, given my lowly
station in Chicago's municipal pecking order, when he told me that he was
considering having the governor name me state insurance director. That I knew
nothing about the insurance industry was not a handicap in his eyes; he would
effectively run the department himself.

When I asked him how he could get away with it, he explained that all such
appointments were subject to free-market pricing, and that he had already forked
over the requisite sum -- $50,000. In short order, however, my sponsor became
entranced by the siren song he was using to lure me into the job. He decided to
award it to himself. The announcement was followed by the Chicago news media's
exposing his ties to organized crime, and he was obliged to withdraw.

My own career flourished more anonymously for several years. On my $28,000
salary, I briefly grew as rich as a Madoff disciple, cavorted with gorgeous
women in my Lake Shore Drive penthouse and enjoyed the company of mobsters on
all-expense-paid visits to foreign resorts. The less savory side of all this was
the retribution  --  often bloody, sometimes lethal  --  visited on operatives
and finks less lucky than I.

There came a day when buddies of mine at the F.B.I. (where I had worked briefly)
told me they knew pretty much everything I had been up to -- in truth, they
didn't know the half of it! -- and offered to cut a deal if I would turn state's
evidence against the big shots who had sponsored or condoned my crime spree. I
declined the invitation, preferring silence and a stiffer sentence to the
displeasure of certain gentlemen I might have had to mention in my conversations
with  federal investigators.

All these years later enough of them have gone to their reward to make me a
little less queasy about telling their stories. But evidently one thing hasn't
changed: Political office still carries a price tag in the great state of
Illinois.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              220 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            March 28, 2002, Thursday

Drug cartels in power war on Mexico border

BYLINE: Christopher Reed in Los Angeles

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 498 words


A NEW and bloody drug war has erupted along the Mexico-California border as
rival narcotraficantes seek to replace a crippled cartel that has recently lost
its two leaders.

The bound bodies of three men, killed gangster-style, were found last week in
Tijuana, the raffish city near San Diego, where the Arellano Felix brothers,
notoriously vicious traffickers, ruled with immunity for a decade.

Earlier this month a lawyer for the cartel was shot dead in Tijuana, and a
street gunfight badly injured two more men.

The power struggle in the desert corridor, through which is smuggled a quarter
of all the cocaine, heroin, and cannabis consumed in the US, originated with the
arrest near Mexico City this month of Benjamin "El Millonario" Arellano Felix,
50, the cartel's chief.

In February police killed his brother Ramon, 37, the gang's sadistic chief
enforcer, in a gunfight in the Pacific coast tourist town of Mazatlan. Both
brothers were on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list and had $ 2 million (Pounds 1.4
million) rewards on their heads, remaining free largely because of law
enforcement venality reaching to the highest ranks of previous Mexican
governments.

The Arellano cartel was said to pay $ 1 million a day in bribes, but President
Fox's 16-month-old administration has vowed to end the corruption.

Smashing that cartel is a start, but the hydra-headed nature of Mexico's $ 5
billion drug industry ensures its continuation. It is so deeply entrenched along
the 2,000-mile US border, that it constitutes an identifiable sub -culture.

The Arellanos arrived in the 1980s: handsome swashbuckling caballeros who spent
freely their cannabis-smuggling money, before making the Colombia cocaine
connection and seizing the plaza or turf. They visited terrible vengeance on
informers and rivals.

Some days, Ramon was said to rise and say: "I feel like killing someone today."
He would then do just that. In all, the brothers killed three Tijuana police
chiefs, six prosecutors, badly wounded an investigative journalist and killed
and tortured hundreds of others.

Now, the only Arellano brother likely to run the family firm is Eduardo, 48, a
surgeon. It still has riches and power and is fighting back, but faces at least
three rival groups.

One is run by the ambitious Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, 53, who was Ramon's
intended target on his fatal February trip. Zambada found out and sent corrupt
policemen in his pay to ambush Ramon.

The authorities have sought El Mayo, who has been a drug smuggler for 30 years,
only since 1998. He was identified by the corrupt former anti-drug supremo of
Mexico who was arrested for taking bribes from Zambada's former boss who died in
1997 while undergoing plastic surgery. Four surgeons attending him were later
found strangled.

Mexico's drug trade critics say that altering one's face is hardly the point.
Everyone knows who the drug lords are, but no one did much about them. Until now
- perhaps.


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                              221 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            March 28, 2002, Thursday

Drug cartels in power war on Mexico border

BYLINE: Christopher Reed in Los Angeles

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 498 words


A NEW and bloody drug war has erupted along the Mexico-California border as
rival narcotraficantes seek to replace a crippled cartel that has recently lost
its two leaders.

The bound bodies of three men, killed gangster-style, were found last week in
Tijuana, the raffish city near San Diego, where the Arellano Felix brothers,
notoriously vicious traffickers, ruled with immunity for a decade.

Earlier this month a lawyer for the cartel was shot dead in Tijuana, and a
street gunfight badly injured two more men.

The power struggle in the desert corridor, through which is smuggled a quarter
of all the cocaine, heroin, and cannabis consumed in the US, originated with the
arrest near Mexico City this month of Benjamin "El Millonario" Arellano Felix,
50, the cartel's chief.

In February police killed his brother Ramon, 37, the gang's sadistic chief
enforcer, in a gunfight in the Pacific coast tourist town of Mazatlan. Both
brothers were on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list and had $ 2 million (Pounds 1.4
million) rewards on their heads, remaining free largely because of law
enforcement venality reaching to the highest ranks of previous Mexican
governments.

The Arellano cartel was said to pay $ 1 million a day in bribes, but President
Fox's 16-month-old administration has vowed to end the corruption.

Smashing that cartel is a start, but the hydra-headed nature of Mexico's $ 5
billion drug industry ensures its continuation. It is so deeply entrenched along
the 2,000-mile US border, that it constitutes an identifiable sub -culture.

The Arellanos arrived in the 1980s: handsome swashbuckling caballeros who spent
freely their cannabis-smuggling money, before making the Colombia cocaine
connection and seizing the plaza or turf. They visited terrible vengeance on
informers and rivals.

Some days, Ramon was said to rise and say: "I feel like killing someone today."
He would then do just that. In all, the brothers killed three Tijuana police
chiefs, six prosecutors, badly wounded an investigative journalist and killed
and tortured hundreds of others.

Now, the only Arellano brother likely to run the family firm is Eduardo, 48, a
surgeon. It still has riches and power and is fighting back, but faces at least
three rival groups.

One is run by the ambitious Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, 53, who was Ramon's
intended target on his fatal February trip. Zambada found out and sent corrupt
policemen in his pay to ambush Ramon.

The authorities have sought El Mayo, who has been a drug smuggler for 30 years,
only since 1998. He was identified by the corrupt former anti-drug supremo of
Mexico who was arrested for taking bribes from Zambada's former boss who died in
1997 while undergoing plastic surgery. Four surgeons attending him were later
found strangled.

Mexico's drug trade critics say that altering one's face is hardly the point.
Everyone knows who the drug lords are, but no one did much about them. Until now
- perhaps.


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                              222 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                 March 25, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

City slickers in scalp hunt

BYLINE:  todd mccarthy

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 798 words


Roman Polanski has often been at his best in close quarters - the small yacht of
Knife in the Water, the Warsaw ghetto of The Pianist, the house in The Ghost
Writer, the apartments in Repulsion, Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant - so it
should be no surprise that he's right at home examining the venality of the
human condition in the living room of the Brooklyn apartment that serves as the
setting for Carnage.

Snappy, nasty, deftly acted and perhaps the fastest-paced film yet directed by a
78-year-old, this adaptation of Yasmina Reza's award-winning play God of Carnage
fully delivers the laughs and savagery of the stage piece, while being entirely
convincing as having been shot in New York, although it was filmed in Paris for
well-known reasons.

The film opens with a striking shot of a Brooklyn waterfront park. Two boys (one
of them played by the director's son Elvis) engage in combat, with one of them
hitting the other with a stick, resulting in not inconsiderable injuries.

In their tasteful, comfortable apartment nearby, the aggrieved parents, Michael
(John C Reilly) and Penelope (Jodie Foster) are hosting the parents of the
aggressive kid, Alan (Christoph Waltz) and Nancy (Kate Winslet) in a gesture
intended to paper over any problems and forestall potential legal
unpleasantries. The situation is hardly comfortable for either family but, after
all, they're civilised folks, aren't they, able to rise above vengeful instincts
and base emotional responses to intelligently resolve any issues.

Not bloody likely. At a glance flintier and less touchy-feely than their
unwanted new acquaintances, Alan and Nancy are impatient to depart, from the
outset keeping their coats on and hoping to wind things up quickly. More than
once, they go through the motions of saying goodbye and head for the lift, and
Polanski has fun taking them to the brink of escaping before pulling them back
in.

In the course of polite chit-chat, they get to know each other superficially;
Michael sells decorative hardware, Penelope struggles with highfalutin books on
subjects like Darfur, Alan is a corporate lawyer and Nancy is an investment
broker.

The sense of decorum is threatened every so often by sensitivities over
semantics, including off-hand references to one boy or the other being a bully,
snitch or whatnot, moral posturing at some moments, and irrepressible insults at
others. Even more grating is Alan's constant yacking on his cellphone, with most
of the decipherable talk having to do with legal cases, in which he advises
stone-walling and playing tough.

The basic dramatic format of bright, seemingly well-adjusted people eventually
baring their teeth, claws and souls in the course of an alcohol-fuelled
encounter is familiar to anyone with a passing acquaintance with modern theatre;
call it the "Virginia Woolf" syndrome. Here, the get-together starts with coffee
and sweets, the booze not being served until well past the halfway point, some
time after Nancy has vomited in Penelope's proper and pristine living room.

Once Michael starts pouring generous portions of Scotch, the inhibitions drop
and, over the last half-hour, things degenerate to the point where these fine
upstanding folk are calling each other criminals and murderers.

The heights of theatrical histrionics hit by Penelope are not the sort of thing
one normally associates with Foster, but the spectacle of her frustration
boundaries being passed provides its own source of interest and amusement, one
that reflects on her marriage to Michael.

The most jarring aspect of the casting is imagining Foster and Reilly physically
as a couple; it just doesn't compute. That Reilly's decibel level seems two or
three times higher than the other three's throws things off at times. But when
the character is eventually revealed to be a boor, Reilly seems right on the
money.

Winslet abandons any idea of providing Nancy with a genuine demure side, pushing
the character's dissatisfactions to the surface perhaps too early. Waltz, on the
other hand, gives the distracted Alan any number of shadings that give a vibrant
definition to perhaps the most elusive character in the piece.

The cast put the characters across with force and definition.

Dean Tavoularis's apartment set is tastefully but not preciously decorated, just
cramped enough to prevent the characters from getting away from one another but
not claustrophobic. Pawel Edelman's camerawork is nimble and clear.

The views of Brooklyn outside the windows are entirely realistic, the light
flowing in from them subtly softening from afternoon brightness to the
encroaching darkness that will consume the city and the souls of these four
inhabitants. - Reuters

CARNAGE

Directed by: Roman Polanski

Starring: Jodie Foster, Kate Winslet, John C Reilly

Running time: 80 minutes

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            March 24, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

polanski close and personal Carnage Director: Roman Polanski Starring: Jodie
Foster, Kate Winslet, John C Reilly Reviewer: Todd McCarthy

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 473 words


Roman Polanski has often been at his best in close quarters - the small yacht of
Knife in the Water, the Warsaw ghetto of The Pianist, the house in The Ghost
Writer, the apartments in Repulsion, Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant - so it
should be no surprise that he's right at home examining the venality of the
human condition in the living room of the Brooklyn apartment that serves as the
setting for Carnage.

Snappy, nasty, deftly acted and perhaps the fastest-paced film yet directed by a
78-year-old, this adaptation of Yasmina Reza's award-winning play God of Carnage
fully delivers the laughs and savagery of the stage piece while entirely
convincing as having been shot in New York, even though it was filmed in Paris
for well-known reasons.

The title isn't the only thing that's been changed moving from stage to screen.
First performed in Zurich in 2006, then in Paris in 2008 under its original
title Le Dieu du carnage, Reza's short one-act was translated by Christopher
Hampton for its English-language debut later that year in London, where it won
the Olivier Award as best new play. The Broadway production, which starred James
Gandolfini, Marcia Gay Hardin, Jeff Daniels and Hope Davis, won the 2009 Tony
Award and stands as the third-longest-running play of the 2000s. However, the
Hampton translation has been dropped here in favour of a revision credited to
the playwright and Polanski.

Onstage, the action pivots on an incident that is frequently mentioned but not
seen: the injuring of one boy by another in playground fight. The film, however,
opens with a striking shot of a Brooklyn waterfront park with the East River and
the skyline of lower Manhattan in the background.

Two boys (one of them played by the director's son Elvis) engage in combat, with
one of them hitting the other with a stick, resulting in not inconsiderable
injuries.

In their tasteful, comfortable flat nearby, the aggrieved parents, Michael (John
C Reilly) and Penelope (Jodie Foster) are hosting the parents of the aggressive
kid, Alan (Christoph Waltz) and Nancy (Kate Winslet), in a gesture intended to
paper over any problems and forestall potential legal unpleasantries.

The situation is hardly comfortable for either family but, after all, they're
civilised folks, aren't they, able to rise above vengeful instincts and base
emotional responses to intelligently resolve any issues?

Not bloody likely. Alan and Nancy are impatient to depart from the outset,
keeping their coats on and hoping to wind things up quickly. More than once,
they go through the motions of saying goodbye and head for the lift, and
Polanski has fun taking them to the brink of escaping before pulling them back
in. Once Michael starts pouring generous portions of Scotch, the inhibitions
drop and, over the last half-hour, things degenerate. - Hollywood Reporter

FFFFG

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        JULY 16, 1999 Friday SF EDITION

'RICHARD III,' MOVED TO A FASCIST BRITAIN

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan, INQUIRER MOVIE CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 171 words


All too often directors change the time and setting of a Shakespeare play on a
meaningless whim. Ian McKellen's Richard III showed how stunningly effective the
right relocation can be.

Released three years ago and directed by Richard Loncraine, this reading of the
dark fate of Richard and his murderous path to the throne of England moved the
action to a fictional fascist Britain in the 1930s. McKellen's Richard is in the
same league as Laurence Olivier's, and Shakespeare's Olympian dissection of
power, corruption and venality assumes a fresh meaning in the updated context.

Where Olivier found a measure of crippled charm in Richard in his classic 1955
film, McKellen gives a blistering portrait of unrelieved villainy and venom.
This is a man who loathes the world, and thinks - quite correctly - that the
world despises him. McKellen's overpowering performance and the blazing
inspiration of this Richard III place it among the great Shakespeare films.

Showing Wednesday at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Art Films

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Ian McKellen plays the king as a villainous figure with no redeeming qualities.
He loathes the world, and the feeling is mutual. (ALEX BAILEY)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 15, 1999, Friday

Global athletics: an alternative

BYLINE: BY BILL WALLACE

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 539 words


This question comes in the wake of the scandal regarding allegations of bribery
in the awarding of the 2002 Winter Games to Salt Lake City back in 1995.

Gifts and other perquisites given to the members of the International Olympic
Committee by cities seeking to host future Olympics have corrupted the system.

Venality seems to be running through the veins of any of the IOC delegates when
it comes to voting on the competing sites.

The huge sums paid by television interests, chiefly American networks like NBC,
have made money rather than sport the core of Olympia. The modern Olympics,
which began so innocently in 1896 at Athens, Greece, have already outlived their
time.

The original Olympic Games, celebrated as a religious festival, lasted more than
1,000 years, until Roman Emperor Theodosius banned them as pagan festivals in
A.D. 393.

Are not the contemporary games paganish, too, in their worship of the almighty
dollar?

In addition, the IOC's failure to deal with blood doping - a technique in which
blood is taken from an athlete's body and pumped back just before competition -
in marquee sports like swimming and track and field debases the concept of fair
competition.

But eliminating the Olympic Games on account of a few rotten apples would be
tragedy for the Greco-Roman wrestlers, kayakers, ski jumpers and other athletes
of the so-called lesser sports who have no other days in the sunshine of
celebrity.

There is an alternative, a way of saving the Olympics. It's simple. Eliminate
the host cities, their expensive constructions, the sponsor tents, the excesses.

Each sport would conduct its own Olympic competition at sites of its choosing
during a predetermined time period - perhaps 30 days every four years.

Every sport, from archery to yachting, would have its own niche, available for
worldwide viewing on TV or computer screen.

Where will the events be held? The rowers would race at Lucerne, Switzerland,
where they have always been comfortable.

The track athletes could chose Oslo or Stockholm or, better yet, Nairobi in
Kenya, whence come the great distance runners.

Field hockey fans abound in Karachi, Pakistan, while Istanbul, Turkey, adores
weight lifters. Have hockey in Moscow and Montreal . . . and so on. Spread the
Olympics around, using existing facilities.

Most major sports federations conduct their own world championships on an
annual, biennial or quadrennial basis. The structures are already in place. Now
these events would be embellished with the Olympic rings once every four years.

But what of the Olympic village, one might ask. Of international harmony? Of an
Italian cyclist losing the chance of meeting a South Korean gymnast and falling
in love?

Pshaw.

The Olympic village concept has been diminished by suspicions of drug use and
the frequency with which the most-celebrated athletes choose hotels or cruise
ships as alternate accommodations.

The Olympics cry out for change, for reform, for new leadership.

The latest revelations embarrassed and hurt Salt Lake citizens, many of whom
belong to the Mormon church and adhere to its high ethical standards. Their
games, coming in three years, have been stained beyond redemption.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              226 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                               May 4, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Viewers deserve the prize if they can survive this marathon of greedy
grubbiness;
Entertainment

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 714 words


Survivor II

8.30pm, 9: No footie tonight. No social, tribal or cultural adrenaline to enjoy
as robust Australian athletes slam into one another with maximum prejudice and
fearsome intent. Instead, a bunch of venal Yanks, sullying the outback in a
contrivance based on naked, backstabbing venality. Survival of the richest.
Viewers who haven't already consulted the Web to discover which player emerges
triumphant from the shambles of reality television and orchestrated Monopoly can
learn the result. Then there's another hour of speculative hindsight as the 16
castaways are reunited in the studio for the inevitable "closure" experience.
Reality is far too strong a word.

While You WereSleeping (1995)

8.30pm, 7: Lucy sells subway tokens at a Chicago railway station. Like most of
Sandra Bullock's characters, she's nondescript and somewhat lonely. Lucy
fantasises about Peter, a spiffy exec who commutes through her life each day but
when she saves him from being pulped by an oncoming train, everything changes.
Visiting him in hospital, where he is lying comatose, she meets his family, who
assume she is his much-hyped but as-yet-unseen fiancee. Lucy goes along with the
mistaken identity and becomes inextricably involved in their lives. But Peter's
brother, Jack, has suspicions and you don't have to be Einstein to work out the
denouement. A bovine romantic sitcom is enlivened by Peter Boyle, Glynis Johns
and Jack Warden to the extent that charm wins the day.

Creepy Creatures

7.30pm, SBS: There are few wolves left in the wild. Vilified in fairytales which
cast them as malevolent beings, capable of dressing up as grandma and monstering
figures such as Little Red Riding Hood, wolves have been hunted almost to
extinction by people with delusions about blood sports and masculinity. As
dingoes are culled on Fraser Island, this program reveals that wolves have far
more to fear from man than vice versa. Kill the sharks. Kill the dingoes ...
accept the next flu virus as inevitable.

My Mum's a Gangster

8.30pm, SBS: Five unemployed women in the town of Avignon, in southern France,
resort to criminal means to overcome their financial difficulties. Disguised as
men, they embark on a series of armed robberies, which turn out to be more of a
cock-up than a stick-up. Eventually, after eight raids on credit unions and
banks most of them involving an element of farce the self-styled "Amazons" are
arrested. This program relates their misadventures and the aftermath of their
hamfisted enterprise.

FOR THE WEEKEND

Jefferson's Blood

7.30pm Sat, SBS: Thomas Jefferson's strong objections to slavery were expunged
from the Declaration of Independence by his colleagues. He continued to advocate
freedom while keeping 200 black slaves and fathering children with the
half-sister of Betty Hemings, his father-in-law's unpaid servant and mistress.
Seven years after his wife died, Jefferson began an affair with his daughter's
maid, Sally Hemings. Sally had six children. They, too, became slaves and it is
said his illegitimate son, Madison, waited on his father's table. After his
death, and in the generations since, mulatto descendants have opted to pass for
white and whites have chosen to side with their black heritage. The racial mess
and the legal uncertainties continue to this day as this program, following
various branches of the family as they employ DNA testing to determine their
identity, reveals. blood's thicker than water and the sins of a family fall on
the daughter.

RADIO

Live on Stage, 7pm, Radio National

Vika and Linda Bull, long a support act for bigger names like Billy Joel, have
gone from strength to strength since their departure from the Black Sorrows.
They can do it all blues, funk, gospel; you name it. And they do just that in
this gig, recorded before an enthusiastic audience at the Opera House.

FOXTEL

MOVIE 8.30pm: Soft Fruit (Showtime)

Jeanie Drynan, Linal Haft. Four siblings reunite to care for their ailing
mother.

OPTUS

MOVIE 8.30pm: Instinct (Movie One)

Anthony Hopkins, Cuba Gooding jnr. An anthropologist is attacked by a group of
gorilla poachers and placed in a mental institution.

SPORT 8.30pm: Soccer (C7 Sport 2)

NSL elimination final.

GENERAL 8.30pm: Ben Dark: a Breed of Their Own (Adventure One)

Dark follows in the footsteps of Edward J. Eyre.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing by Rocco Fazzari

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 25, 1997 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

TOM WOLFE'S AMBUSH

BYLINE: Reviewed by PAUL SHEEHAN - Paul Sheehan is a senior Herald writer.

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Books; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 918 words


AMBUSH AT FORT BRAGG

By Tom Wolfe

Bantam Doubleday Dell Audio

Four tapes, $US21.95

ISBN 0 553 47896 6

TOM Wolfe is back. It is 10 years since his hugely successful novel The Bonfire
of the Vanities. Finally, he has a new book, Ambush at Fort Bragg.

There is only one problem: Australians are not going to be able to read it.

For 30 years, Tom Wolfe, with his distinctive hyperbole and superb reportorial
eye and ear, has enjoyed a passionate following that is broad and deep. Ambush
is classic Wolfe. He mixes two alien worlds, homosexuality and the United States
military. Just to make sure the mixture is lethal, he adds TV news venality. The
catalyst for the story is the murder of an American soldier, kicked to death
when caught fellating another man in a toilet. Most of the action takes place in
Fort Bragg, North Carolina, the base for the US Army's elite forces, and Bragg
Boulevard, the strip where razor-headed warriors go to let off steam:

Topless bars, topless bars, topless bars, one after the other. As soon as the
sun had gone down this appalling fever-line of late twentieth-century instant
gratification had lit up. Ten thousand back-lit plastic signs and banks of
floodlights came on in every hot, toxic, radioactive, microwaved pastel shade
perceivable by the eye of man, until a look down Bragg Boulevard led your gaze
right into the gaudy gullet of hell itself.

Ambush at Fort Bragg is unusual for several reasons. Since Bonfire, Wolfe has
been working on the largest project of his career, a 700-page novel that was
originally called The Mayflies, until Wolfe decided the title made him itch.
Ambush is a by-product from this unfinished project, which was to have been
published this year but will not be.

Instead, we get a story that was a sub-text in the big novel and grew into a
28,000-word novella, written on deadline for serialisation in Rolling Stone
magazine. It has been published as a stand-alone audio book in the US, where it
has been a best-seller. It is the first time a work by a major author has
appeared only in audio form.

It's obvious why the publishers have taken this unusual step. The heart and soul
of Ambush is the redneck patois of the three young US Army rangers who form the
ambiguous moral centre of the story. When these boys - Ziggy, Jimmy and Florey -
get talking, they are much better heard than read:You risk your larf for the
unit. And the unit's all-tarm hammer'n away at one thing: be a mairn. It don'
say, "be a good person". It don' say, "be a man, more or less". You try put
homsexuals in a fart'n unit, you can jist foget 'bout that. The kinda ole boy
you got to have just ain't gonna set still for that. And you can wait a thousand
years, and try to enlaarten him, and he still ain't gonna set still.

The problem for Australians with this audio-only strategy is that audio books
are expensive here. Ambush remains unpublished in Australia. So Wolfe fans will
have to order it direct from the US or via the Internet. This reflects a wider
problem for Australia, where audio books are also an underrated genre. They
should not be. Two recent audio books have been superb - Tim Winton's The
Riders, read by Gary Sweet, and the Pulitzer Prize-winning, best-selling memoir
by Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes. However good Ashes is in print, it is even
better when read by McCourt. The great Irish story-telling tradition is most
fully expressed in the oral version.

"Audio is fabulous, but it is very price-sensitive," says Bob Bryant, of
Transworld publishers. "An audio that retails for $21 in the US costs about $40
in Australia."

Pity. Ambush at Fort Bragg features the great dialect gifts of a young American
actor, Edward Norton, who lifts the story to a level that could not be achieved
on the page. (A good audio book needs only one actor. Any more voices are
distracting.) It is impeccably produced, with just the right music evoking, at
just the right moments, martial pride, or seedy strip-joint rock, or swelling
network bombast.

Ambush is also a great book for anyone who distrusts the news media (a rather
large potential market). Tom Wolfe is one of the greatest journalists ever, a
man who was so pyrotechnically original when he emerged in the early 1960s that
he helped create a new genre, the New Journalism. Wolfe wrote a defining book
about the '60s, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, defining books about the '70s,
Radical Chic and Mau-Mauing the Flak-Catchers, and The Right Stuff and a
defining book about the '80s, Bonfire of the Vanities.

Now he turns on his own profession, the news media, and its tendencies towards
sanctimoniousness, superficiality, double standards, manipulation, highly
selective editing and self-congratulation. The two driving characters of Ambush
are a veteran news producer and a perfectly groomed anchorwoman who work for a
New York-based network news magazine (read Sixty Minutes ).

Wolfe's pleasure in moral complexity is so great, and his contempt for the
values of network journalism is so well-informed, that by the end of the
novella, Ziggy, Jimmy and Florey - all guilty of gay-bashing and all
pig-ignorant - look like straight

arrows, even heroes, when compared with the manipulative hypocrites of network
TV.

This kid Ziggy was a Tobacco Row throwback, an unrenovated native, a true
southern primitive, a Florida redneck, a skinhead. But, somehow, he had managed
to become - eloquent. An eloquently sincere young American fighting man.

This is pure Wolfe, well told. Better than anything you'll get on the radio.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Love in the streets, '90s style . . . a photograph by Guzman
from The White T, by Alice Harris (HarperCollins, $75), tracing the history of
T-shirts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1997 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 2, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Cuomo, O'Rourke Cross Swords But Shed No Blood

BYLINE: By Carlyle C. Douglas and Mary Connelly

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 303 words


It was boring, as political debates go, but then that was what made it
interesting. After months of implying dreadful things about each other, Governor
Cuomo and his chief challenger, Westchester County Executive Andrew P. O'Rourke,
said they really had not meant to.

''I never suggested anything untoward about Mr. O'Rourke's conduct,'' said Mr.
Cuomo, who had insisted only the week before that Mr. O'Rourke had declined to
list his law clients publicly because he ''must have something to hide.''

Mr. O'Rourke, the Republican candidate, who had tried to link the Governor with
scandals involving fellow Democrats in his home borough of Queens, backed off
just as far: ''What I've said about the Governor from the beginning was not that
I charged him personally with any venality,'' Mr. O'Rourke said. ''I never had,
and I never will.''

It was left to the third debater, District Attorney Denis E. Dillon of Nassau
County, the Right to Life candidate, to point out that ethics had been ''a phony
issue right from the start.''

''Now,'' Mr. Dillon interjected. ''Why shouldn't the public think we're crooks
when we spend our campaigns calling each other crooks with no evidence?'' Aides
of Mr. Cuomo and Mr. O'Rourke said they had urged their candidates to remain on
their best behavior.

During the 90-minute session at The New York Times, Mr. Cuomo also declined to
commit himself as to his plans for adjusting state taxes or revising rent
guidelines. Mr. O'Rourke said he would like to see an inspector general at work
in the school system, to ''find out how many computers never get out of the
crates, how many teachers never turn up, how many temporary teachers can't pass
exams, things like that.'' And Mr. Dillon said he thought the Governor should
''end public funding of abortions in this state.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              229 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                     January 5, 2003 Sunday ADVANCE EDITION

The notable and the notorious of the commonwealth's past

SECTION: FEATURES BOOKS; Pg. H14

LENGTH: 674 words


Pennsylvania
A History of the Commonwealth
Edited by Randall M. Miller

and William Pencak

Penn State. 654 pp. $49.95 (hardcover) $29.95 (softcover)

Reviewed by Ed Voves

William Penn looked upon his colony as a "Holy Experiment" and "the seed of a
nation" where religious and civil liberty would flourish. William Allen, one of
the great figures of 18th-century Pennsylvania, stressed its role as "the best
poor man's country."

Unfortunately, Pennsylvania's tumultuous political history has produced few
leaders of national stature but enough scoundrels to fill a Hall of Shame. The
venality of Simon Cameron, Lincoln's first secretary of war, was so notorious
that he was literally exiled to Russia as an ambassador.

Edited by Randall M. Miller and William Pencak, Pennsylvania: A History of the
Commonwealth combines an innovative format, perceptive scholarship, and a
compelling literary style. The first section presents a chronological account,
from American Indian cultures all the way to recent postindustrial decades, each
chapter written by a major historian. Following this are thematic chapters
focusing on the state's archaeology, architecture, geography and folklore.
Interspersed within both sections are insightful biographies and studies of
special topics.

Although the team of authors seldom misses an opportunity to extol the
pioneering accomplishments of Pennsylvania's people, it does so with
unsentimental objectivity. The result is a text filled with provocative,
sometimes unsettling, conclusions.

A good example is the discussion of 18th-century Philadelphia by William Pencak.
Philadelphia during the 1700s is commonly depicted as a city where the ruling
elites remained bound to the rest of the population by a strong sense of civic
responsibility. The great disparity of wealth produced by the Industrial
Revolution had yet to create class and labor antagonism.

Pencak shows that the public-spirited innovations of Philadelphia's aristocrats,
like the founding of Pennsylvania Hospital in 1751, were many. Yet "the public
the elites benefited was largely themselves." Most Philadelphians were slaves,
indentured servants and unskilled laborers living in shanties in such places as
"Helltown" in Northern Liberties. Philadelphia's death rate exceeded that of
present-day Ethiopia, while the homicide rate was twice as high as London's
during the same period.

Pencak notes that the disturbing social trends in 18th-century Philadelphia were
part of a narrowing of economic opportunity caused in part by the rapid loss of
fertile frontier land available to the poor. A major result was the extreme
radicalism of the Revolution in Pennsylvania, especially in Philadelphia.

The book's biographical sidebars feature such people as the Hessian soldier
Isaac Klinkerfuss; the 19th-century feminist from Erie, Sarah Reed; and
Philadelphia's civil rights martyr of the 1870s, Octavius Catto.

As Wilbur Zelinsky's excellent chapter on Pennsylvania's geography makes plain,
the state, though blessed with abundant mineral resources, was cut in two by the
"Endless Mountains" of the Appalachian chain. Of necessity, Pennsylvania's "best
and brightest" devoted their efforts to conquering natural obstacles to build
the state into an industrial juggernaut.

Human opponents were treated in similar fashion. Under the ruthless leadership
of Thomas Scott, the Pennsylvania Railroad became the nation's leading
corporation. The "Pennsy" was sustained by a no-nonsense work ethic and a
willingness to use the state militia to smash labor unions.

Pennsylvania offers a rich array of people and events to consider. It is quite
simply a magnificent book, worthy of the Keystone State's past and of vital
importance to its future. In its pages, the quiet, industrious heroes and
heroines of Pennsylvania - who did indeed make William Penn's colony "the seed
of a nation" - come alive once more.

Ed Voves is a researcher in the Inquirer/ Daily News library. Contact him at
215-854-4741 or vovese@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 30, 2010 Friday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Putting no stock in brokers' cries over fee limits Proposals on mutual fund
charges, in fact, are too modest, and overdue.

BYLINE: DAVID NICKLAUS dnicklaus@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8213

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: 0


To read brokers' comments about a possible new mutual fund rule, you'd think the
Securities and Exchange Commission was proposing to help Wall Street fleece
small investors.

In reality, the SEC is pushing for modest limits, and a bit of truth in
labeling, on certain mutual fund fees. It could, and should, go further.

Even a modest fee limit, though, has the brokers screaming.

James Hergenroeder, a Wells Fargo Advisors representative in Greensburg, Pa.,
tells the SEC that "the unintended consequence will be higher overall fees for
investors that can get service, and the abandonment of millions of older
investors with no one to turn to for help."

Hunter Bailey of Sacramento, Calif., worries about the venality of his fellow
brokers. They might churn clients' accounts to make up for the lost revenue, he
tells the SEC.

These brokers are defending a 30-year-old rule that collected $9.5 billion in
fees last year, and one that has been stretched far beyond the SEC's original
intent.

Rule 12b-1, as it's called, lets funds charge up to 1 percent a year for
marketing costs. In reality, most of the money goes to compensate salespeople.
The arrangement allows funds to be promoted as "no-load," even when large sums
are moving from the investor's pocket to the salesperson's.

The SEC wants to clearly label the amount that's paid to brokers an "ongoing
sales charge," and print the amount on every customer's statement.

The proposal also would make the sales fee go away when it has collected an
amount equal to a traditional front-end load. If a fund has one class of shares
with a 5 percent load, and another with a 12b-1 fee of 0.5 percent, it could
impose that fee for only 10 years. (At least that's a simple interpretation of
the rule. The actual math may be more complex.)

Russel Kinnel, Morningstar's director of fund analysis, likes the disclosure
change but says the proposal "is kind of an acceptance of reality." In other
words, it rocks the boat as little as possible.

Fund supermarkets, operated by the likes of Charles Schwab and Fidelity
Investments, will still be able to promote their "no transaction fee" offerings,
even though investors pay 0.25 percent a year for the convenience. The charges
will be renamed a "marketing and service fee."

"The supermarket investor could be helped out a lot by having greater clarity,"
Kinnel says. "In a real sense, there is no such thing as zero transaction fee."

The brokers' objection - that fee limits hurt the little guy - can be dismissed
easily. If a broker is willing to handle a small account under the 12b-1
arrangement, he or she should be willing to work for the same amount of money
paid in a more transparent way.

"They wouldn't handle the small account today unless the fees are big enough to
justify their time," says Larry Swedroe, research director at Buckingham Asset
Management and author of a new book, "Wise Investing Made Simpler."

Brokerage firms, Swedroe says, profit by keeping fees hidden. "These various
share classes are basically a way to rip people off," he alleges.

What the SEC should do is to draw a bright line: Mutual funds should collect
fees for money management expenses, period. There should be no kickbacks to
advisers, who should be forced to charge the client directly for their advice.

The good ones wouldn't have anything to worry about. The lazy ones would, and
that's why opaque compensation arrangements such as the 12b-1 need to disappear.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The New Dealer

BYLINE: By JONATHAN GRIFFIN

SECTION: Section M2; Column 0; T: Men's Fashion Magazine; T MAGAZINE; Pg. 124

LENGTH: 1877 words


David Kordansky might not be the biggest player in the L.A. gallery scene, but
his manic enthusiasm and seemingly genuine determination to draw attention to
underappreciated artists make him the most interesting by far.

There is little in the world that David Kordansky enjoys more than talking about
art. According to the artists he represents and the collectors to whom he sells,
this is his gift. The artist Rashid Johnson, whom Kordansky has represented
since 2009, said he can count on the fingers of one hand the number of times he
and Kordansky have spoken about sales. There is no doubt that Kordansky, who is
37, can sell art like few other dealers, but he prefers to leave the closing of
the deal to his staff. The venality of the current art business dismays him.
Even in the 11 years since he opened his first gallery in L.A.'s Chinatown, the
market has become bloated beyond recognition, he said, especially in the auction
houses of New York and London. ''I believe in art much more than I believe in
the art world,'' he told me last summer in the kitchen of his home in the Los
Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, where he lives with his wife, the artist
Mindy Shapero, and their two young children.

In person, Kordansky is almost compulsively candid, by turns hectoring and
vulnerable, outspoken and shy. ''He wears his heart on his sleeve,'' is the
phrase I heard over and over again from the people who know him best. Candor
can, of course, also be a form of performance. Collectors who enjoy the company
of artists appreciate his eccentric, intimate manner, which make them feel like
the chosen few.

Beneath his gym-fit, boyish exterior and positive, Californian outlook, his
persistence and gritty ambition are evident still. He may disdain aspects of the
art market, but the success of his business is obviously a source of pride. ''I
didn't come from money. I've bootstrapped every step of the way,'' he said.

Kordansky's latest gamble is on a 12,705-square-foot gallery -- designed by
Kulapat Yantrasast, head of the architecture firm wHY -- which recently opened
in a nondescript midcity neighborhood halfway between the L.A. art hubs of
Highland Avenue and Culver City, where his last two spaces were situated. With
its bow-truss ceilings and abundance of light, the former martial arts studio
and car dealership now exudes an ambience of cloistered calm. Comprised of two
equally sized galleries, a viewing room and on-site art storage, the space also
boasts a lounge for artists and their families, and private gardens for staff.
Kordansky has always aimed to create ''a culture of ownership'' among his
gallery's employees. In return, he receives a degree of loyalty rare in the
notoriously factious and gossipy gallery world.

Kordansky was born in Biloxi, Miss., to American Jewish parents; his father was
a doctor and his mother a family therapist. In the late '90s he was accepted at
the small but esteemed Hartford Art School. In 2000, he moved to the West Coast
to study in the graduate art program at the California Institute of the Arts
under conceptual artists including Michael Asher, Charles Gaines and Martin
Kersels. (Kordansky now represents the painter Thomas Lawson, the dean of the
art school.) After college, he continued to make installations, perform and
curate exhibitions of friends' work with his classmate, Jeff Kopp. From the
outset he approached running a gallery as a creative project, perhaps more like
an artist than a businessman, and soon became known as the primary dealer for
what has been called ''the post-Mike Kelley generation.''

Stories abound from those early days of Kordansky's limitless, sometimes
maniacal enthusiasm for his artists. The collector Mera Rubell remembers meeting
him in 2006. Kordansky was determined to show her and her husband, Don, the work
of a young artist he was representing, Aaron Curry, while Curry was on vacation.
Reached by phone in Hawaii, Curry gave them permission to break into his studio,
where Kordansky was soon pulling sculptures out of boxes and expounding on the
artist's ideas. The following morning -- at 6 a.m., while shuttling the couple
to the airport -- Kordansky took them to meet Thomas Houseago, another sculptor
he had recently begun to champion, who laid out his work in a studio borrowed
for the occasion. Rubell says she was ''blown away.'' She and her husband later
invited the two artists and their dealer to visit their museum in Miami. The
trip was an inspiring and formative experience for the three men, who stayed up
late into the night, drinking and arguing about Picasso, classicism and
figuration in sculpture.

Kordansky's passionate nature has not always worked in his favor. His
professional relationship with Houseago buckled under the weight of its own
intensity in 2009, when the artist left David Kordansky Gallery -- a loss Rubell
described as ''a huge wake-up call'' for the young dealer. Houseago finally
settled with the international powerhouse Hauser & Wirth in 2011. ''There was
this abundance of youthful energy bouncing off each other that, in the end, was
bigger than both of us,'' Kordansky said ruefully. (Houseago agreed, but noted,
''I can confidently say my career would not be where it is now without him.'')

The majority of his artists have stuck by Kordansky, however. His very first
exhibition in Chinatown included Matthew Brannon, Patrick Hill, Will Fowler,
Lesley Vance and William E. Jones, all of whom continue to show with the
gallery. Brannon told me that Kordansky's often blunt manner can be an asset,
despite artists' often fragile egos: ''My therapist loves Dave. He says, 'You
always know where you stand with this guy; he treats you right, he's telling you
the problem.' ''

Kordansky now represents over 30 artists and counting, hence the need for space.
He is still far from being the biggest fish in the L.A. pond -- nor, perhaps,
would he want to be. He prefers to avoid competition with his neighbors, who
include Regen Projects near Highland Avenue, Blum & Poe in Culver City, Overduin
& Co. in Hollywood, Marc Foxx, also a stone's throw from the Los Angeles County
Museum of Art, and the power players Gagosian, Matthew Marks and Hauser Wirth &
Schimmel, the last of which will take over a former flour mill in Downtown in
2015. When asked which galleries he feels a kinship toward, he instead looks
across the Atlantic: to Johann König in Berlin, Standard (Oslo) in Norway or
Herald Street in London. The art world loves youth, and Kordansky currently
occupies the sweet spot between blue-chip establishment and cutting edge.

In contrast to his imposing new gallery space, Kordansky's home is modest,
perfectly scaled to a family of four and designed for living, not for
entertaining. Kordansky grows kale, Meyer lemons and Persian cucumbers in the
garden. He gave me the tour with the eagerness of a child showing off new toys.
Succulents exploded from earthy ceramic planters made by Robert Maxwell and
David Cressey on the deck outside the kitchen. In addition to pieces by artists
Kordansky represents -- Valentin Carron, Larry Johnson, Elad Lassry -- the
interior was furnished with Brazilian and Mexican Modernist pieces in rosewood
and leather, and ceramics were displayed beside rows of art books on
floor-to-ceiling shelves. A painted sculpture of a nude trapeze artist by the
Japanese Pop artist Keiichi Tanaami sat on a coffee table, and drawings of
outlandish figures by the Chicago Imagist Karl Wirsum hung on one wall.

Kordansky appreciates the Californian tendency to disregard hierarchies between
creative disciplines; his gallery represents artists such as Ruby Neri and the
Geneva-based Mai-Thu Perret, who both work in the tradition of John Mason, one
of the Californian artists who, in the late 1950s, first brought ceramics into
contemporary art galleries. (Mason, now 87, joined David Kordansky Gallery last
year.) About half of his roster is made up of Angelenos, and a Californian
sensibility infuses the program -- not only in its emphasis on the region's
art-historical legacy, but also, more broadly, in its bias toward esoterica and
marginalia, domestic themes and profane materials.

Kordansky likes to talk about ''curating one's life.'' Shouldn't we consider the
architecture, the objects we handle, the furniture we sit on and the artwork we
look at all as part of a unified aesthetic experience? He showed me a shelf of
tiny Doyle Lane vases, each glazed a different color and texture. He would
always rather stand in front of an object than look at a screen, and is
particularly skeptical about what has recently been labeled ''post-Internet''
art -- work made from Internet memes, online avatars, stock photos, patents and
3D scans. ''We don't even want to talk about the world any more,'' he said.
''We're disconnected from core emotionality.''

In other places, talk of lifestyle is always related to an embarrassment about
class, but in L.A. it's an ongoing philosophical discussion. ''The exterior of
my life kind of runs itself,'' Kordansky admitted over a lunch of grilled
chicken and kale salad. ''Now it's about the interior, the spiritual. It's about
getting at the core of my existence -- which is about my family.'' There is
little distinction in his mind between his professional and personal lives, or
between his tastes in art and his philosophy of being. ''It's about having an
open, holistic view rather than a myopic view,'' he said. ''Here culture is more
attached to nature.'' The greenery beyond the wide window, the home-grown salad
and the stoneware planters seemed to reinforce his point.

Two years ago, Kordansky undertook a pilgrimage to the D.C. studio of Sam
Gilliam, an 80-year-old African-American painter of the Washington Color School.
Gilliam never achieved the level of recognition that his peers from the 1960s
such as Kenneth Noland and Morris Louis did, in part because the art
establishment didn't know what to make of a black artist who refused to make
work about race. Kordansky had been a fan of Gilliam's radically innovative,
unstretched, stained canvases for years, and had shared his enthusiasm with
Rashid Johnson when they first met in 2009. (Johnson, who didn't know many
dealers -- let alone young white dealers -- who were interested in Gilliam's
work, was impressed, and agreed to join Kordansky's gallery himself.) The pair
asked Gilliam to do an exhibition in L.A., which Johnson would curate. They
feared they were overreaching, and when they put their proposal to Gilliam in
his studio, they thought he was laughing at them. In fact, they realized, he was
crying.

As Kordansky told me this story, I saw that he was also close to tears. Since
first working with Gilliam, he has placed his paintings in the collections of
the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Rose Art Museum
in Massachusetts. Without Gilliam, he said, the new gallery would probably not
have been possible. There is nothing Kordansky is prouder of than having been
able to bring him back into the spotlight. ''The work has done for other people
what it did for us,'' he said. ''There is no money in the world that can buy an
experience like that.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/10/david-kordansky-art-dealer-profile
/

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: INNER CIRCLE Kordansky (center) with several artists he
represents, from left: John Mason, Rashid Johnson, Kathryn Andrews, Jonas Wood,
Mary Weatherford, Elad Lassry, Anthony Pearson, Ricky Swallow, Thomas Lawson and
Lesley Vance. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ELENA DORFMANN)
SAM GILLIAM Washington, D.C.-based artist whose paintings, spanning the 1960s to
the present day, had been much neglected prior to Kordansky's interest. ''Wide
Narrow,'' 1972.
ELAD LASSRY Israeli-born artist who often appropriates or digitally modifies
images, transforming them into something more like sculpture. ''Untitled (Boot
A),'' 2013.
JOHN MASON One of the Californian artists whose work helped bring ceramics to
museums in the late 1950s. Sculptures from the exhibition ''Crosses, Figures,
Spears, Torques,'' 2013.
JONAS WOOD Known for his colorful, flat interiors, often depicting his own Los
Angeles studio, as well as for paintings of boxers and basketball and baseball
players. ''Kitchen with Aloe Plant,'' 2013.
RASHID JOHNSON Artist who refers to aspects of African-American culture in
paintings and sculptures made from materials such as black wax, mirrors, zebra
skins and shea butter. ''Un-American Idol,'' 2014.
MARY WEATHERFORD Painter whose abstract works, made by building up thin washes
of paint and attaching strips of neon, are inspired by California's coastal
landscapes. ''Neptune's Net,'' 2013.
RICKY SWALLOW Australian-born artist who casts his small sculptures, made from
cardboard and rope, in painted bronze. ''Magnifying Glass with Rope No. 1,''
2014.
 LESLEY VANCE  Los Angeles-based painter whose small-scale,  luminous abstract
paintings are inspired by traditional  still lifes and landscapes. ''Untitled,''
2014. (PHOTOGRAPHS COURTESY OF DAVID KORDANSKY GALLERY, LOS ANGELES, CALIF.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              232 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday

LET THE DEVIL'S ADVOCATE ROT

BYLINE: Michael Goodwin

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1091 words


JUSTICE is blind, but not stupid. At least not in the case of the odious Lynne
Stewart.

It took years, but this is a story of triumph for innocent people everywhere in
the war against terrorists. The criminal-justice system actually worked, and the
outcome is all the more fitting because Stewart's venality was matched only by
her arrogance and greed.

Convicted five years ago of terrorism charges, the radical lawyer foolishly
appealed the verdict and her 28-month sentence, even while boasting the sentence
was so short she could do it "standing on my head." Of her crimes, she told
reporters she would "do it again."

Too clever by half. Now she is doing 10 years and has only herself to blame for
the added time.

And we have brilliant lawyering by the Manhattan US Attorney's Office and a wise
decision by a federal court of appeals to thank for correcting the gross
miscarriage of justice the initial sentence represented.

There's no debate about the lethal intent of her crimes. Stewart was the lawyer
for Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman, an Islamic fanatic who plotted attacks in Egypt and
New York.

He was being held under tight security in federal lockups so he couldn't
communicate with violent followers. To her everlasting disgrace, Stewart used
her privilege as a lawyer to help pass messages, some of which aimed to promote
murder, to those followers, then lied about it in court.

A jury convicted her, and although she faced up to 30 years, Judge John Koeltl
gave her only 28 months, saying she was in bad health and deserved a break for
defending many poor clients over the years. That was his mistake.

Stewart's mistakes were her boasts to reporters and an appeal that argued for no
jail time at all. Manhattan prosecutors seized on that fatuous claim to argue
that, far from being too harsh, the 28 months was too lenient, given the serious
nature of her crimes, her obvious lies under oath and sentences in similar
cases.

Happily, the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals agreed with the government. It upheld
the conviction and, saying Koeltl had erred in calculating his initial sentence,
ordered him to reconsider Stewart's sentence.

He did and last week tacked on nearly eight more years. He cited her lack of
remorse, as well as the appeals court ruling.

"I'm somewhat stunned, Judge, at the swift change in my outlook," a blubbering
Stewart told him.

No doubt she is, as we all are. Stunned that justice was done.

Stewart is 70, so there's a good chance she's right when she says she won't get
out of prison alive. She's served only eight months and claims already "prison
has diminished me," adding, "I sense myself losing pieces of my personhood."

She should have thought of that before signing on as an accomplice to terrorism.
The sympathy she wants is reserved for the victims of the worldwide scourge she
abetted.

Her case should also serve as a warning to other lawyers with a nasty habit of
romanticizing their terror clients. Legal representation of unsavory people is
noble; aiding the cause of waging war against America is pure evil.

A lawyer's privilege isn't a license to do both.

D-LISTER GETS AN F

The decline at CNN continues, and not just in audience size. Kathy Griffin, the
foulmouthed, unfunny comic who is the network's pet rock, called Massachusetts
Sen. Scott Brown's daughters "prostitutes." She did it in front of two CNN
reporters, one of whom laughed heartily.

BAM 'MESSES' HIMSELF UP

Here's the non sequitur of the week from President Obama. In an interview with
NBC, he said "nobody in the White House is satisfied" with the high employment.

But in the next breath, he said the fall elections were "a choice between the
policies that got us into this mess and my policies that got us out of this
mess."

Huh?

ANTI-CAR POOL LANES

When he hires someone, Mayor Bloomberg always gives one final order: Don't screw
it up!

Evidence mounts that his transportation commissioner didn't hear him.

Janette Sadik-Khan's anti-car zealotry has taken a new and goofier turn. Not
content with carving up congested streets to make room for bike lanes and
pedestrian plazas, she now wants to put swimming pools on Park Avenue.

Yep - swimming pools on Park Avenue.

They're Dumpster pools, and they'll be between 40th and 41st streets for the
first three Saturdays in August. A rendering of the portable pools, released
first to The New York Times, shows swimmers, cabanas, bikers and sunbathers but,
of course, no cars on the major thoroughfare.

Having already turned Times Square into a traffic disaster and planning the same
for 34th Street, Sadik-Khan obviously sees herself as the antidote to New
Yorkers who simply want to get from here to there.

In that case, Bloomy ought to give her a new job: the un-transportation
commissioner. Then he can give her current job to somebody who actually wants to
do it.

GOV'S BUDGET A STOPGAP TRAP

Here's a shocker: The state budget is full of holes and is balanced only with
fuzzy math and rose-colored glasses.

Where's the news, you ask? There isn't any, except to remind there was a better
way, laid out months ago by Lt. Gov. Richard Ravitch.

Faced with a $9.2 billion gap, lawmakers and Gov. Paterson spent 100 days
pretending to fill it. Pretend is all they did.

The result is that $4.8 billion of the gap-closing moves are "risky" or based on
overly optimistic projections, says state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli.

The disastrous outcome is proof that Paterson goofed in shunning the Ravitch
plan.

Ravitch took a lot of heat for offering to allow borrowing of $2 billion a year,
for three years, to cover operational costs. In exchange, his plan required
adoption of a number of lasting reforms, including stricter accounting standards
and a mechanism for forcing quick action if gaps emerged.

Many in the Legislature signed on, but Paterson rejected it, saying he wouldn't
endorse any borrowing, as did Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, his likely
successor. Both argued that the borrowing scheme was a bad idea and would
eliminate the pressure for real spending cuts.

What a hoot. Now we get a lousy budget full of gimmicks. It increases spending
by 8 percent, won't survive without more changes, and it doesn't solve any of
the long-term problems pushing the state toward insolvency.

Meanwhile, none of the Ravitch reforms were enacted, so the clunky process
remains and the political stalemate could easily be repeated.

In short, Albany took a bad situation and made it worse.

You've heard of a win-win? This is a lose-lose.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lynne Stewart. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             January 3, 2003 Friday

To err is to be a columnist

BYLINE: JONATHAN ROSENBLUM

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1322 words



HIGHLIGHT: THINK AGAIN


Rereading my column of two weeks ago, "Politics and double standards," it now
strikes me that I made too little of the scandal surrounding the Likud's
internal elections. Though I made clear that Attorney-General Elyakim Rubinstein
was right to order an immediate probe, some of my terminology describing the
allegations - "petty chicanery," "venality," "run-of-the-mill sleaze" -
downplays the seriousness of those allegations.

That families with known connections to organized crime viewed the Likud
elections as an opportunity to gain influence and profit is no laughing matter.
And the possibility that the prime minister's son and closest adviser did not
shun contact with such families is even less so.

The central argument of the previous piece - that the nose of the Israeli media
for scandal is highly selective and determined by political sympathies - still
strikes me as true and worth reiterating. Virtually all agree today that Prime
Minister Ariel Sharon was right to dismiss Nomi Blumenthal for refusing to
answer the questions of police investigators. Yet few in the media are equally
outraged by Isaac Herzog's refusal to do so or are calling for his removal from
the Labor list. Nevertheless the Likud corruption scandal is serious, and the
fourth estate has a duty to pursue it like bloodhounds.

Perhaps growing up in Chicago, where Democratic "boss" Richard Daley reigned
supreme, desensitized me to the seriousness of government corruption. I suspect,
however, that the true explanation for my failure lies closer to home. Who can
bear to contemplate the implications of serious corruption in the Likud?

If the current allegations are true, the choice of voters between Likud and
Labor is one between Tammany Hall and insanity verging on the suicidal. (Yosef
Lapid's anti- religious demagoguery is no more appealing to me.) But rather than
confront squarely the unappetizing nature of the choice confronting us, I
understated the seriousness of Likud corruption. Who says that Yossi Beilin, who
once described Oslo as the product of his psychological inability to live in a
world in which peace is impossible, is the only one for whom the wish is father
to the deed?

Governmental corruption, however, is a serious business. Countries in which
bribery and corruption are endemic tend to be grouped towards the bottom of the
scale of economic development. Such corruption skews markets by introducing all
manner of irrational calculations, and thereby stifles individual initiative.
Where large groups of citizens are convinced that the playing field is not
level, they will simply stop playing the game.

Yet there are all manner of ways in which the playing field is tilted, of which
vote contracting is only one. Today's efforts by certain groups to buy political
influence is, in part, an effort to counter the culture of protekzia that
favored the early Ashkenazi settlers, and which still has not been eradicated.

The devolution of power to determine societal norms to the Supreme Court is
another example of distortions in elective democracy. As Professor Ruth Gavison
has pointed out no other supreme court has appropriated that power to such a
degree. That concentration of power in the hands of the court is further
exacerbated by the fact that the justices are unrepresentative of the society
whose norms they would establish. They constitute a self-selecting and
self-perpetuating "sect" (to quote Gavison again).

As Simcha Dinitz and Eli Hurwitz have cause to know, it does not harm one's
chances before the court to travel in the same social set as the justices. Nor
will it hurt to choose an attorney who is one of Justice Theodore Or's closest
friends.

Justice Michael Cheshin's decision to ban Moshe Feiglin from running for Knesset
on the grounds that Zo Artzenu's campaign of civil disobedience against the Oslo
Accords constituted crimes of "moral turpitude" typifies the latitude taken by
justices in determining norms. To the contrary, Feiglin's civil disobedience was
the highest affirmation of the rule of law. He stood prepared to bear the legal
consequences of his actions precisely in order to arouse public opinion to
reverse the Knesset decisions he opposed.

From one point of view, we might even be optimistic that anyone even thought
that the Knesset still wields enough power to be worth purchasing influence over
MKs. Yet a third tilt of the democratic playing field is the open political bias
of the public media, well documented by Media Watch. Arutz-7, which Justice
Cheshin, as head of the Election Committee, has ordered to refrain from election
propaganda, only exists because of the hold over the media by one band of the
ideological spectrum. Contrary to what Justice Cheshin believes, Arutz-7
operates under no greater presumption of propagandizing than Israel Radio.

RECONSIDERATION of my own failures provokes some thoughts on the columnist's
art. My friend Ben-Dror Yemini of Ma'ariv likes to describe columnists as people
who know nothing about everything. Columnists tend to have lots of opinions and
the ability to express them sharply, not necessarily any particular expertise in
the subjects about which they write. In most cases, they lack access to any
inside information not generally available to anyone who reads widely. I, for
instance, have a decent academic background in law and a more-or-less intimate
knowledge of the haredi community, which most readers are lacking, but many of
my columns draw on neither.

Those who write many columns a week are also not immune to factual mistakes,
despite their best efforts. Take, for instance, my recent assertion that the
current Likud Central Committee was known to be sympathetic to Binyamin
Netanyahu, which ignored Prime Minister Sharon's largely successful efforts to
remake the Central Committee in his own image through the massive registration
drive of new Likud members.

Not all columnists, of course, are equally ignorant. When Daniel Pipes writes
about Islamist terrorism, he does so as a leading expert on the subject. Every
piece by this paper's Evelyn Gordon cries out with the thoroughness of her
research.

On the other hand, academic qualifications are neither a necessary or sufficient
condition for excellence in a columnist. Charles Krauthammer is a psychiatrist
by training, but that has little to do with his incisive analysis of a host of
issues. George Will did graduate work at Oxford and Victor Davis Hanson is a
classicist. While their vast reading undoubtedly shaped their worldviews, it is
only immediately evident in their work in the historical analogies and metaphors
they choose. Mark Steyn's rapier wit and keen eye for idiocy make him worth
reading whatever his training.

In his study of public intellectuals, Judge Richard Posner notes the tendency of
pundits to engage in apocalyptic prophesying for rhetorical effect. Of one such
intellectual, Posner writes, "He was shameless in prophecy and undaunted by
repeated falsification." In short, there are few penalties for wrongheaded
columnists, even ones who are repeatedly betrayed by subsequent events. By the
time their mistakes are glaringly obvious, the pages filled with their words are
being used to wrap dead fish.

I still remember the well-known Israeli military commentator who confidently
predicted that America would never attack Iraq in 1991 only hours before the
first bombs were dropped on Baghdad. That was hardly his only such failure; a
friend once remarked that it was too bad he was not a stock picker - one could
make a fortune doing the opposite. Yet that record of missed predictions did
nothing to impede his professional advance to the pinnacle of Israeli
journalism.

What is the lesson of all this? To readers - never forget to take what you read
with a grain of salt, even when it agrees with your own opinions. To columnists
- be ever mindful of your all-too evident fallibility and ready to reexamine
long-held opinions.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 4, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NO PROSECUTION IN POSTAL CASE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 46, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 3


The Justice Department has decided not to prosecute John R. McKean, chairman of
the United States Postal Service's board of governors, for his role in the
awarding of $550,00 postal contract to a law firm with which he had business
ties.

Representative William D. Ford, head of the House Post Office and Civil Service
Committee, plans to direct the General Accounting Office, an investigative arm
of Congress, to resume an inquiry into the matter, the committee disclosed this
week. In addition, Mr. Ford, a Michigan Democrat, said he would seek a more
complete explanation of why the Justice Department refused to press charges.

Assistant Attorney General John R. Bolton said the decision was based on several
considerations, including the ''absence of any evidence of venality and the
availability of appropriate administrative action.''

Mr. Mckean recommended in 1984 that the Postal Service hire the San Francisco
law firm of Littler, Mendelson, Fastiff & Tichy to advise postal management on
contract talks with labor unions. The Tichy firm at the time was a client of Mr.
McKean's accounting firm.

Federal laws prohibit Government officials from using their offices for personal
gain or for the enrichment of people with whom they have business or financial
ties.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              235 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 10, 2001, Friday

JAIL DEAL FOR RABBIS IN HOLOCAUST SCAM

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER FRANCESCANI

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 014

LENGTH: 399 words


A Brooklyn federal judge reluctantly agreed to a plea deal yesterday in which
two Brooklyn rabbis - one a former adviser to then-Mayor Ed Koch - will serve 33
months in prison for swindling hundreds of thousands of dollars earmarked for
Holocaust survivors.

Noting the "wanton fraud and venality" of rabbis stealing from Holocaust
victims, U.S. District judge Raymond Dearie said he "might think twice about
buying into this agreement," but said he'd been swayed by the two rabbis'
apparent lifelong service to the Hasidic communities in Brooklyn.

"As you read this file and try and reconcile all the things people say about
these two men with the crimes they committed, it's seemingly in contrast to
everything they stood for as members of the community."

Rabbis Jacob Bronner, 51 - who served for 12 years as Koch's unpaid adviser -
and Rabbi Efroim Stein, 55, controlled the non-profit Project Social Care. The
group received a $2.5 million grant in 1995 from the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development to create a counseling program "tailored to meet the needs
of elderly Holocaust survivors," helping them "deal directly with the Holocaust
experience."

The rabbis then paid grant money to the Council of Jewish Organizations of
Borough Park in a deal in which the council kicked back the cash to businesses
controlled by Bronner and Stein. Several COJO officials were convicted of fraud
in the late 1990s.

The pair also paid for nonexistent goods and services from companies that also
kicked the money back to the rabbis.

Funds were also paid to several of Stein's relatives for nonexistent training;
that money was then funneled into a Stein-controlled synagogue.

Dozens of letters of support detailing the rabbis' charity work in Borough Park
were submitted to the court, and a crowd of Hasidim turned out to voice their
support.

"I did a very stupid thing," Bronner said in court. "I literally ruined Project
Social Care. I regret this more than anything else.

"I guess you might say that good you have done has been undermined," Dearie told
the rabbis before sentencing them.

The pair, who paid $162,500 in restitution, will surrender on Oct. 15, after the
Jewish holidays.


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KICKBACK SCHEME: Rabbi Efroim Stein (left), with an unidentified
companion, was sentenced yesterday by a judge who reluctantly OK'd the plea
deal.  Mary Altaffer

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              236 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 3, 1991, Thursday, City Edition

Election reform, now

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 852 words



Search for a single word to describe contemporary American government and the
one that leaps to mind is "corrupt." From Washington, where the defense of the
Keating Five is that everyone does favors for campaign contributors, to
Tallahassee, where in excess of $ 23-million was spent electing the new
Legislature, the cash box has replaced the ballot box as the symbol of American
democracy.

    It's not that venality and cynicism are new to American politics. It was
Mark Twain who called Congress a "distinctly native American criminal class" and
Ambrose Bierce, another child of the 19th century, who defined the word
delegation as "an article of merchandise that comes in sets." What's new is the
idea that we have to live with it. Ever since the Supreme Court ruled mandatory
spending limits to be unconstitutional, most candidates have been spending every
dollar they could raise with few scruples about where they get it or what is
expected in return.

    Secretary of State Jim Smith, Florida's chief elections officer, may have
found a way to mitigate the worst effects of that 1976 decision.  Among other
reforms he is recommending to the Legislature today, Smith proposes to restrict
the contributions candidates accept during years they are not on the ballot. He
suggests $ 15,000 per quarter for statewide office and $ 6,000 per quarter for
lesser offices.  For a gubernatorial candidate, this would mean starting the
election year with no more than $ 180,000 on hand a far cry from the $
3.9-million in Gov. Bob Martinez's bank account a year ago or the $ 2-million
boasted by Democratic challenger Bill Nelson. That both of them lost to Lawton
Chiles, who didn't even begin raising money until last April, is an example it
would profit legislators to remember.

    Though Smith's ingenious recommendation is not a direct limit on what
candidates can spend, there's a chance the courts might see it as a distinction
without a difference. It's a chance worth taking. At some point, even the U.S.
Supreme Court might want to reconsider its fateful ruling in the light of
experience since 1976.

    Smith also wants to put money back into Florida's matching fund law, which
meets the Supreme Court's exceptions for voluntary spending limits. With full
funding, candidates for governor would have been under strong pressure last year
to limit their campaigns to something over $ 2-million, less than even Chiles
spent. But the Legislature has refused so far to fund the law as Smith proposes.
If it could work for governor and Cabinet candidates in 1994, he says, it could
be extended to legislative campaigns as well, which may make legislators that
much more wary of it. They may also try to take the state's budget crisis as a
pretext to postpone funding. That would be a mistake; the $ 3-million a year
needed to build up the campaign fund is about the price of a cheap cup of coffee
to each Floridian, and if we haven't that much to spare for the sake of cleaner
government it's time to draw the curtains in Tallahassee.

    Smith has other proposals that deserve passage and one that doesn't. He says
corporate contributions, already illegal in federal campaigns, should be banned
in state races, too. He thinks contributions to political parties should be held
to the same limits binding on candidates, which he also says should be cut to $
1,000 (from $ 3,000) in statewide races and $ 500 (from $ 1,000) for other
offices. And he wants to stop candidates for legislative leadership positions
from raising slush funds to support their campaigns.  Smith is right on all
those counts.

    But he is also still trying to abolish Florida's runoff primary, primarily
on the grounds of poor turnout and the problems it creates for getting absentee
ballots out and back in time for the general election. Those problems don't
justify scrapping an effective safeguard against the nomination of extremist
candidates.  Smith suggests a blanket primary like Louisiana's, where voters are
free to select candidates from either party. Has he forgotten that Louisiana
voters came within 6 percentage points of nominating David Duke?

    As an alternative, Smith suggests returning the primaries to June, which
would solve the absentee ballot problem and remove the first primary from its
turnout-inhibiting juxtaposition with the Labor Day holiday and the opening of
school.

    The downside: longer and more expensive campaigns. If Smith's campaign
spending reforms were to be adopted, the date change could be safely made.
That's a big if.

    Campaign reform is never popular with legislators, who understandably have a
hard time admitting that the system to which they owe their jobs is
fundamentally corrupt. But if they don't see that, the public does, and so does
the new governor whose own election was a mandate for reform.

    Watch this space for the names of lawmakers who refuse to get the message.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Clay Bennett; Jim
Smith; George Bush uses a magnifying glass to read the title "My Vision for
America'

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              237 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 10, 2000 Saturday

CRIME PICKS

BYLINE: MARGARET CANNON

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; Pg. D21

LENGTH: 335 words


Grasshopper, by Barbara Vine, Viking, 406 pages, $32,

It is disappointing to report that the 10th novel by Barbara Vine (Ruth Rendell)
doesn't begin to match her best. After her boyfriend is electrocuted while they
are climbing electric pylons, Clodagh Brown is shipped off to live with a
distant relative in London's exclusive Maida Vale. She befriends Silver, a
wealthy young neighbour who shares his apartment with a psychotic ex-nanny and a
cat burglar, among others. They travel across London using the roofs as their
private roadway. Vine usually keeps her novels tight, but this just has too many
rooftops.
Mad Notions, by John Lawrence Reynolds, Key porter, 271 pages, $29.95,

I loved John Lawrence Reynolds's five crime novels set in Boston and featuring
cop-turned-investigator Joe McGuire; one of them won an Arthur Ellis Award from
the Crime Writers of Canada. The setting of this true-crime book is Dolly
Country - as in Dolly Parton - Tennessee. Brett Rae has been charged with the
murder of a local college professor, with whose sexy wife he'd been having an
affair. But there are many layers to Dolly Country, including a big-time
drug-dealer, a preacher who runs X-rated photos of his wife in an evangelical
newsletter, and a trail of murder and revenge. The breathtaking combination of
venality, carnality and stupidity does keep you reading.
The Run, by Stuart Woods, HarperCollins, 356 pages, $39.50,

Stuart Woods has a successful thriller formula: take a nice guy, put him in a
tough situation, add some real bad guys and a dollop of sex. We know the nice
guy is going to win, but Woods's talent is in keeping an edge. This time, the
nice guy is Will Lee, returning from Run Before the Wind and Grassroots. He's a
U.S. Senator from Georgia who finds himself running for president. Forces of
evil are ranged against him. Luckily, his wife Kate heads the CIA, so she can
keep him abreast of the bad guys. This isn't a great crime novel, but it's
perfect for the plane trip or cottage weekend.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             May 10, 2005, Tuesday

OUR MAN IN NEW YORK: TOWERING EGOS

BYLINE: DAVID USBORNE

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 281 words


I blame our public leaders and media for the examples they set. Brickbats fly
daily on the tabloid front pages. The ruckus du jour is the revelation that the
blue-print for the redevelopment of Ground Zero conceived by the Polish-born
architect Daniel 'Loony Tune' Libeskind must be entirely reworked because its
main feature, the proposed 1776-foot Freedom Tower, has been declared
insufficiently terrorist-proof by the police. The mighty structure will have to
be moved from its proposed placing and reinforced in unexplained ways. The
redevelopment of the area will be put back one year and only finished in 2010.

The name-calling was started by Rupert Murdoch's New York Post, which, more than
any other newspaper knows how to reflect the linguistic venality of its loyal
readers. If Libeskind is not Mr Loony Tune in its editorial pages then he is
simply referred to these days as Bozo. But leave it to the biggest of all New
York's big mouths to offer his own insults. Donald Trump let rip at Libeskind,
calling his plans a 'monstrosity of garbled nonsense'. Last week he began
campaigning for the building of replicas of the old Twin Towers but just a
little bit taller " just by one floor even " to symbolise victory over
terrorism.

'The design for the Freedom Tower is an egghead design, designed by an egghead,'
he spat last Thursday. Not to be outdone, a representative of Libeskind offered
his own response: 'I suppose Trump wants to add an extra floor to make room for
his name.' Ouch and double-ouch.

Take me back to Florida now, where the driving is easy and every day is nice.
But then again, maybe not. After all, where would be the fun in that?

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                              239 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              April 5, 2002 Friday

Andersen's alphabet of investigation

BYLINE: by Jeffrey Kanige

SECTION: DEAL SENSE

LENGTH: 561 words

HIGHLIGHT: The financial cops are chasing an even more dastardly gang: Andersen
accountants.


With all the grace a lumbering bureaucracy can muster, the federal government's
business police have swooped into action against the most treacherous group of
fiends this side of the Cosa Nostra. No, not Oscar nominees. The financial cops
are chasing an even more dastardly gang: Andersen accountants.

Hardly a day goes by without an announcement of a new investigation into
accounting practices by the SEC, FBI, FTC, FDA, FAA, FCC, FDIC or FGHIJKLMNO.
The goal, apparently, is to attack Andersen's bean-counting evildoers with the
full force of the entire alphabet.

The government gumshoes are looking into several areas of potential illegality,
wanton criminality and general venality. They started by securing a wide-ranging
warrant allowing a thorough search of Andersen's Dumpsters. And this massive
deployment of investigative resources has yielded solid results, uncovering
several unpaid parking tickets and at least nine overdue library books.
Regulators have also promised swift action against what they describe as a vast
conspiracy to commit littering.

But the probers hit paydirt when they burrowed into the trash piled behind
Andersen's Houston office. There, under literally tons of Enron stock
certificates, investigators found a smoking gun. At that point, they knew they
had to keep looking since smoking guns are not unusual in Texas. And that
diligence paid off when the intrepid Dumpster divers turned up clear evidence of
widespread tampering in Global Crossing's NCAA tournament pool.

Of course, discovering wrongdoing is only the first step in rooting out
corporate malfeasance, misfeasance and general mayhem. Prosecutors then have to
make the charges stick long enough to hold a press conference. In the Andersen
case, this hurdle has been cleared. Law enforcement authorities have moved on to
the next step: Working out the logistics of getting 28,000 Andersen employees
through a televised "perp walk."

Once that process has been completed -  it should last several weeks -  and
assuming the partnership doesn't jump bail, plea bargaining will begin in
earnest. Andersen's lawyers are expected to offer a guilty plea if the charge of
first-degree accounting tricks is reduced to third-degree card tricks.
Prosecutors, though, will likely hold out for negligent arithmetic in the second
degree -  a lesser offense that is nonetheless punishable by death in Saudi
Arabia, Singapore and Alabama.

Given the difficulty in reaching a settlement, the two sides are probably headed
for court. If so, the first order of business will be finding a venue in which
the defendants can receive a fair trial. The main concern is that the jury pool
be untainted by press coverage of the Andersen case. The good news is that legal
experts finally identified such a place. The bad news is that it was the Larsen
ice shelf.

Because the ice shelf melted before a jury of penguins could be empaneled, the
search was on for another venue in which the jury pool is either completely
illiterate or so self-absorbed that the facts of the Andersen case cannot
penetrate the local consciousness. Fortunately, there is a place with both
attributes, and its climate is slightly warmer than that of Antarctica. Thus,
the Andersen trial will take place in Hollywood. And it should start any day
now. As soon as the Oscar ceremony ends.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                              240 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 12, 2000 Friday 2D EDITION

A nervous wreck Mucky, hammy 'Battlefield Earth' is simply Travolting

BYLINE: By Steven Rosen, Denver Post Movie Critic,

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. F-03

LENGTH: 683 words


John Travolta's 'Battlefield Earth' is so thoroughly a  stinker that one wants
not to criticize it so much as just say a  short prayer and move on.

You don't watch it - you survive it.

This is what can happen when big stars run amok - they get  trapped in a muck of
their own making. 'Battlefield Earth' is a  noisy and relentlessly ugly-looking
film, with incoherent action,  chaotic direction, wincingly stiff dialogue and
amateurishly  overstated acting.

This is Travolta's dream project - and he is an especially  hammy star in it. It
is based on a novel by Scientology founder L.  Ron Hubbard, and Travolta served
as the producer. I haven't read  the novel, but the story appears to be about
the need for vigilant  freedom in a society corroded by greed, capitalism and
venality.  It seems very superficial.

Enslaved by aliens

Travolta plays Terl, the chief of earth security for the  Psychlos, an alien
race that has conquered the planet in the year  3000 and enslaved the relatively
few surviving humans. Their Human  Processing Center, where they live under a
huge glass dome because  they can't breathe air, is located among the ruins of
Denver.

The evil, devious Psychlos are so ugly Rodney Dangerfield  could do a whole
monologue on their looks. They range in height  from 7 to 10 feet, have bad
teeth, big heads, and astonishingly  bizarre hair. They are 'Coneheads' from
hell.

With his high forehead and long dreadlocks, Terl looks like a  Rastafarian
Kelsey Grammer. The hair also falls from little  buttons near his earlobes and
he wears a nose clamp from which  braided rope plummets like uninhibited nose
hair. Or maybe it is  hair.

Bad look, bad acting

This is obviously not the Travolta we know and love. But one  shouldn't make fun
of him for his costume and makeup alone -  'Planet of the Apes' and 'Dick Tracy'
showed that disguised actors  can give very effective performances.

Instead, one can ridicule Travolta for the  high-school-thespian level of his
performance. (Actually, many  high-school drama students would do better,
especially if they  have a good teacher to restrain their excesses.) He delivers
his  often-putrid lines with a stiff, strident theatricality that is
exceedingly false.

At least Forest Whitaker as Ker, Terl's grotesque and  grunting sidekick, offers
a bemused presence. One senses him  laughing heartily inside.

Terl's human nemesis is Jonnie Goodboy Tyler (Barry Pepper),  a primitive
'man-animal' who leaves his unconquered tribe for no  good reason and is quickly
captured by Psychlos. Imprisoned and  forced to mine gold, he organizes a
revolt.

The logistics of this revolt, which involve various foiled  escapes by Jonnie,
as well as quick trips by him and his hairy,  primitive human pals from Denver
to the ruins of Washington; Fort  Knox, Ky.; and Fort Hood, Texas, are
completely beyond me.

The movie makes no attempt to present even the appearance of  an orderly plot
with plausible details - and I gave up caring. It  just flays about in
ear-splitting sound and flashing light, as  well as Elia Cmiral's screechingly
ominous score, for about two  hours until some big things blow up and the good
guys win.

There are a few interesting things to look at - the interior  of an old Denver
library filled with decaying books with tattered  covers, an overgrown miniature
golf course with fantastical props  that Jonnie mistakes for aliens. But
virtually every decision made  by Travolta and his cast and crew is a painfully
wrong one.

Battlefield Earth

No stars

(Out of 4 stars)

Directed by: Roger Christian

Written by: Corey Mandell and JD Shapiro

Adapted from: The novel by L. Ron Hubbard

Photography by: Giles Nuttgens

Starring: John Travolta, Barry Pepper, Forest Whitaker, Kim  Coates, Richard
Tyson

Running time: 1 hour, 57 minutes

Rating: PG-13 for relentless action, sci-fi violence, adult  subject matter

Distributed by: Warner Bros. Pictures

Opens: Today at area theaters

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Warner Bros. /Pierre John Travolta and Barry Pepper in
'Battlefield Earth.'

TYPE: REVIEW

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 30, 1990, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

DREISER, A CUMBERSOME BUT POWERFUL WRITER

BYLINE: Reviewed By Kevin Ray

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 1440 words


THEODORE DREISER: An American Journey By Richard Lingeman 560 pages, Putnam's,
$39.95 WHAT IS MOST striking about the life of Theodore Dreiser is not the
public outrage at the publication of his first novel, ''Sister Carrie,'' in 1900
(we are, after all, quite accustomed to that). It is not the efforts the book's
publisher made to suppress it (venality and duplicity seldom surprise), nor his
wretched marriage or even more wretched affairs (of which there were many). The
astonishing fact is that he died in 1945.  It was not an over-long life, a span
of just 74 years from his birth in Terre Haute in 1871 to his death in Hollywood
in 1945. He was a slightly older contemporary of T.S. Eliot, James Joyce, Ezra
Pound and the full complement of American, British and continental High
Modernists. But Dreiser belongs not with the Modernists, or even quite with
Sinclair Lewis or John Dos Passos, but with writers of a generation earlier -
with William Dean Howells, Mark Twain, Frank Norris and Stephen Crane, writers
of what Richard Lingeman calls ''the genteel era,'' when the
newspaperman-cum-novelist was a commoner species than now.  As Lingeman recounts
in volume one of his biography, ''Theodore Dreiser: At the Gates of the City.
1871-1907'' (1986), Dreiser was a regular contributor to both the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat, then under the editorship of Joseph McCullagh, and the St. Louis
Republic. In a 1916 letter to H.L. Mencken, Dreiser explained: ''I went into
newspaper work . . . and from that time dates my real contact with life -
murders, arson, rape, sodomy, bribery, corruption, trickery and false witness in
every conceivable form. The cards were put down so fast before me for a while
that I was rather stunned. Finally, I got used to the game and rather liked
it.'' It was exactly this ''contact with life'' and Dreiser's candor in
describing it that invited the charges of immorality that dogged his work from
the start.  The example of ''Sister Carrie'' is telling. Published in 1900 by
Doubleday, Page & Co., the book was enthusiastically recommended for publication
by novelist Frank Norris, a reader for the firm. Once accepted, however, the
firm's confidence in the book wavered, and Frank Doubleday asked that the
contract be cancelled, citing his concern for the book's now-fabled immorality.
Ultimately, Doubleday, Page & Co. did bring out the book, but with such
negligible publicity that fewer than 500 copies were sold. The reviews, such as
they were, were mixed, ranging from horrified condemnations to rhapsodies on the
new-found genius of Dreiser.  ''Sister Carrie'' was, after all, the story of a
woman, as a contemporary review in the Louisville Times noted, ''who gets into
the glamour and the excitement of a great city. She is caught up in its dizzy
whirl. She is exposed to temptation and she falls. What she does, what she says,
what she lives for, are all told with minute detail and vivid realism.'' More
importantly, Dreiser rejected the conventions of melodrama, and Carrie remained
unpunished for her life as a ''fallen woman.'' Lingeman is perhaps best when
describing the vacillations of Dreiser's career, which he does at length and
with Dreiser's own eye for detail. As this second volume of the biography opens,
Dreiser has rebounded from the initial failure of ''Sister Carrie'' and has
fought to have the book republished - which it was, in 1907, using a publicity
campaign that played Doubleday, Page & Co.'s attempted ''suppression'' to good
effect.  Dreiser is, in 1908, a prosperous editor of the flagship of Butterick's
magazines, The Delineator. Between 1908 and 1945 Dreiser would write no fewer
than 23 books, among them ''The Titan'' (1914), ''The Genius'' (1915) and his
best book, ''An American Tragedy'' (1925), but his reputation as well as his
fortunes would remain unstable.  The threat of censorship was, if not constant,
then persistent, playing a common, low and familiar note throughout his life.
The faults now most often attributed to his work - chief among them a bulky,
graceless, often cumbersome style - were made by critics early on, but were less
easily heard than the frequent charges of immorality. It is interesting to see,
in Lingeman's treatment here, that the faults are frequently twinned with
Dreiser's strengths, and that both are reflected in and expressive of the man
himself.  Dreiser's life, it must be said, was often a bulky, graceless, rather
cumbersome one.  Lingeman, executive editor of The Nation, is well-placed to
write of Dreiser, and the fullness of his research is impressive, if exhausting.
One regrets a few things here - that Lingeman exhibits an unfortunate talent for
captioning photographs, that despite the need of one, no chronology of Dreiser's
life is provided for the reader's reference - but these are minor. In all its
detail, and even more its length (together with the first volume, just a bit
over a thousand pages), ''Theodore Dreiser: An American Journey. 1908-1945''
brings Dreiser's life to a close in melodrama: ''His journey ended, ironically,
in Hollywood, a factory town of dreams, beneath the expensive soil of Forest
Lawn. He had frequently written of the lure of illusion and how it betrays the
seeker. But art and beauty and love were themselves illusions. Or were they? In
the end, he discovered, perhaps, that they were part of the greater Reality.''
Kevin Ray is Curator of Manuscripts at Washington University's Olin Library.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              242 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Guardian Weekly

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Guardian Weekly: Books: In the soup

BYLINE: Peter Conrad Observer

SECTION: Pg. 40

LENGTH: 1042 words


Andy Warhol and the Can That Sold the World by Gary Indiana

Basic Books 176pp pounds 12.99

Peter Conrad

Observer

Americans, who expect to live in paradise, are always asking why they have been
expelled from the happy garden. Lately the inquest has become urgent. David
Thomson's new book on Psycho surveys the country's current moral squalor and
blames its venality and violence on Hitchcock's sadistic film; now Gary Indiana
returns to the same problem of disillusionment and despair, bemoans his
image-crazed, commercially obsessed society, and fingers Andy Warhol as the
joking demon who was responsible for its corruption. For Indiana, Warhol is
consumer capitalism in person, the embodiment of a "corporate monoculture" that
equates high and low, art and kitsch, celebrity and nonentity. Hiring lookalikes
to represent him at parties and on lecture tours, he put an end to the illusion
of human individuality, and transformed himself into a contentless image, the
perfection of "boredom, apathy, emotional emptiness, partial autism, and
ugliness".

It is a heavy rap to lay on some brightly banal paintings of Campbell's soup
cans, and Indiana - whose little book contains no illustrations, since its real
concern is Warhol's persona not his art - has trouble making sense of the thesis
proclaimed in his title. Warhol's Soup Cans certainly sold. When the blotchy
canvases were exhibited in 1962, they didn't cost a lot more than the
mass-produced supermarket items they so reverently imitated; recently, one of
them was auctioned for $11m. Inflation as insane as that in the Weimar republic,
I agree, but does this mean that Warhol had sold the world on a vacuous idea, or
persuaded the world to sell its soul for a mess of industrialised pottage?

The abstract expressionist painters, who scoffed at Warhol's swishiness and
disparaged him as a department store window-dresser, extolled a rugged cowboy
individualism that turned their hurling of paint at canvas into a kind of
gestural politics. In the Eisenhower era, Jackson Pollock and Jasper Johns were
pressed into service as advertisements for American freedom; the Rockefellers
began hanging abstract art in branches of their Chase Manhattan Bank, as an
ideological riposte to socialist realism. Warhol bided his time, and spent the
1950s sketching shoe advertisements. Then, at the start of the next decade, he
unveiled his alternative to the "polemics and agonic practices" of the macho
AbEx brigade.

Pop art, as Indiana says, was "the negation of subjectivity", a style that
corresponded to the neutered emotional blankness of Warhol himself. Rather than
vistas of infinity - present in the earliest American landscape paintings of the
Hudson river and its gorges or the Grand Canyon, and still discernible in
Pollock's jungles of dribbled pigment - his work displayed the spectacle of
man-made glut, symbolised by those stockpiled cans. Warhol detested Campbell's
soup, having been force-fed it by his mother during his childhood in Pittsburgh,
so the images stimulated hunger but could not satisfy it; they took insolent
pride in "the absence of substance". Consumers in any case were expected to
remain ravenous, feeding their stomachs in order to make up for spiritual
famine.

At this point Indiana takes a risky intuitive leap from art to the
psychoanalysis of society. He calls Soup Cans "a window into the abyss", through
which we can see the hole in which we're all still living. The cans demonstrate
that image matters more than reality; this, he argues, is "symptomatic of an
affectlessness invariably found in sociopaths", and is also "the prevailing
character of American life today". It's a breathtakingly bold assertion, and
it's probably right. Indiana's evidence is the moronic or robotic role Warhol
played - a whispering ninny in a skewed silver wig. At the time this was a mad
affectation, but it has since become the norm: "In American society, having an
image was steadily becoming more rewarding than being a person. People have
problems, whereas images just have spectators . . . Neuroticism became a lively
asset rather than a liability." The malaise is no longer confined to America:
look at Gazza, Pete, Amy, Naomi and all the other damaged creatures who stagger
through our national life.

The so-called superstars in Warhol's gang of groupies were at least endearingly
zany and - since redundancy and rapid turnover were imperative at the Factory,
as in any industrial enterprise - obligingly self-destructive. Nowadays we can't
rely on celebrities to overdose or jump out of high windows. They have become an
economic necessity, a rare and precious proof of economic health. As Indiana
says: "Capitalism in its current, all-pervasive form exacerbates the pre-extant
desire for fame and money and ratifies egregious opportunism." Here you have an
explanation of the vile-bodied and empty-headed Katie Price, who appears to be
as indestructible as a plastic bag discarded in the gutter. Warhol was
over-generous when he allowed every human being 15 minutes of fame: he surely
never expected that his prophecy would come true! Luckily, his shorter-tempered
successor is Simon Cowell, who like an overworked executioner ensures that the
hordes of self-deluded wannabes will enjoy at most three minutes of exposure,
followed by humiliation and a merciful return to invisibility.

The zeitgeist occasionally arranges creepy coincidences. Thomson's recent study
of Psycho and Indiana's diatribe about the poisonous soup cans both home in on
the assassination of JFK in 1963. Thomson sees the event as part of the
nihilistic crime wave that began at the Bates motel, while Indiana, a little
more plausibly, notes that the president's death exemplified Warhol's theory of
democratised celebrity: "world's most important person killed by world's most
insignificant person". Murder - either the random slaughter of passersby or the
targeting of someone famous - rewards rancorous nobodies with immortality, or at
least infamy. I'm alarmed by the way both Thomson and Indiana brood about that
awful day in Dallas. Americans, who not so long ago believed they had found a
saviour, appear to be bracing for another shock. It would be bad magic to say
more. Anyway, you know what I mean.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                October 25, 1998

Arts: Books: Reviews: Hype springs eternal;
It's taken Tom Wolfe 10 years to produce a follow-up to Bonfire of the Vanities.
Was it worth the wait?

BYLINE: PETER CONRAD

SECTION: The Observer review Page; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1477 words


A Man in Full

by Tom Wolfe

Jonathan Cape pounds 20, pp742

The brash, skyscraping egos of America love to build monuments to themselves. In
his second novel, Tom Wolfe surveys the skyline of Atlanta, the country's latest
mushroom metropolis, and notes that those spires of ghostly, uninhabited glass
are sustained by nothing more than speculative puffery. Atlanta's developers are
'hypnomaniac' self-advertisers like Wolfe's Charles Croker, who fancies that he
has annexed the universe by means of a multi -national company grandiosely known
as Croker Global. A Man In Full, narrating Croker's financial disgrace and his
gratuitous redemption, promises to fill out the figure of the tycoon and his
parvenu society. But this over-hyped blockbuster ends as the inflated, flatulent
image of the vices it supposedly decries.

Between 1965 and 1976, in a series of books extending from The Kandy-Kolored
Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby to Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine, Wolfe
zappily reinvented the art of reportage. Then he made a fatal, hubristic error,
exchanging lowly journalism for fiction. His Bonfire of the Vanities should have
been a waspish essay on the fickle consumerism and institutional venality of the
Eighties; instead, predicting apocalypse in a Manhattan overrun by Reaganite
yuppies, it lunged towards grandeur and became tall like a jumped-up skyscraper
by walking on stilts. On that basis of that single, lucrative act of pretension,
Wolfe's American publishers now salute him as 'our most admired novelist', which
slights Updike, Pynchon, DeLillo, Vidal and a dozen others.

Emboldened by such fawning, Wolfe reappears after a decade's silence with A Man
In Full, which gluttonously strains to gobble up the contemporary world by
stuffing itself with journalistic controversies and disasters. Croker is
explicitly modelled on Robert Maxwell. A sub-plot features an insolent black
athlete, like Mike Tyson and O.J. Simpson joined at the groin, accused of raping
a white socialite. Atlanta quivers in fear of a race riot. Across the continent,
the San Francisco earthquake creakily facilitates another plot.

The title gives notice of Wolfe's ambition to take on the entire history of the
form; from Fielding's Tom Jones to Musil's Man Without Qualities, the novel's
bravest aim has been to tell the whole truth about individuals. Wolfe can weigh
Croker, who tips the scales at 235 pounds, and tabulate his assets in a numbing
numerical ledger: he owns 29,000 acres of Georgia forest, along with 59 nags, 22
mules and 40 gundogs. He can tell you the make of the ogre's executive jet (a
Gulfstream Five) or the air-conditioning he installs at his plantation (it's an
HVAC and the tab was $ 110,000, in case you're in the market). Incidentally, the
guest-house on the estate set him back $ 2.4 million, and the asphalt strip on
which his jet touches down accounted for another $ 3.6m. He also happens to owe
the bank half a billion greenbacks. Yet Wolfe's busy calculator never ensures
what Henry James called 'solidity of specification'. Croker, like his debts, is
a row of exponentiating, empty zeros.

He remains merely the inventory of his chattels, the sum total of the dockets,
labels and invoices attached to him. People for Wolfe are the cars they drive or
the clothes they wear. The cars, at least, are differentiated: Croker has a
Ferrari, a flash lawyer drives a Lexus, a white-trash prole a rattling Hyundai.
When it comes to costume, the characters are as interchangeable as their jeans.
The amateur philosopher Conrad Helsey is attired in 'faded jeans', which, 100
pages later, turn out to have a tear in the knee. A street punk on page 20 has
'baggy cut-off jeans, whose crotch hung down to his knees', while on page 205,
Wolfe gives hyperbole another outing: 'You see what those boys are wearing, the
baggy pants with the crotches they're practically stepping on?' Conrad's wife is
'a deity in blue jeans'. Denim causes him to wax rhapsodic: 'Her tight jeans
over her perfectly lithe loins!' (At least this alliterative riff is a relief
from 'loamy loins', already twice used by Wolfe.) After toiling through a
further 150 pages, he sees a Vietnamese woman as 'Mother Earth in black jeans'.
Is he being unfaithful to his wife or is Wolfe once again faithfully repeating
himself? At least the jeans are black, not blue. Ah, the sheer plenitude of mass
production, exemplified by Levi Strauss's production line and by this novel!
Croker announces his redemption at a press conference; because there is nothing
inside him, Wolfe cannot make his change of heart plausible unless you are
prepared to believe that this brawling, semi-literate jock would really have
reassessed his life after reading Epictetus. Wolfe, like the Wildean cynic who
knows the price of everything and the value of nothing, takes a resolutely
external view of the man. He even unfunnily translates Croker's accent,
footnoting his own whimsies and thereby killing any small delight we might have
taken in deciphering them. Whenever Croker splutters about 'gay rats', Wolfe
reminds his dozy customers that this means gay rights.

Heroism is conferred on Croker by the sort of rhetorical hype which turned the
sleazy traders of Bonfire into self-styled 'Masters of the Universe'. His trophy
wife, recycling the aerial bravura of the astronauts in Wolfe's The Right Stuff,
nicknames Croker 'the big stuff'. Epic, which Wolfe aims at, prescribes an
overdose of testosterone: Croker therefore treats his friends to a private view
of prize horses rutting. 'The stallion's penis,' Wolfe marvels, 'was a
tremendous black shaft.' Later the portentous organ becomes 'a huge, long, dark,
evil leather knout.' At the moment of coition, the earth moves and Wolfe's
punctuation goes berserk, with exclamation marks imitating the needle of a
seismograph: 'Sex! Lust! Desperate! Irresistible!' Then, keeping his finger
repetitiously pressed on the keyboard, Wolfe rhythmically transcribes the stud's
ministrations: 'rut rut rut rut rut rut rut rut rut rut rut rut'. He caps this
with a scene of orchestrated onanism in prison 'geysers of semen! Gallons of it!
Jook! Jook! Jook! Jook!' and some gay sodomy in the showers.

The style pays grovelling homage to meat and milk, the brawny, musky attributes
of bodily power. Remember those pendulous, cantilevered black crotches on pages
20, 200 and 205? Another character tenses his abdominal muscles 'until they
popped out like a six-pack. He was cut, ripped, as the bodybuilders put it'.
Wolfe's women do their best to compete with the armoured pecs of his blokes. A
lawyer, checking out his bimbo, ponders 'those breasts . . . those obscenely
enormous jugs' and returns to the matter in hand 400 pages later: 'Her hooters
bulged and bulged and bulged with lubricity.' For good measure, the woman's
'labia were red red!  with lust', just as a dozen chapters before, the mare's
vulva had 'opened up and then contracted, opened up and contracted, opened up
and contracted'.

Has there been writing as coarse as this as vulgar and violent, as otiosely
overdone, as flushed with ugly, crimson tumescence since the heyday of Mickey
Spillane, whose PI, Mike Hammer, indifferently brutalised men, women and the
English language? This is a book whose very typography can give you an earache.
Wolfe's style is the equivalent of a ghetto blaster, or of the '20-inch
speakers' which vomit heavy metal in one episode. Giving up the effort to use
words expressively, he relies on amps silently conjured up by tabloid capitals
and inky italics to hype his meaning. A telephone rings, and Wolfe mimics it:
'Trrrilll'. (He does this 12 times because, I suppose, the phone goes on
ringing.) Then a burglar alarm adds its voice: 'Brannnnng!' (Now multiply by
17.) A fight between convicts begins with the pummelled loser squealing
'Awwwhhhhhh!' Then he screams 'AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!' Finally he screeches
'ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh'. This time there are fewer consonants and no exclamation
mark, but the italics presumably vouch for an intenser agony.

During the earthquake, Wolfe audits the rumble of the tectonic plates, which say
'Thomp! Thomp! Thomp! Thomp!' while a siren vocalises 'woooo-woooo-woooo
-woooo'. Deluded by his own concrete poetry, he even ventures to rewrite
symphonic music as typographic noise. The opening bars of Strauss's Zarathustra,
which signal cosmic dawn in 2001 become 'BOOMboomBOOMboomDAH dahhhhh', while a
passage from Beethoven's Sixth Symphony is rendered without the aid of italic
decibels as 'Boom boom boom drizzle drizzle drizzle'.

Another American talent, alas, has been sabotaged by vanity and cupidity. No
wonder Jonathan Cape has A Man In Full under pre-publication embargo: it should
stay there.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              244 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 14, 1993, Thursday

While baseball suffers, owners play charades

BYLINE: Furman Bisherbaseball; personnel; conditions; trends

SECTION: SPORTS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 646 words


Baseball has been carrying on this romance with America since the first
baselines were laid out and Cap Anson was a callow lad. Poets composed sonnets
about it, artists drew landscapes of it, composers wrote songs glamorizing it,
philosophers looked upon it as being typical of life. It was the game that was
our soul's means of expression.

Presumably, all the venality was squeezed out of it when the Chicago Black Sox
were put away and Judge K.M. Landis was hired as commissioner and given imperial
authority. Since he died in office in 1945, there have been seven succeeding
commissioners. Four of the seven have been fired, Happy Chandler, Spike Eckert,
Bowie Kuhn and the latest, Fay Vincent.

By the time Vincent was canned, there was little left of the office but the
furniture and the title. Authority of the commissioner had been gradually
winnowed away until he was little more than an office manager. Where once he had
been untouchable, the "czar of baseball," as Landis was often addressed, now he
had become fire-able.

Vincent has told our Mike Fish that commissioners should not be vulnerable to
firing, and I agree. But it will never be again, which makes this search for
another commissioner largely a charade. So was the tenor of the owners meeting
just concluded in Dallas, where Jesse Jackson, one of the nation's leading
gadflies, was allowed a forum to make demands for blacks, to demand the head of
Marge Schott and other such vital measures.

Let Jesse Jackson be commissioner

Whatever became of his old prop, PUSH, which he used to coerce corporations?
Whatever became of "Baseball Network," which was rushed into shape after Al
Campanis and his late-night ambush? Whose hand was he playing in Dallas?

He suggested Bill White for commissioner. Bill White, a very intelligent man,
said he had no interest in the job. He has had one office in which he found he
had little to do, why take on another one? He became president of the National
League and found himself in a New York tower with one man and five women, about
as far from the touch and feel of baseball as if he had been running a nursery.
He thought it was a job with something to be president about. He hadn't realized
that he was only a symbol who had to sign all those official baseballs.

Commissioner might be just the job for Jesse Jackson. Pays well, nothing to do.
But remember, you can be fired.

Schott case out of proportion

The Marge Schott case has reached the point of ludicrousness. Let those who are
without sin among her throw the first stone. Fellow owners will probably fine
her, maybe even suspend her, or whatever penalty they may set for stupidity. But
if all those in sport who have called Italians, French, Spaniards, Japanese or
whatever by slang names would line up in a row, it would stretch from here to
forever. Old ball players used to call other Italian players "guinea," not in an
uncomplimentary way, but a designation I never understood. I never heard it
protested.

And the guys they called "Moose" and "Mule" and "Hoss" and "Shanty," because
they looked like one. "Schnozz" because the nose was large, or "Fatty" because
the body was. Poor devils, they had no pickets walking the line for them.

What we shall not see again is a commissioner like Landis, a league president
like Ban Johnson, or maybe even baseball without its antitrust exemption. An
Ohio senator is advocating that, not that it would make a great deal of
difference in the way baseball conducts its business. It is a business, but
unique to other businesses, one in which the employees are paid far more than
their bosses. One way it could save itself from much grief is to organize both
major leagues under one head, one office, one set of umpires observing the same
strike zone, one set of rules and one autonomous commissioner. Yeah, and Utopia
is just around the corner.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930230244

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              245 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             July 29, 2002, Monday

COOKING WITH PWC - HOW DOES AN AUDITOR MISS $25M IN FAKE SALES?

BYLINE: Christopher Byron

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 031

LENGTH: 1325 words


IT'S great that Congress has finally passed a bill that will force corporate
CEOs to stop ripping off their shareholders, so that the rest of us may once
again enjoy a stock market that goes up instead of down.

But what I want to know in the meantime is this: How will the "Public Company
Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002" help us locate one Y.
David Lepejian, 41, of San Jose, Calif. and the $25 million (give or take) that
he seems either to have lost or run off with?

Confused? Then you haven't been following developments in Wall Street's latest
saga of CEO venality, courtesy of Mr. Lepejian. Up until two weeks ago Lepejian
was the apparently-much-admired head of a small but fast-growing Silicon Valley
software company called HPL Technologies, Inc.

Now he's morphed into Lepejian On The Lam, skipping town with half the cash on
the company's balance sheet.

Depending upon how one wants to view things, he could easily be cast as a
chutzpah-drenched fraudster out to rip off his shareholders and employees with
equal abandon. Of course it is also possible, on the facts presently known, that
he didn't steal the money at all.

Maybe he was nothing more than a misguided martyr in a doomed struggle to prop
up his company's finances by fabricating some phony sales in the collapsing
markets of Silicon Valley and the world of high tech.

EITHER way, Lepejian's stunt has certainly been a show-stopper in accounting and
corporate governance circles, where folks seem rightly startled at the thought
that, in relative terms, so huge an amount of cash could somehow just turn up
missing and unaccounted for.

By way of perspective, the cash in question equals close to two-thirds of HPL's
entire annual revenues of $37 million for the fiscal year that ended in March -
which is rather like imagining Dick Parsons turn up for work at AOL Time Warner
one morning and start slapping his pockets, muttering, "Where did I put that $28
billion?"

The missing $25 million is also more-or-less equal to a third of all the money
raised by the company in a $69 million UBS Warburg-underwritten IPO barely a
year ago - a fact that has more implications we'll explore in a minute.

Meanwhile, it is doubtless tempting to view the whole matter as yet another new
low in swindling the shareholders in this era of corporate crime and
malfeasance.

Why bother with tricky off-balance-sheet rigamaroles to stash the loot quietly
in some Caribbean tax haven when you can just sell stock to the public in an IPO
and then run off with the proceeds!

But the real story here isn't Lepejian. It's the accounting firm of
PricewaterhouseCoopers, which has its fingers all over this debacle. Once again
a Big Five auditing firm has dropped the ball at a critical moment and wound up
costing shareholders.

Auditors from one accounting firm or another have been smack in the middle of
nearly every corporate crime scandal of the last year, from Arthur Andersen
(Worldcom, Enron, Global Crossing, Qwest), to KPMG (Imclone Systems), to
Deloitte Touche (Adelphia), and PricewaterhouseCoopers (Tyco International, and
now HPL).

ALTOGETHER, their audits (and, in the case of Enron, we may now call it a
crime), have cost investors close to a third of a trillion dollars in collapsed
market values and ruined portfolios.

Yet none of these screw-ups have seemed even half so wanton or inept as the
bungling in PricewaterhouseCoopers audit of tiny HPL Technologies. This wasn't
just a sloppy audit, this looks to have been sloppiness of truly heroic
proportions.

For one thing, it now appears, by the company's own admission, that Lepejian
didn't just show up at the office a week or so ago, snatch the first $25 million
he saw lying around, and head for the airport.

Rather, the money appears to have been draining away, in a steadily increasing
flow, for at least the last quarter, and maybe for the whole of the last year.
Yet no one seems to have noticed a single thing as to what was going on, as
Lepejian - according to his colleagues - began papering the 300-employee company
in a blizzard of faked software sales to a Japanese distributor of Canon, Inc.

Sales to the distributor accounted for close to 80 percent of HPL's business in
the last year.

FINALLY, last week, in the midst of what sounds rather like corporate-wide
pandemonium, HPL officials called a press conference to make one of the most
astonishing admissions imaginable.

Specifically, the officials declared - after what appears to have been some
frenzied investigation into the matter -that not only were 78 percent of the
company's revenues in the March quarter pure fiction, and not only were earlier
quarters now under suspicion as well, but that none of the $25 million that
appeared to be missing from the balance sheet may ever have been in the
company's possession in the first place.

Which of course put the dunce cap squarely on the crowd from
PricewaterhouseCoopers, for it meant that the cash line on the company's balance
sheet had been overstated by the same amount - namely $25 million - and no
auditor had caught it. Now there are some things that no reasonable person can
expect an auditor to do. You can't expect an auditor to go over every expense
account receipt of every executive in the company to see just how bad the
chiseling really is.

But when 80 percent of revenues are coming from sales to just one company (in
this case Canon, Inc.), you can certainly expect even the laziest auditor on the
job to check a few of the sales receipts to satisfy himself that everything is
on the up-and-up.

And one thing an auditor just absolutely, positively does not want to muff, no
matter what, is the cash line on the balance sheet - because checking it out is
so simple: You see how much cash the company says it has, then compare the
number with what the bank says the company has, and if the numbers square up,
you're good to go.

Unfortunately, that isn't what happened in the case of PricewaterhouseCoopers
and HPL. As of March 31, the company said its balance sheet cash stood at $60.1
million. But if the company's officials are correct, balance sheet cash in
real-life stood at only $37.5 million.

CATCHING the discrepancy would have been so easy. Didn't anyone check?

PricewaterhouseCoopers prefers to answer by saying, well, uh, actually it has no
comment.

Yet that's hardly the end of it because there is at least circumstantial
evidence to suggest that HPL's books could have been rigged and misstated all
the way back to the time of the IPO. After all, in what other way can one
explain the sudden and desperate need to begin fabricating post-IPO sales except
to show continuing growth from earlier faked sales?

This of course raises the obvious question of just how deeply any of the parties
to the travesty investigated what the public was being told in the IPO - which
may not have been very deeply at all. And with six separate law firms having
filed class action suits against the company in just the last week, it won't be
long before they'll be beavering into that question as well.

Meantime, we may all reflect on hapless little HPL for the larger lesson it
conveys: That in Washington they can pass all the corporate cleanup bills they
want, but in the end no amount of legislation will ever make a dull knife sharp,
or a stupid accountant smart - or prevent a man from running off with the money
if he's truly got larceny in his heart.

Sloppy PWC or thieving ex-CEO?

Examine the confusing $25-million mystery:

* HPL's ex-CEO hasn't been seen in two weeks.

* HPL said money had been draining away in a steadily increasing flow.

* 78 percent of the company's revenues in the March quarter pure fiction.

* None of the $25 million may ever have been in HPL's possession in the first
place.


LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SAMUEL DIPIAZZA, PricewaterhouseCoopers CEO.  Bloomberg; N.Y.Post:
Brigitte Stelzer

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              246 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 15, 2011 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Honest cops in a world of corruption 3 books on

BYLINE: Patrick Anderson

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 814 words


Sebastian Rotella is an award-winning investigative reporter who, for more than
a quarter-century, has covered politics, crime and corruption throughout Latin
America. In 1998 he published a highly praised book of nonfiction called
"Twilight on the Line: Underworlds and Politics at the U.S.-Mexico Border." Now,
he has turned to fiction to dramatize the violence and venality of the border
and the drug trade, even as he honors the honest cops in both countries who
resist the power of the cartels.

"Triple Crossing" starts in San Diego, where we meet Valentine Pescatore, a
young Border Patrol agent who's both bighearted and hot-tempered. We see the
former quality when he slips money to illegal immigrants he's just arrested. We
see the temper when he chases a smuggler he dislikes back across the border into
Tijuana, a violation that could get him fired or even jailed. Through
Valentine's skeptical eyes, we watch what he calls the border's "nightly battle
theater of the absurd." He particularly loathes his boss, who beats up on
illegal immigrants even as he takes bribes from smugglers.

After Valentine's wild-man raid into Tijuana, he is summoned by a higher-up
Border Patrol official, a sexy Cuban American named Isabel Puente, who instead
of firing him, recruits him to spy on his crooked boss. On the other side of the
border, we meet Leo Mendez, a former journalist who now leads an elite
government anti-corruption unit. This trio joins forces to bring down an uncle
and nephew who lead one of Mexico's most powerful drug cartels. The uncle,
called The Senator, is a powerful politician. The nephew, called Junior, is a
decadent young drug lord who controls a small army of Tijuana narco-thugs who
indifferently kill journalists, police, politicians or anyone else their boss
wants eliminated. The Death Patrol, they call themselves.

Valentine infiltrates Junior's army by winning the trust of his top enforcer.
We're given a chilling picture of young assassins who may kill one day and spend
the rest of the week getting high and watching TV. Events carry the novel's main
characters from Mexico to the Triple Border, a lawless zone where Argentina,
Paraguay and Brazil meet. Crime has become globalized, Rotella is warning, and
crime lords from all over the world gather to target America with their
smuggling of drugs, guns and humans, as well as money-laundering, Internet
scams, assassinations and innumerable other crimes.

In this hotbed of criminality, the two honest cops, Isabel and Mendez, aided by
a few honest local officials, set out to arrest Junior. Or will Junior's
soldiers find and kill them? Further complicating matters, it's unclear whether
Valentine, still part of the drug lord's entourage, remains an undercover agent
or has gone over to the dark side.

Rotella knows how the police work, how the criminals operate and how bribes and
violence subvert the law. He employs a journalist's sharp eye and a novelist's
deft touch to give us a rich portrait of the sights, smells, sounds, beauties
and dangers of life south of the border. In one of the novel's most terrifying
scenes, the truth-seeking Isabel and Mendez risk their lives to venture into the
hell of a Mexican prison, where the inmates have all the women, drugs and
weapons they can pay for. In this novel, idealists are sometimes gunned down in
cold blood. The crusading officials are the book's heroes, but the ruthlessness
of the cartels makes anarchy seem an ever-present threat.

I had a few, relatively minor reservations about the novel. One love affair that
becomes important to the plot struck me as improbable, although I will grant
that logic does not always guide these matters. Beyond that, Rotella overworks
some words and phrases, as his editor should have noted. We're told far too
often that the loathsome Junior is fat, flabby, jowly, sloppy and big-bellied,
and that he uses disgusting cologne and spits all the time. And then there are
the ears. Throughout the novel, the cartel's thugs repeatedly threaten to cut
off someone's ears and make him eat them. Then, near the end - heaven help us -
one of them sets out to do just that.

For the most part, however, this is an honest and engrossing journey into a
world of violence and corruption that is a threat to our own well-being. Recent
news reports that our government plans to expand its already huge financial
support for Mexican anti-cartel efforts is an indication of the dangers we face.
Reading "Triple Crossing," I was reminded of movies - "Scarface," "Blow,"
"Traffic" - that take a panoramic look at the drug trade. As it happens, John
Malkovich'sproduction company has bought the rights to the novel and plans to
turn it into a miniseries. It could be a good one.

bookworld@washpost.com

Anderson regularly reviews thrillers and mysteries for The Post.

TRIPLE CROSSING

By Sebastian Rotella

Mulholland. 397 pp. $24.99

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 9, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Nation: Who Knew?;
It's Not Just the Media. These Days, Everybody's Biased.

BYLINE:  By GEOFFREY NUNBERG

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 918 words


PRESIDENT BUSH asserts that a media "filter" is keeping out the good news from
Iraq; conservatives denounce the liberal bias of the CBS mini-series on Ronald
Reagan; a Columbus, Ohio, sportswriter blames "East Coast media bias" for an
Associated Press college football poll that ranked the Hokies of Virginia Tech
over the Ohio State Buckeyes. Today people pronounce "media bias" as if it were
a single word.

In the press, mentions of media bias have quadrupled since Mr. Bush's father was
president, with more than 95 percent of them claiming a liberal or leftist tilt.

True, controversies about media bias seem to erupt every quarter century or so.
But the current debates are different from earlier ones, and not just because
they talk about "the media" rather than "the press." "Bias," too, has changed
its meaning over the past 50 years.

Until the 1950's, bias was more or less a synonym for partiality or
partisanship, which was generally opposed to accuracy and objectivity. It
usually implied a deliberate effort to distort events.

That was what Harold L. Ickes, Franklin Roosevelt's interior secretary, had in
mind in 1939 when he attacked the press for being biased against New Deal
programs, blaming the venality of publishers in thrall to advertisers for their
alleged partiality. And isolationist senators were using bias in the same way a
few years later, when they launched an investigation into the "interventionist
bias" of Hollywood movies like "Mission to Moscow," Michael Curtiz's paean to
America's wartime ally.

In the postwar years, people began to use bias less in reference to deliberate
distortion than to unconscious predilections that could color perception. The
new sense of the word owed a lot to the popularization of psychological notions
of "group perception" and "groupthink." In a famous 1954 experiment, the
psychologists Albert H. Hastorf and Hadley Cantrill found that Dartmouth and
Princeton fans had different perceptions about who had initiated the rough play
at a controversial 1951 football game, even after they were shown films of the
game.

The civil rights movement firmly established the notion of bias as unconscious
prejudice, to the point where the protestation "I'm not biased" came to sound
suspect. That was when people took to using it to refer to actions as well as
attitudes -- before then, a phrase like "housing bias" would have made no sense.

By the late 1960's, press critics were adopting that sense of the word. A 1969
editorial in The Wall Street Journal discounted Vice President Spiro T. Agnew's
contention that a clique of newspaper owners and broadcasters was out to
discredit the Nixon administration. The real problem, it said, was the
"unconscious slant" introduced by the "prevailing liberal tendencies of the
national media."

That's a theme conservatives have emphasized since the 1980's. Complaints about
bias today are far more likely to be accompanied by calls for diversity of
opinion than by appeals for objectivity (a word that Fox News had no use for
when it coined its "fair and balanced" slogan). Modern conservatives talk about
objectivity not as an ideal to strive for but as a dangerous delusion.

"Being a journalist is not like being a surveillance camera at an A.T.M.,
faithfully recording every scene for future playback," L. Brent Bozell of the
conservative Media Research Center has written. "Journalists make subjective
decisions every minute of their professional lives."

The modern view of the word bias shifted the focus of criticism from those who
own and run news businesses to journalists. If reporting is inescapably colored
by subjective preferences, then you can gauge the bias of the media just by
tabulating journalists' party affiliation. "Media bias" became a phrase like
"racial bias," blurring the distinction between thoughts and deeds.

That picture of bias has enabled media critics to argue that the interests of
balance are better served by openly partisan commentary than by traditional
"objective" reporting. As Thomas Sowell, a fellow at the Hoover Institution,
puts it: "Anyone listening to Rush Limbaugh knows that what he is saying is his
own opinion. But people who listen to the news on ABC, CBS or NBC may imagine
that they are getting the facts, not just those facts which fit the ideology of
the media."

In fact, ABC or CBS is far more likely to be described as biased than Mr.
Limbaugh -- or for that matter, the very liberal Michael Moore. That would have
puzzled Harold Ickes, who reserved his most caustic attacks on 1930's press bias
for partisan columnists. But today bias is applied only to those who won't own
up to having an ax to grind.

Conservatives may have made adroit use of the new sense of the word, but it was
basically a liberal creation, like the celebration of diversity that accompanies
it. The idea that bias can work on us unconsciously is lodged in the American
psyche by now, but it is easy to exploit in a selectively self-serving way.

If objectivity is an illusion, we are free to disbelieve any report we find
inconvenient or uncongenial on the grounds that it is colored by a hidden agenda
(an expression that entered the vocabulary about the time "media bias" began its
recent tear).

Partisan polarization always leads to the creation of parallel universes. Saddam
Hussein was involved in Sept. 11; President Bush and Dick Cheney engineered the
war to secure Iraq's oil. The Princeton players were a bunch of hooligans; the
Dartmouth players were roughneck louts.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by M K Mabry)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              248 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rich as the Devil, But No Gordon Gekko

BYLINE: By GINIA BELLAFANTE

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; BIG CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 852 words


The television series ''666 Park Avenue,'' whose title invites little thematic
speculation, arrives next week on ABC and will be, to the best of my knowledge,
the second time an architecturally significant apartment building in Manhattan
has been deployed as a fictional vessel for Satanism. The reason would seem
fairly clear; you just can't situate allegories of demonic venality or depraved
ambition as persuasively in places like Philadelphia, White Plains or San Diego.
Had New York City as we now know it existed in 1600, civilization would have
been forever left to reckon with the Macbeths of East 78th Street.

Roman Polanski famously filmed the Dakota as the setting for ''Rosemary's
Baby,'' the story of an actor who trades his wife's uterus and sanity for the
promise of his own career ascension. Oh, for the time when aspiration in New
York meant How Far You'd Go to Advance in Theater. In the era of the '60s, when
the film was made, the devil worshipers arrived in the form of the young
couple's aging eccentric neighbors. On ''666 Park Avenue,'' the Ansonia on
Broadway stands in for a residence on the East Side, and the Satanists aren't
oddballs; they're in real estate.

Gavin and Olivia Doran, the building's owners, live in a world of galas,
minions, Chanel and patois that carries with it a Romneyesque disdain for the
unheralded.

''What can I say? It's New York,'' they'll tell you. ''Not everyone gets to make
it.''

The show stands as the latest in a series of pop cultural products created in
the years of the downturn to render the world of moneyed New York in all of its
aesthetically tantalizing moral vacuity -- big, art-filled apartments,
avaricious judgments. But it is arguably indicative of how temperate the
ostensible class wars have actually been that few of these efforts have gained
any real traction or approached the status of cultural obligation.

The '80s weren't even over by the time we were handed iconic portrayals of the
city during the leveraged buyout years: Tom Wolfe's ''Bonfire of the Vanities'';
Mike Nichols's ''Working Girl,'' the story of a Staten Island secretary whose
intuitive business sense allows her to vanquish her slimy, patrician
investment-banker boss. Oliver Stone's ''Wall Street'' was released in 1987 and
immediately created, in the name of Gordon Gekko, a synonym for the grossly
immodest habits of the '80s. The 2010 sequel, ''Wall Street: Money Never
Sleeps,'' which deposited Gekko in the world of 2008 only to have him shaking
his head at the deceits committed in the name of credit default swaps, failed to
meet commercial expectations (and delivered not a single phrase to the
vernacular).

More recently, we've had ''Arbitrage,'' the new film starring Richard Gere as an
investor known as ''the Oracle of Gracie Square,'' a man so cosseted he is
forced to ask, ''What's an Applebee's?'' His private behavior hardly compensates
for his professional betrayals. Battling in two theaters of operation, the film
has him working to conceal his suspicious bookkeeping as he tries to obscure his
complicity in the death of his mistress. Well reviewed and indisputably timely,
the film might have attracted a large audience, or at least what passes for one
today. Instead, its box-office earnings have been meager; when I went to see it
one evening last week, there were approximately a half-dozen people in the
audience.

Other movies, television shows and books similar in subject and perspective have
gone to dust or have been contained at the margins. ''Dirty Sexy Money,'' a
campy ABC satire about a rich Manhattan family and the compromised lawyer
entrusted to protect it, managed only a short life. ''The Darlings,'' a former
Goldman Sachs analyst's novel of hedge fund Ponzi scheming, published this year,
seemed merely to come and go. ''Damages,'' the truly addictive legal drama that
spun plots out of the Bernard Madoff tale of greed, reprobate chief executives
and the evils of insider trading, ended its five-season run on DirecTV two weeks
ago with very little fanfare or discussion.

''Stop Beating Up the Rich,'' reads the title of an article in the current issue
of Fortune magazine. But one is compelled to ask: Is anyone throwing punches?
The recent one-year anniversary of Occupy Wall Street served only to remind us
how little has really changed.

This summer, a survey from GlobeScan, a research company that works for
corporations and nonprofit organizations, revealed that 58 percent of Americans
agreed with the statement ''The rich deserved their wealth.'' By comparison, the
international study revealed that just 45 percent of Britons and 31 percent of
the French felt that way.

And economic disparity, especially in New York, is hardly diminishing. Last
week, census numbers showed that the median income for the lowest fifth of New
Yorkers was $8,844, down $463 from 2010. For the highest, it was $223,285, up
$1,919. The wealthiest fifth of Manhattanites made more than 40 times as much as
what the lowest fifth reported, a gap that widened over the previous year. Isn't
the devil in the differentials?

E-mail: bigcity@nytimes.com

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/23/nyregion/rich-as-the-devil.html

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: FACES OF GREED: At left, Michael Douglas's Gordon Gekko became
a symbol of the immodest habits of the '80s in ''Wall Street.'' The Ansonia,
center, stands in for an East Side building that is the setting for ABC's ''666
Park Avenue.'' And Richard Gere, with Susan Sarandon, plays a cosseted financier
with questionable mores in ''Arbitrage,'' a film that has not done well at the
box office. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY 20TH CENTURY FOX/PHOTOFEST
TINA FINEBERG FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
 MYLES ARONOWITZ/ROADSIDE ATTRACTIONS) (MB5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              249 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 22, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Rich and Faithful In Africa. Discuss.

BYLINE: By CHARLES ISHERWOOD

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; THEATER REVIEW; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 959 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, May 19


It says much about ''The Unmentionables,'' a new play by Bruce Norris at the
Yale Repertory Theater, that the most likable character in it, an easygoing
African doctor, admits he occasionally feels a temptation to plant a tomahawk in
the middle of somebody's forehead. Given the company he's surrounded by in this
acidic satire of bourgeois venality and hypocrisy, you are tempted to sympathize
with this confession.

''The Unmentionables'' is similar in style and spirit to Mr. Norris's ''Pain and
the Itch,'' which was seen in the fall at Playwrights Horizons in a production
also directed by Anna D. Shapiro. In that savage comedy about, well, bourgeois
hypocrisy, the bleeding hearts of do-gooding liberals in urban America were
dissected with a scalpel-sharp wit that was easier to admire than truly enjoy.
Here Mr. Norris plants his victims -- I mean characters -- in an unnamed country
in western Africa, the better to expose the limits of their humanity when they
are confronted with extremes of corruption, poverty and suffering most of us
only read about in newspapers.

Actually there's nary a standard-issue liberal in sight this time. The bleeding
hearts belong to a pair of young Christian missionaries from America, Dave
(Brian Hutchison) and his fiancee, Jane (Kelly Hutchinson), who run a small
school for impoverished locals. A mysterious fire in the school, where they also
live, has forced them to take temporary refuge at the spacious villa owned by a
rich American businessman, Don (Paul Vincent O'Connor), and his wife, Nancy
(Lisa Emery).

Dave bridles at the idea of taking charity from a man whose exploitation of the
local resources -- human and natural -- he finds repulsive. But Jane is
suffering from an attack of fibromyalgia. The ministrations of Don's staff
doctor (Kenn E. Head) might help, although the doc dismisses her complaint as
the neurotic imaginings of an overpampered Westerner and the vague, constantly
nattering Nancy can't seem to locate a bottle of Tylenol.

While Nancy dithers and Jane complains, Dave is gently interrogating Etienne
(Jon Hill), the truculent teenage boy who is suspected of setting the fire. A
couple of Don's guards-for-hire have brought him to the villa, a breach of
proper procedure that annoys Aunty Mimi (Ora Jones), a peremptorily businesslike
African woman who runs the corrupt local government and has a cordial and
mutually beneficial relationship with Don.

Like ''The Pain and the Itch,'' ''The Unmentionables'' is structured as a chatty
comedy that gradually darkens as a disturbing mystery disrupts the friendly
arguments over subjects as trivial as the sex habits of believers and as serious
as the toxic corruption of postcolonial Africa. When Aunty Mimi and her cronies
realize that Jane is a former television star (somewhat implausibly), the paved
road Dave had sought for the school suddenly becomes a done deal. Disgusted at
the corruption -- and Jane's shrugging acceptance of it -- Dave heads out into
the night and promptly disappears.

Foul play is suspected, and the Americans are eventually confronted with a
painful choice: to condone the torture of a suspect to gain information that
might save Dave's life, or to stay true to their professed humane values and
risk his death. Presumably inspired by the controversy surrounding the Bush
administration's tactics in the fight against global terrorism, ''The
Unmentionables'' poses, in allegory, uncomfortable questions about Americans'
tolerance for brutality when the ethical issue becomes intensely personal, not
theoretical.

But if Mr. Norris's desire to confront audiences with that kind of prickly moral
mind-teaser is admirable, you can't help wishing he weren't so adamantly opposed
to providing a spoonful of sugar along with the medicine. ''The Unmentionables''
also shares with ''The Pain and the Itch'' a shrill, relentlessly harsh quality
that wears mightily on the nerves.

Although Ms. Shapiro's cast is excellent (Ms. Jones's briskly contemptuous Aunty
Mimi is a standout), the characters are all either venal, vulgar, cynical or
hypocritical, and most are irritating too. Dave's morals are unimpeachable, but
he is such a pedantic, self-righteous prig that his disappearance comes as a
relief. Jane is almost equally unpleasant in her whiny idealism, and although
Nancy's vacuousness is mildly amusing (Ms. Emery is, as always, wonderful), it
is rather more annoying.

As Mr. Norris piles on the complications in the second act, the sheer weight of
the collective unpleasantness becomes poisonous. (Was it really necessary to
deride the greedy industrialist further by having him also be impotent and a
thief of women's panties?) Mr. Norris once again displays a lively facility for
fluid comic dialogue and sharply drawn (if two-dimensional) characters. But he
hasn't yet learned that for a comedy to succeed, even the bad guys need to be
good company.  The Unmentionables  By Bruce Norris; directed by Anna D. Shapiro;
sets by Todd Rosenthal; costumes by James Schuette; lighting by Ann G.
Wrightson; sound by Amy Altadonna; dramaturgy by Michael Walkup and Krista
Williams; vocal adviser, Walton Wilson; fight consultant, Joe Dempsey; French
and Bamanankan translation, Amadou Fofana; stage manager, Ryan C. Durham.
Presented by the Yale Repertory Theater, James Bundy, artistic director;
Victoria Nolan, managing director. At the Yale Repertory Theater, 1120 Chapel
Street, at York Street, New Haven; (203) 432-1234. Through Saturday. Running
time: 2 hours.   WITH: Lisa Emery (Nancy), Sam Gordon (Soldier 2), Kenn E. Head
(the Doctor), Jon Hill (Etienne), Kelly Hutchinson (Jane), Brian Hutchison
(Dave), Chike Johnson (Soldier 1), Ora Jones (Aunty Mimi) and Paul Vincent
O'Connor (Don).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kenn E. Head as the Doctor, who treats an American woman in an
unnamed African country in Bruce Norris's ''Unmentionables.'' (Photo by Joan
Marcus)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              250 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            August 9, 2005, Tuesday

LEADING ARTICLE: THE UN SHOULD BE REFORMED " NOT PUNISHED;
 OIL-FOR-FOOD REPORT

SECTION: First Edition; LEADER; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 618 words


As expected, the latest report into the Iraqi oil-for-food programme by Paul
Volcker makes uncomfortable reading for the United Nations and its leadership.
Benon Sevan, the former head of the programme, is accused by the internal UN
report of receiving cash in return for allocating Iraq oil contracts in the mid-
1990s. Tellingly, Mr Sevan did not hang around at the UN's New York headquarters
for the report's publication, choosing instead to decamp to his native Cyprus.

It is now beyond doubt that " however noble the intentions behind the
oil-for-food programme when it was established in 1996 " it resulted in
corruption. And the affair has taken a toll on the UN's reputation. Even the
secretary general, Kofi Annan, has been implicated " although the Volcker report
has exonerated him of all direct charges of venality.

The oil-for-food affair demonstrates that there is too little democratic
oversight of the functioning of the UN. This absence of accountability was also
demonstrated recently by the suppression of a report looking into allegations of
sexual harassment against the former High Commission for Refugees chief, Ruud
Lubbers. All this advances the case for reform of the UN when it meets for its
world summit next month.

Yet it is important to bear in mind the context of this scandal and the recent
excoriation of the UN by its critics. The oil-for-food programme was
administered by the UN Security Council's sanctions committee. The Bush
administration has been energetic in making the charge of corruption against the
UN. But the US was a member of the sanctions committee and " according to a
report published by Democrat minority members of the Senate investigations
committee " turned a blind eye to the former Iraqi regime's trade in oil.
Several US firms have been implicated in the illicit trade.

And what replaced the oil-for-food programme in Iraq has not been an obvious
improvement. The so-called Development Fund for Iraq " established by the US
interim government after the invasion " has been criticised by auditors for
keeping inadequate records and for awarding oil contracts without competitive
bidding.

But perhaps the most important piece of context to bear in mind when considering
the oil-for-food scandal, is the opposition the UN displayed to the US-led
invasion of Iraq in 2003. This has sparked a campaign of vilification from the
Bush administration. The pressure being brought to bear over oil-for-food must
be seen as part of this attempt to discredit the UN for its stance over Iraq.
President Bush's provocative choice of John Bolton " a man who believes that
'the UN is valuable only when it directly serves the United States' " as UN
ambassador must also be seen as part of this campaign. Pushing Mr Bolton's
appointment through last week, even in the face of the opposition of the US
Congress, is further evidence of the President's continuing animosity towards
the organisation.

The oil-for-food case shows the UN must set its house in order. It also urgently
needs to become a more efficient platform for multilateral action. The Security
Council should be restructured to represent new centres of global power, rather
than merely the post-Second World War order that existed when the UN was created
in 1945. The discredited Commission on Human Rights, which in the past has
ludicrously included serial human rights abusers such as Libya and Sudan, should
also be scrapped. But the extent " and the pace " of reform must be dictated by
the international interest and the principle of collective security, rather than
the United States' desire to punish the UN for its wholly vindicated stance over
the invasion of Iraq.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                              251 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 04, 1996, Monday, Final Edition

Portrait of the Liberal As a Middle-Aged Mom

Tonya Bolden

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 750 words


SUPPORTING THE SKY

By Patricia Browning Griffith

Putnam. 288 pp. $ 23.95

The narrator-protagonist of "Supporting the Sky," Patricia Browning Griffith's
fourth novel, is a white, middle-class, middle-aged, ambivalent Washingtonian
who wears a Martin Luther King Jr. sleep shirt, sympathizes with the oppressed
and dispossessed all over the world and bemoans the venality of the nation's
capital and the whole-shebang decline of America. Some might ridicule Rosemary
Kenny as a bleeding-heart liberal and infinite idealist. More rounded minds,
however, are apt to counter that she is far from being as cliched as all that.
One tip-off is her Bombeckian musing about contemporary life, love, mores, race,
the agonies of parenting and altered states.

In these early 1990s days, Rosemary is wistful about Mao Zedong's declaration
that women hold up half the sky: If only she did have somebody to shoulder half
her burden. Her personal sky is hardly a replica of the vast, glorious east
Texas firmament she knew and loved as a girl. Rather, it is crisscrossed with
calamities and close to crumbling. She's a divorcee insufficiently reconciled to
this fact, and she 9-to-5s for a PR firm headed by a CEO whose pets -- a tank of
piranhas whose lips have been removed to enhance their gruesome grins -- and
whose business principles are equally loathsome. There are also the perils with
which her mixed-age, mixed-race, mixed-lifestyle citizens patrol group must
contend in their efforts to shut down the drug-dealing Bluebird Bar & Grill so
they can once again have wonderful days and nights in their neighborhood.

Most maddening of all is Rosemary's daughter, Shelly, a sour 16-year-old with a
pierced nose, abominably hip clothes, two-tone hair and a mind of her own. Her
boyfriend, Dee, is an African American, almost-grown man of tragic, troubled
beginnings whose high ambition is to make his mark as a hit rapper with his
group, the Ladykillers. The first time Rosemary lays eyes on Dee, he is sporting
a red sweat suit and gold chains.

Does Rosemary prove to be only a surface-and-shadow liberal who shows her true
colors when Daughter brings a black guy home to dinner? Or does she do the right
thing -- that is, what any sane mother would do: caution her daughter that this
new beau could mean beaucoup bad news?

Part of Rosemary's problem, which is also her power, is her incessant
second-guessing of her instincts and her struggle to do the right thing without
hurting people's feelings. She hopes to avoid coming off as, as her daughter
says, a woman bedeviled by "whitey hangups." Rosemary's dilemmas and
equivocations, which come with the territory beneath her falling sky, make you
want to shake her sometimes, but also make you want to love and cheer for this
earnest woman -- especially after a serendipitous, stunning (literally)
encounter with a charming Czech augurs a gentling romance on the horizon.

Patricia Browning Griffith handles a number of plot lines well enough without
provoking incredulity in her readers. The major and minor characters are richly
drawn, from Rosemary's spirited mother, mayor of her Texas town, to Marcus, a
buppie and Rosemary's only source of joy at work, to Mrs. Nance, a neighbor who
swears that cats travel in fearsome packs when the moon is full. The dialogue is
not only realistic but so often revelatory, as when Rosemary's mother
contemplates saying yes to a marriage proposal: "I do get lonesome. And
sometimes I can't open jars." Although her prose is podgy in places, Griffith
displays a weird talent for melding simple, everyday words into absolute music:

"The ghost of Lincoln, we all know, resides in the White House, but there are
others, according to Mrs. Nance, such as . . . the ghost of Duke Ellington, who
haunts our very own neighborhood. According to Mrs. Nance, Avon salesperson,
oral historian, and charter member of our Neighborhood Watch group, often in the
night when the wind is from the south one can hear, wafted from the bridge named
for him, the mellow strains of an Ellington song such as 'Satin Doll.' "

And all the while that the author is making music, she is beckoning us to higher
ground. To the landscape of compassion, wisdom, truth, grace. To the things that
can make us stalwart and strong enough to help each other hold up our skies.

The reviewer's most recent book is "The Book of African-American Women: 150
Crusaders, Creators, and Uplifters." She lives in New York City.

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              252 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 6, 1994, Wednesday

Fixing Hartsfield

BYLINE: Cynthia Tucker

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 11

LENGTH: 614 words


It just may be that the Atlanta City Council learned some valuable lessons from
the corruption scandal that shook Hartsfield International Airport. The council
seems prepared to back Aviation General Manager Angela Gittens's new plan for
choosing the businesses - restaurants, newsstands, bars and the like - that
operate there.

It was the haphazard and overly politicized process of choosing and supervising
those businesses that created the miasma of venality that engulfed the airport
for so long. The airport scandal has so far claimed two businessmen, Bill Brooks
and Harold Echols, both of whom pleaded guilty, and one bureaucrat/politician,
former Aviation Commissioner Ira Jackson, who was convicted on 130 charges of
corruption. A second politician, former City Councilman Buddy Fowlkes, awaits
trial. The system that allowed that kind of corruption to flourish desperately
needs a fix.

Atlanta's current system for choosing airport vendors is the legacy of former
Mayor Maynard Jackson, who wanted to give a boost to historically disadvantaged
businesses, especially those owned by women and people of color.

As a new airport terminal was being built during his second term in office,
Jackson decided to insist that a portion of all construction work go to
disadvantaged businesses. He also insisted that some of the new businesses that
would operate inside the airport be owned by women and black and brown
entrepreneurs. It was a visionary plan with a worthy goal.

Unfortunately, Jackson's plan did not work as well in practice as on paper. The
city did not supervise the awarding of contracts as closely as it should have,
allowing unscrupulous businesses to get away with practices that flouted the
rules. For example, white companies, which were expected to form partnerships
with minority firms, sometimes evaded the requirement by pairing up with "sham"
firms, paper-only businesses with no funds and no expertise.

But the practices that did the most harm to Jackson's Minority Business
Enterprise program and to the airport itself were the time- honored traditions
of political favoritism and cronyism. There were a lot of business neophytes
among those who were awarded the right to run shops and boutiques at the
airport, people whose expertise rested largely in their knowledge of the circles
of political power.

Gittens has a plan that would eliminate those political hangers-on. She will
require experience of most of those who get new contracts for airport
businesses. For example, any minority entrepreneurs who are awarded contracts to
run food or beverage establishments must have several years experience managing
a similar establishment. Fewer years of experience will be required if the
entrepreneurs previously owned a similar establishment.

Gittens has also added a rule requiring any minority owner of an airport
business to spend at least 10 hours per week on the premises, which would help
discourage shadow or secret ownerships. Former Aviation Commissioner Jackson
turned out to be secretly affiliated with one or more airport businesses while
running the airport.

Before the council changes its policy to adopt Gittens's plan, its members want
to see how her new rules will work on the new Concourse E.

It won't be easy for City Council members to resist the entreaties of political
contributors and cronies who want dispensation to get airport businesses, even
if they are not qualified. But council members should stick by Gittens. Her plan
will not only restore public confidence in the airport, but it will also shore
the Minority Business Enterprise program.

Cynthia Tucker is editor of the Constitution's editorial pages.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940980152

GRAPHIC: Photo illustration: four hands reaching toward a flying jet / WILSON
LOWREY / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              253 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (T Magazine)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

The New Dealer

BYLINE: JONATHAN GRIFFIN

SECTION: T-MAGAZINE

LENGTH: 1890 words



HIGHLIGHT: David Kordansky might not be the biggest player in the L.A. gallery
scene, but his manic enthusiasm and seemingly genuine determination to draw
attention to underappreciated artists make him the most interesting by far.


 David Kordansky might not be the biggest player in the L.A. gallery scene, but
his manic enthusiasm and seemingly genuine determination to draw attention to
underappreciated artists make him the most interesting by far.

There is little in the world that David Kordansky enjoys more than talking about
art. According to the artists he represents and the collectors to whom he sells,
this is his gift. The artist Rashid Johnson, whom Kordansky has represented
since 2009, said he can count on the fingers of one hand the number of times he
and Kordansky have spoken about sales. There is no doubt that Kordansky, who is
37, can sell art like few other dealers, but he prefers to leave the closing of
the deal to his staff. The venality of the current art business dismays him.
Even in the 11 years since he opened his first gallery in L.A.'s Chinatown, the
market has become bloated beyond recognition, he said, especially in the auction
houses of New York and London. "I believe in art much more than I believe in the
art world," he told me last summer in the kitchen of his home in the Los Feliz
neighborhood of Los Angeles, where he lives with his wife, the artist Mindy
Shapero, and their two young children.

In person, Kordansky is almost compulsively candid, by turns hectoring and
vulnerable, outspoken and shy. "He wears his heart on his sleeve," is the phrase
I heard over and over again from the people who know him best. Candor can, of
course, also be a form of performance. Collectors who enjoy the company of
artists appreciate his eccentric, intimate manner, which make them feel like the
chosen few.

Beneath his gym-fit, boyish exterior and positive, Californian outlook, his
persistence and gritty ambition are evident still. He may disdain aspects of the
art market, but the success of his business is obviously a source of pride. "I
didn't come from money. I've bootstrapped every step of the way," he said.

Kordansky's latest gamble is on a 12,705-square-foot gallery - designed by
Kulapat Yantrasast, head of the architecture firm wHY - which recently opened in
a nondescript midcity neighborhood halfway between the L.A. art hubs of Highland
Avenue and Culver City, where his last two spaces were situated. With its
bow-truss ceilings and abundance of light, the former martial arts studio and
car dealership now exudes an ambience of cloistered calm. Comprised of two
equally sized galleries, a viewing room and on-site art storage, the space also
boasts a lounge for artists and their families, and private gardens for staff.
Kordansky has always aimed to create "a culture of ownership" among his
gallery's employees. In return, he receives a degree of loyalty rare in the
notoriously factious and gossipy gallery world.

Kordansky was born in Biloxi, Miss., to American Jewish parents; his father was
a doctor and his mother a family therapist. In the late '90s he was accepted at
the small but esteemed Hartford Art School. In 2000, he moved to the West Coast
to study in the graduate art program at the California Institute of the Arts
under conceptual artists including Michael Asher, Charles Gaines and Martin
Kersels. (Kordansky now represents the painter Thomas Lawson, the dean of the
art school.) After college, he continued to make installations, perform and
curate exhibitions of friends' work with his classmate, Jeff Kopp. From the
outset he approached running a gallery as a creative project, perhaps more like
an artist than a businessman, and soon became known as the primary dealer for
what has been called "the post-Mike Kelley generation."

Stories abound from those early days of Kordansky's limitless, sometimes
maniacal enthusiasm for his artists. The collector Mera Rubell remembers meeting
him in 2006. Kordansky was determined to show her and her husband, Don, the work
of a young artist he was representing, Aaron Curry, while Curry was on vacation.
Reached by phone in Hawaii, Curry gave them permission to break into his studio,
where Kordansky was soon pulling sculptures out of boxes and expounding on the
artist's ideas. The following morning - at 6 a.m., while shuttling the couple to
the airport - Kordansky took them to meet Thomas Houseago, another sculptor he
had recently begun to champion, who laid out his work in a studio borrowed for
the occasion. Rubell says she was "blown away." She and her husband later
invited the two artists and their dealer to visit their museum in Miami. The
trip was an inspiring and formative experience for the three men, who stayed up
late into the night, drinking and arguing about Picasso, classicism and
figuration in sculpture.

Kordansky's passionate nature has not always worked in his favor. His
professional relationship with Houseago buckled under the weight of its own
intensity in 2009, when the artist left David Kordansky Gallery - a loss Rubell
described as "a huge wake-up call" for the young dealer. Houseago finally
settled with the international powerhouse Hauser & Wirth in 2011. "There was
this abundance of youthful energy bouncing off each other that, in the end, was
bigger than both of us," Kordansky said ruefully. (Houseago agreed, but noted,
"I can confidently say my career would not be where it is now without him.")

The majority of his artists have stuck by Kordansky, however. His very first
exhibition in Chinatown included Matthew Brannon, Patrick Hill, Will Fowler,
Lesley Vance and William E. Jones, all of whom continue to show with the
gallery. Brannon told me that Kordansky's often blunt manner can be an asset,
despite artists' often fragile egos: "My therapist loves Dave. He says, 'You
always know where you stand with this guy; he treats you right, he's telling you
the problem.' "

Kordansky now represents over 30 artists and counting, hence the need for space.
He is still far from being the biggest fish in the L.A. pond - nor, perhaps,
would he want to be. He prefers to avoid competition with his neighbors, who
include Regen Projects near Highland Avenue, Blum & Poe in Culver City, Overduin
& Co. in Hollywood, Marc Foxx, also a stone's throw from the Los Angeles County
Museum of Art, and the power players Gagosian, Matthew Marks and Hauser Wirth &
Schimmel, the last of which will take over a former flour mill in Downtown in
2015. When asked which galleries he feels a kinship toward, he instead looks
across the Atlantic: to Johann König in Berlin, Standard (Oslo) in Norway or
Herald Street in London. The art world loves youth, and Kordansky currently
occupies the sweet spot between blue-chip establishment and cutting edge.

In contrast to his imposing new gallery space, Kordansky's home is modest,
perfectly scaled to a family of four and designed for living, not for
entertaining. Kordansky grows kale, Meyer lemons and Persian cucumbers in the
garden. He gave me the tour with the eagerness of a child showing off new toys.
Succulents exploded from earthy ceramic planters made by Robert Maxwell and
David Cressey on the deck outside the kitchen. In addition to pieces by artists
Kordansky represents - Valentin Carron, Larry Johnson, Elad Lassry - the
interior was furnished with Brazilian and Mexican Modernist pieces in rosewood
and leather, and ceramics were displayed beside rows of art books on
floor-to-ceiling shelves. A painted sculpture of a nude trapeze artist by the
Japanese Pop artist Keiichi Tanaami sat on a coffee table, and drawings of
outlandish figures by the Chicago Imagist Karl Wirsum hung on one wall.

Kordansky appreciates the Californian tendency to disregard hierarchies between
creative disciplines; his gallery represents artists such as Ruby Neri and the
Geneva-based Mai-Thu Perret, who both work in the tradition of John Mason, one
of the Californian artists who, in the late 1950s, first brought ceramics into
contemporary art galleries. (Mason, now 87, joined David Kordansky Gallery last
year.) About half of his roster is made up of Angelenos, and a Californian
sensibility infuses the program - not only in its emphasis on the region's
art-historical legacy, but also, more broadly, in its bias toward esoterica and
marginalia, domestic themes and profane materials.

Kordansky likes to talk about "curating one's life." Shouldn't we consider the
architecture, the objects we handle, the furniture we sit on and the artwork we
look at all as part of a unified aesthetic experience? He showed me a shelf of
tiny Doyle Lane vases, each glazed a different color and texture. He would
always rather stand in front of an object than look at a screen, and is
particularly skeptical about what has recently been labeled "post-Internet" art
- work made from Internet memes, online avatars, stock photos, patents and 3D
scans. "We don't even want to talk about the world any more," he said. "We're
disconnected from core emotionality."

In other places, talk of lifestyle is always related to an embarrassment about
class, but in L.A. it's an ongoing philosophical discussion. "The exterior of my
life kind of runs itself," Kordansky admitted over a lunch of grilled chicken
and kale salad. "Now it's about the interior, the spiritual. It's about getting
at the core of my existence - which is about my family." There is little
distinction in his mind between his professional and personal lives, or between
his tastes in art and his philosophy of being. "It's about having an open,
holistic view rather than a myopic view," he said. "Here culture is more
attached to nature." The greenery beyond the wide window, the home-grown salad
and the stoneware planters seemed to reinforce his point.

Two years ago, Kordansky undertook a pilgrimage to the D.C. studio of Sam
Gilliam, an 80-year-old African-American painter of the Washington Color School.
Gilliam never achieved the level of recognition that his peers from the 1960s
such as Kenneth Noland and Morris Louis did, despite his radically innovative,
unstretched, stained canvases, which he calls "Drape" paintings. Neglected for
much of the 1980s and '90s by an art establishment that didn't know what to make
of a black artist who refused to make work about race, Gilliam at his lowest
point was reduced to swapping drawings from his studio for washing detergent.
Kordansky had been a fan of Gilliam's work for years, and had shared his
enthusiasm with Rashid Johnson when they first met in 2009. (Johnson, who didn't
know many dealers - let alone young white dealers - who were interested in
Gilliam's work, was impressed, and agreed to join Kordansky's gallery himself.)
The pair asked Gilliam to do an exhibition in L.A., which Johnson would curate.
They feared they were overreaching, and when they put their proposal to Gilliam
in his studio, they thought he was laughing at them. In fact, they realized, he
was crying.

As Kordansky told me this story, I saw that he was also close to tears. Since
first working with Gilliam, he has placed his paintings in the collections of
the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Rose Art Museum
in Massachusetts. Without Gilliam, he said, the new gallery would probably not
have been possible. There is nothing Kordansky is prouder of than having been
able to bring him back into the spotlight. "The work has done for other people
what it did for us," he said. "There is no money in the world that can buy an
experience like that."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

EMBATTLED JUDGE BEGS FOR MERCY

BYLINE: By Nancie L. Katz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 145 words


AN EMBATTLED Brooklyn judge has asked New York's highest court not to suspend
him while he appeals a recommendation to boot him from the bench.

On Monday, the state Commission on Judicial Conduct called for the ouster of
Brooklyn Surrogate Judge Michael Feinberg, who routinely approved excessive fees
given to a lawyer pal.

In a letter to the Court of Appeals, Feinberg challenged the commission's
findings, which backed a Daily News probe that found he gave oversize estate
fees to his buddy Louis Rosenthal.

Rosenthal was the counsel to the public administrator who handles the assets of
Brooklyn residents who die without a will.

"There is not and never has been the slightest intimation that anything he has
been charged with involved corruption or venality," Feinberg's lawyer, Harvey
Greenberg, wrote the appeals court. "It is clear that [Feinberg] has mended his
ways."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              255 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Understanding natural evil

BYLINE: By Rabbi Marc Gellman

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; The God Squad; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 645 words


Recently, I've answered many questions from readers about God and evil. Many
people wanted to know how a good and powerful God could be reconciled with the
profound and proliferating instances of evil in the world. Now, the earthquake
in Japan has sent shudders through our planet, and our lives, putting a bloody
edge to such agonizing questions about God and goodness.

I've tried to help questioners understand that most of the evil we face is our
own fault. Free will is the most common cause of our moral blindness. Our
indifference to evil is usually the main reason for the spread of evil and
consequent suffering.

I've tried to explain that this freedom to choose good or evil is both a
blessing and a curse, whether God exists or not. Whether we're alone in the
universe or the beloved creations of a loving God, we can't escape our
responsibility to make the world a better place. We can't shift the burdens of
our moral lives to a God who'll magically protect us from our own venality and
brokenness. The work of goodness in the world is ours, not God's.

However, the earthquake in Japan reminds us of the terrifying truth that natural
evil -- evil not caused by our moral failures -- is still and always will be a
threat. This evil is on God.

Yes, we can say -- and I've said this myself -- that even natural evil is not
really evil because it's just the natural consequence of living on top of the
crust of a living planet. If the earth were a dead rock, it would not belch
fire, as it's now doing in Hawaii. If the earth were dead, its tectonic plates
would not shift, causing earthquakes and tsunamis, as just occurred in Japan. We
live with a dangerous but living, breathing earth and any other option would
mean death for all life.

I've used this defense of God for natural evil many times and still believe it's
true and theologically valid, but theology is not comforting in the face of the
massive destruction and death in Japan and around the North Pacific basin. It's
simply foolish to say that we could have done more to predict and protect the
people of northern Japan. True protection would mean evacuating all of Japan,
all of California, large swaths of Latin America. Central and Southern Asia, and
a thousand other places where the earth could suddenly twitch. Some natural
evils we simply can't escape.

Now, my soul energies are not focused on defending God, but rather on a deeper
contemplation of our arrogance and vulnerability before nature. Because we can
escape into warm homes, we've foolishly come to believe we've mastered the cold.
Because we enjoy our beaches, we've come to believe we're stronger than the
waves. Because we can build up to the sky and calculate stresses and loads,
we've come to believe our buildings can survive all of earth's tremors. Such
beliefs are part of a thin fabric of illusion that we can reach the sky through
our own efforts and never be struck down by the power of the earth's natural
forces.

To say this simply, we are very small animals. Our only gift is that we've been
given minds and souls to understand our place in the universe. We're weak, but
we are aware. That awareness must always temper our pride and calm our arrogance
before the overwhelming majesty and unconquerable power of what Jefferson called
"Nature and Nature's God." We must embrace the paradox of our physical weakness
and our spiritual audacity. If God had made us invulnerable to nature, we'd be
gods. If God had taken away our divine souls, we'd be dumbfounded before the
power of nature, as are all other animals on the planet. Instead, God has made
us as we are, just "a little lower than the angels," yet capable of
comprehending God's power and majesty in the world.

***

Send questions only to The God Squad, c/o Tribune Media Services, 2225 Kenmore
Ave., Suite 114, Buffalo, N.Y. 14207, or e-mail them to godsquadquestion@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Doug Ireland, an Acerbic Activist And Left-Wing Writer, Is Dead at 67

BYLINE: By BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 912 words


Doug Ireland, a fiercely articulate left-wing activist, journalist and blogger
who managed the successful congressional campaigns of the liberal candidates
Allard K. Lowenstein and Bella S. Abzug (as well as Ms. Abzug's unsuccessful
campaign for the Senate) and wrote with acerbic force about politics, the media
and gay issues, died on Oct. 26 in his home on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
He was 67.

The cause was probably a stroke, his lawyer and longtime friend, Norman Levy,
said. Mr. Ireland's health had been deteriorating for some time. He survived two
previous strokes and had been treated for diabetes and complications of a
childhood bout with polio, among other ailments.

An autodidact who read voluminously and wrote in both English and French, Mr.
Ireland was a contributor, at various times, to The New York Post (when it was
viewed as leaning left), The Village Voice, New York magazine, The New York
Observer, The Nation, the French daily Libération and other periodicals.

With the experience of a political insider and a Wildean savoring of venality,
he wrote with a firebrand's zeal, an aversion to hypocrisy, a stinging wit -- he
referred to Mario M. Cuomo, the combative former governor of New York, as a
politician able to hide behind his own candor -- and a willingness to hold the
feet of candidates and elected officials to the fire, even liberal ones when
they shied from a progressive agenda.

As a contributor to The Nation during President Bill Clinton's administration,
he clashed with the editors over the magazine's support of the president, whom
he held in particular disregard for, among other things, signing the Defense of
Marriage Act, effectively rendering same-sex couples unqualified for federal
marriage benefits, and failing to overturn a policy of barring H.I.V.-positive
foreigners from entering the United States. That policy kept Mr. Ireland's
partner, Hervé Couergou, who lived in France, from traveling to the United
States for treatment. His anger at Mr. Clinton never subsided.

''So now, Bill Clinton told us this month in an opinion piece for The Washington
Post, he's against the Defense of Marriage Act he signed into law in 1996,'' Mr.
Ireland wrote in March in Gay City News, a New York publication for which he was
a regular contributor for the last several years. ''We're supposed to be
grateful. But 'the powerful odor of mendacity' (to borrow Tennessee Williams's
pungent phrase) has always hung over the ex-president, and this offensive smell
permeates his anti-DOMA declaration.''

A Falstaffian figure who ate and drank and talked in a league with large-living
intellectual friends like Christopher Hitchens and Gore Vidal, Mr. Ireland
nonetheless kept many details of his early life to himself. He was born William
Douglas Ireland in Duluth, Minn., on March 31, 1946. Newspaper articles in 1955
said he was living in Port Hueneme, Calif., near Oxnard, where his father,
Russell, worked in the information office of the Naval Battalion Construction
Center.

At 10, according to a newspaper report, he was admitted to a hospital with
polio, given an emergency tracheotomy and placed in an iron lung, where he was
confined for at least a year, friends said in interviews. Mr. Ireland told
friends that his parents were Christian Scientists who had refused to have him
inoculated against the disease.

''That's when he began reading,'' said Valerie Goodman, a New York gallery owner
who met Mr. Ireland when he lived in France in the 1980s.

Mr. Levy said that Mr. Ireland left home for good at 15 to escape his parents'
cruelty and that he became a labor organizer in New Jersey while still in his
teens. However, records from Goddard College in Vermont, where Mr. Ireland was a
student in 1965 taking classes called ''Contemporary Radical Thought'' and
''Democracy and Power in Modern Society,'' indicate that he had attended high
schools in San Jose and Los Gatos, Calif., and Plymouth, Mass., where his
parents lived at the time. A school yearbook put him in the graduating class of
1963, during the administration of President John F. Kennedy.

''Doug has definite opinions on everything, including peace, politics and
independent candidates,'' the caption under his picture reads in part. ''He
dislikes conservatives, television, Time magazine and a certain family in
government.''

Before he went to Goddard, Mr. Ireland worked for the left-wing activist
organization Students for a Democratic Society; a letter from Mr. Ireland to
Goddard's admissions office was written on S.D.S. stationery, the college
registrar, Josh Castle, said in an interview.

According to a biography of Mr. Ireland on his blog, Direland, he worked on the
campaigns of four liberal candidates for president, including the Democratic
anti-Vietnam War candidate Eugene J. McCarthy in 1968, coordinating volunteers
in New Jersey.

He managed the campaigns of Mr. Lowenstein, who represented Nassau County, N.Y.,
in the House of Representatives from 1969 to 1971, and Ms. Abzug, who was
elected to the House in 1970 and served three terms, representing districts in
Manhattan and the Bronx.

He left political work for full-time writing sometime after Ms. Abzug's narrow
loss in the 1976 Democratic Senate primary to Daniel Patrick Moynihan, who went
on to win the general election.

Mr. Ireland's partner, Mr. Couergou, died of AIDS in 1996. No immediate family
members survive.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/06/nyregion/doug-ireland-acerbic-activist-and-wri
ter-on-left-wing-dies-at-67.html

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:   Doug Ireland, with Lynne D. Abraham, during the Senate
campaign of Bella S. Abzug in 1976. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NEAL BOENZI/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              257 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                         The New York Times on the Web

Doug Ireland, Acerbic Activist and Writer on Left Wing, Dies at 67

BYLINE: By BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 916 words


Doug Ireland, a fiercely articulate left-wing activist, journalist and blogger
who managed the successful congressional campaigns of the liberal candidates
Allard K. Lowenstein and Bella Abzug (as well as Ms. Abzug's unsuccessful
campaign for the Senate) and wrote with acerbic force about politics, the media
and gay issues, died on Oct. 26 in his home on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
He was 67.

The cause was probably a stroke, his lawyer and longtime friend, Norman Levy,
said. Mr. Ireland's health had been deteriorating for some time. He survived two
previous strokes and had been treated for diabetes and complications of a
childhood bout with polio, among other ailments.

An autodidact who read voluminously and wrote in both English and French, Mr.
Ireland was a contributor, at various times, to The New York Post (when it was
viewed as leaning left), The Village Voice, New York magazine, The New York
Observer, The Nation, the French daily Libération and other periodicals.

With the experience of a political insider and a Wildean savoring of venality,
he wrote with a firebrand's zeal, an aversion to hypocrisy, a stinging wit -- he
referred to Mario M. Cuomo, the combative former governor of New York, as a
politician able to hide behind his own candor -- and a willingness to hold the
feet of candidates and elected officials to the fire, even liberal ones when
they shied from a progressive agenda.

As a contributor to The Nation during President Bill Clinton's administration,
he clashed with the editors over the magazine's support of the president, whom
he held in particular disregard for, among other things, signing the Defense of
Marriage Act, effectively rendering same-sex couples unqualified for federal
marriage benefits, and failing to overturn a policy of barring H.I.V.-positive
foreigners from entering the United States, which kept Mr. Ireland's partner,
Hervé Couergou, who lived in France, from traveling to the United States for
treatment. His anger at Mr. Clinton never subsided.

''So now, Bill Clinton told us this month in an opinion piece for The Washington
Post, he's against the Defense of Marriage Act he signed into law in 1996,'' Mr.
Ireland wrote in March in Gay City News, a New York publication for which he was
a regular contributor for the last several years. ''We're supposed to be
grateful. But 'the powerful odor of mendacity' (to borrow Tennessee Williams's
pungent phrase) has always hung over the ex-president, and this offensive smell
permeates his anti-DOMA declaration.''

A Falstaffian figure who ate and drank and talked in a league with large-living
intellectual friends like Christopher Hitchens and Gore Vidal, Mr. Ireland
nonetheless kept many details of his early life to himself. He was born William
Douglas Ireland in Duluth, Minn., on March 31, 1946. Newspaper articles in 1955
said he was living in Port Hueneme, Calif., near Oxnard, where his father,
Russell, worked in the information office of the Naval Battalion Construction
Center.

At 10, according to a newspaper report, he was admitted to a hospital with
polio, given an emergency tracheotomy and placed in an iron lung, where he was
confined for at least a year, friends said in interviews. Mr. Ireland told
friends that his parents were Christian Scientists who had refused to have him
inoculated against the disease.

''That's when he began reading,'' said Valerie Goodman, a New York gallery owner
who met Mr. Ireland when he lived in France in the 1980s.

Mr. Levy said that Mr. Ireland left home for good at 15 to escape his parents'
cruelty and that he became a labor organizer in New Jersey while still in his
teens. However, records from Goddard College in Vermont, where Mr. Ireland was a
student in 1965 taking classes called ''Contemporary Radical Thought'' and
''Democracy and Power in Modern Society,'' indicate that he had attended high
schools in San Jose and Los Gatos, Calif., and Plymouth, Mass., where his
parents lived at the time. A school yearbook put him in the graduating class of
1963, during the administration of President John F. Kennedy.

''Doug has definite opinions on everything, including peace, politics and
independent candidates,'' the caption under his picture reads in part. ''He
dislikes conservatives, television, Time magazine and a certain family in
government.''

Before he went to Goddard, Mr. Ireland worked for the left-wing activist
organization Students for a Democratic Society; a letter from Mr. Ireland to
Goddard's admissions office was written on S.D.S. stationery, the college
registrar, Josh Castle, said in an interview.

According to a biography of Mr. Ireland on his blog, Direland, he worked on the
campaigns of four liberal candidates for president, including the Democratic
anti-Vietnam War candidate Eugene J. McCarthy in 1968, coordinating volunteers
in New Jersey.

In addition to the campaigns of Mr. Lowenstein, who represented Nassau County,
N.Y., in the House of Representatives from 1969 to 1971, and Ms. Abzug, who was
elected to the House in 1970 and served three terms, representing districts in
Manhattan and the Bronx, Mr. Ireland directed Paul O'Dwyer's successful campaign
for president of the New York City Council in 1973.

He left political work for full-time writing sometime after Ms. Abzug's narrow
loss in the 1976 Democratic Senate primary to Daniel Patrick Moynihan, who went
on to win the general election.

Mr. Ireland's partner, Mr. Couergou, died of AIDS in 1996. No immediate family
members survive.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/06/nyregion/doug-ireland-acerbic-activist-and-wri
ter-on-left-wing-dies-at-67.html

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 2, 2013



CORRECTION: An obituary on Nov. 7 about the journalist and political activist
Doug Ireland erroneously credited him with an accomplishment. He did not manage
Paul O'Dwyer's successful 1973 campaign for president of the New York City
Council.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              258 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 8, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Guns in Prison Show Futility of a Ban on Arms

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 163 words


To the Editor:

In light of your editorial support of more restrictions on legitimate ownership
of private firearms, "When Inmates Carry Guns" (editorial, Jan. 20) misses a
crucial point.

It seems that even in prison, where many civil rights do not apply and where
access, movement and activities are highly controlled, criminals who want guns
can still get them, albeit at a high price. Further, the prison system in
question is surrounded by one of the most restrictive jurisdictions in the
country for legitimate gun ownership.

Doesn't this suggest to you that in normal society, where none of the above
conditions exist, it would be folly to try to limit criminal access to guns by
restricting the right of law-abiding citizens to own them?

As our country's earlier experience with alcohol prohibition amply demonstrated,
greed and venality will always provide willing conspirators if the price is
right.

ERIC S. CHING
Mountain View, Calif., Jan. 25, 1993

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              259 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     March 16, 1994 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

RESCUING THE PAST IF THE CITY ENFORCED ITS OWN LAWS, WOULD THE MAYOR NEED A NEW
PANEL TO SAVE HISTORIC BUILDINGS?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 440 words


More than once, we've taken approving note on this page of Mayor Rendell's
catalytic effort to better market Philadelphia's unique, under-sung historical
treasures.

But while the mayor was talking the talk, skeptics - many of whom were outraged
at quickie demolitions of workaday pieces of the city's history - said he wasn't
walking the walk. If an old chum or political pal of the mayor wanted to level a
historically certified building, the critics argued, the starch seemed to go out
of his stand-up, public posture.

Indeed, the truly ungenerous said he was turning his head while an unseemly
two-step was acted out - the "demolition-by-neglect" gambit: City inspectors
cite defects or hazards. The owner stonewalls. The building crumbles, is
declared a public danger and is torn down, much to the owner's delight.

Result: another parking lot, or simply a gaping hole.

We're not quite as convinced of the mayor's venality. Neither have we been
bowled over by his sincerity when it has come to judgment calls.

He sounded something like an untutored oaf when the 17th-century Eliza Webb
Chandlery was splintered to enlarge Bookbinders' valet parking. Lots of other
old stuff around, was the thrust of his remarks.

That's why we're taking a decidedly show-me stance regarding a new "historic
stabilization committee" that is being ballyhooed by his Licenses and
Inspection's commissioner, Bennett Levin.

The idea is to reduce the number of the "demolitions by neglect" by creating an
early-warning system. A list of endangered historic buildings in the city would
be compiled, their conditions would be diagnosed and, in the rosiest scenario,
leaky roofs or other small repairs would be done to keep the buildings from
falling into costly, dangerous disrepair.

It could work. Perhaps it will work. But there's an emptiness at its center. The
repair money - presuming the property owner stonewalls - would have to be raised
by the private sector (which is simultaneously being asked to cough up $1
million for the mayor's marketing project).

Moreover, this question arises: Would the new apparatus even be necessary if the
city strictly - heck, half-heartedly - enforced the existing preservation laws
and building codes?

Philadelphia has had such privately funded building-rescue funds in the past. It
has laws and commissions galore. What's been missing is a clear, unqualified
message from the mayor that he cares about threatened historical buildings, that
he'll fight for them, that he'll publicly take on the blightmeisters and put
bite in the city's enforcement bark.

None of which costs a penny.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: HISTORY IN OUR FUTURE
How Philadelphia can take advantage of its heritage.
One in an occasional series.

TYPE: EDITORIAL SERIES

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          November 11, 1972, Saturday

SECTION: Page 17, Column 3

LENGTH: 121 words

Public information com of NYS Sup Ct (Bklyn) bd of justices releases on Nov 10
text of lr sent to NYC Mayor Lindsay, detailing statistics that attest to
efficiency of Bklyn ct system and requesting that Lindsay's 'reckless' unfounded
attacks upon cts cease; com adds its voice to those of justices of Manhattan and
Bronx branches of ct who have disputed Oct 3 attack by Lindsay on state Sup Ct
system; Lindsay, in response to NY Times article outlining an apparent pattern
of leniency by Sup Ct justices toward members of organized crime, called ct
'instinctively unproductive' and subject to venality and backroom deals; lr
detailed; is signed by Justices F J Pino, chmn of com, and I Brownstein, A S
McGovern and C R Rubin

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              261 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 17, 2005 Monday

SURF'S UP FOR HFA - HEDGE FUND ABUSE DOESN'T YIELD MUCH TO SOFT-FOCUS SEC

BYLINE: Christopher Byron

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 1296 words


Evidence of the Durus fraud was in plain view in the SEC's own files and had
been widely reported in the media.

NOW that Hurricane Katrina has blown back the curtains on the inner workings of
the Bush administration, it's become pretty much open season on the president so
far as the media is concerned.

But a lot of what is now getting blamed on Bush himself - the cronyism,
incompetence, and venality of his political appointees, for example - has been
part of American public life since Andrew Jackson was in the White House.

So it's hard to listen to the rising chorus of carping and criticism in the
media - deserved though it may be - without thinking of the press' own
complicity in the matter, not just for the past few years but for decades on
end.

Like Monsieur Renault, the Prefect of Police in Casablanca, we do not come off
well by professing ourselves to be "shocked" at the discovery that gambling is
going on at Rick's Place when we knew what was transpiring in the back room all
along.

That's certainly been the case when it comes to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which has been keeping the peace on Wall Street by bedazzling the
media with grandstanding gestures and pointless PR stunts for at least the past
quarter-century.

Now the SEC fan dance is beginning again, and the media is playing right along
as the commission gears up to crack down on "hedge fund abuse," referred to
hereinafter by the FEMA-friendly acronym, HFA.

Make no mistake, HFA is no joke and desperately needs to be quarantined before
it spreads across the length and breadth of Wall Street.

But this isn't some financial version of bird flu that materialized out of thin
air. These unregulated investment pools - really nothing more than mutual funds
for millionaires - have been a growing presence on Wall Street since Jimmy
Carter was in the White House.

What's more, by the end of the 1990s, hedge funds had emerged as one of the most
potent forces in the market with whole armies of crooks and swindlers pouring
billions into stock-rigging schemes from safe-haven hideouts like Curacao and
the Cayman Islands.

YET for the most part, the SEC simply looked the other way just like every
president since Richard Nixon looked the other way when it came to building a
post-Camille levee system high enough and strong enough to keep the Gulf of
Mexico out of downtown New Orleans during a Category Four hurricane.

Now, of course, parts of New Orleans present as a giant petrie dish for the
growth of mold spores while a storm surge of hedge-fund fraud threatens to
breach the financial levies of Wall Street.

With those waves lapping ever higher, the SEC finally filed civil charges last
week against a Connecticut-based hedge fund called Durus Capital Management. The
alleged offense: secretly, illegally cornering the market in two small biotech
stocks and using them to inflate the reported value of Durus itself to the
fund's investors.

In reality, evidence of the Durus fraud was in plain view in the SEC's own
public files and had been widely reported in the media almost three years before
the complaint was filed.

Similarly, the SEC filed an emergency action in a New York federal court last
week, seizing the assets of an Idaho hedge fund called Wood River Capital
Management, charging it had swindled its own investors by secretly acquiring a
controlling 40 percent block of stock in an obscure Sunnyvale, Calif., wireless
telecom stock called Endwave Corp.

In fact, evidence of the swindle began to emerge three months earlier but it
wasn't until after Endwave's shares had collapsed and Wood River had shut down
that the SEC finally saw fit to proceed with charges.

And in yet another hedge-fund-related action by the SEC last week, the
commission halted withdrawals or unsecured loans by two subsidiaries of an
international money-market firm called Refco Inc. after evidence surfaced the
firm had used a New Jersey hedge fund called Liberty Corner Advisors to hide
close to $500 million in bad debts from Refco's auditors and underwriters prior
to the company's July initial public offering.

Why the SEC ever allowed Refco to go public in the first place is a mystery,
considering the company has a long and thoroughly documented history of run-ins
with the law - including sweetheart investment deals for Hillary Clinton in the
1970s, apparent money-laundering for a branch of the infamous Bank For Credit
and Commerce International in the 1980s, and an SEC probe into illegal
short-selling tied to Refco four years ago.

In a move that it claims will prevent HFA in the future, the SEC adopted a
regulation requiring hedge funds to register by February as if they were mutual
funds.

BUT this will accomplish nothing except give SEC staffers more regulatory paper
to push from one in-basket to the next - a pointless exercise to say the least,
particularly when all that is needed to inoculate the markets against any future
HFA outbreaks, in their current variety, is to enforce a law that has been on
the books for nearly 40 years and been largely ignored for the past 15.

That law is the so-called Williams Act, which makes it a federal
felonypunishable by multiyear prison sentences to acquire 5 percent or more of
the stock of a publicly traded company without filing a so-called Form 13D with
the SEC, disclosing the full details of the purchase within 10 business days of
the transaction.

Section 13D was enacted in 1968 in an effort to prevent go-go era corporate
raiders from putting together cabals of investors to secretly buy up the public
stock in companies without causing their prices to shoot into orbit. Once the
cabal had gained control, it would surface, fire the company's management and
liquidate the business for a profit.

In the late 1980s, U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani and his successor Otto Obermeier
used that law effectively to break up the entire ring of junk bond raiders that
orbited around the former Drexel Burnham and Co. investment firm.

In April 1987, arbitrageur Ivan Boesky pleaded guilty to filing a false 13D in
connection with his role in a raid on Fischbach Corp. and wound up with a
three-year prison sentence.

In June 1989, a corporate raider named Paul A. Bilzerian was convicted of filing
false 13D forms and related offenses as part of a scheme to acquire control of
the Singer Corp. and was sentenced to four years in federal prison.

Three months later, Drexel itself pleaded guilty to false 13D filings with
Boesky and was soon out of business entirely. In 1990, Michael Milken, the
one-time Drexel junk bond promoter, pleaded guilty to the same behavior that
Drexel and Boesky had pled to and wound up with a 10-year sentence. And with
that, illegal corporate takeovers have not been a problem on Wall Street.

But that was 15 years ago, and no securities lawyers I've contacted has been
able to cite a single example of a 13D criminal prosecution filed since that
time. Yet they all agreed 13D would be directly applicable to any hedge-fund
operator who acquires more than 5 percent of a company's stock for his fund and
fails to file with the SEC an accurate and timely 13D form.

So, if you'd like to do your duty as a citizen and help clean up Wall Street
from the hedge-fund weasels who are taking it over, write your member of
Congress and say, "We don't need no more laws. Just enforce the ones that are on
the books already."

---

Risky business

If the SEC were doing its job, risk-driven hedge fund operators would be feeling
more pressure from a law that engulfed the likes of Michael Milken, Ivan Boesky,
and Paul Bilzerian.

New guys facing feds

* Wood River Capital Management Acquired big block of Endwave Corp.

* Durus Capital Management Cornered market in two biotech stocks

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Milken  [N.Y. Post: Paul Adao] -Bilzerian  [AP] -Surfer  [EPA] -Boesky
-Milken  [N.Y. Post: Paul Adao] -Bilzerian  [AP] -Surfer  [EPA]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       July 16, 2000 Sunday, Home Edition

Books: Connell's crusade: Explain an unholy quest

BYLINE: Chuck Twardy

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Arts; Pg. 9L

LENGTH: 763 words


FICTION Deus Lo Volt! Chronicle of the Crusades. By Evan S. Connell.
Counterpoint. $30. 480 pages. The verdict: Part medieval history, part memoir.


In this year's lenten season, Pope John Paul II betook himself to the Holy Land,
there to seek forgiveness for the sins of Christians.

If any live who dispute his cause, let them read "Deus Lo Volt!"

"God wills it," translates this Latin exclamation, echoing the fervor of the
throng that greeted Pope Urban II in Clermont, France, in 1095. For nearly three
centuries those faithful and their progeny would march and sail eastward, time
and again, determined to wrest Jerusalem from its Muslim overlords. In their
certitude, and sometimes in pure venality, the Crusaders brutalized Muslims,
Jews, fellow Christians.

Incited by popes, regretted by a pope, misdeeds thread through this historical
epic by Evan S. Connell, whose "Son of the Morning Star" unraveled Custer's last
iniquity. In that book, Connell noted a French deserter's graffito in the
Colonial wilderness: "Nous sommes tous sauvages" ("We are all savages"). And the
human capacity for cruelty re-emerges as a leitmotif in "Deus Lo Volt." But this
book pulls its narrative strategy from Connell's last effort, "The Alchymist's
Journal," which fancied itself the notebook of a medieval alchemist. Here,
Connell invokes both the recondite religiosity and the courtly syntax of
medieval chronicles, the better to expose the lethality of feverish convictions.

For the narrator, Connell summons an actual crusader and chronicler, Jean de
Joinville (1225-1317). The seneschal, or governor, of Champagne, Joinville
followed King --- later Saint --- Louis of France to Egypt and back. Connell
draws deeply from Joinville's "Le livre des saintes paroles et des bonnes
actions de St Louis," a memoir of encounters with Louis and an account of the
nearly disastrous Egyptian campaign. A number of Joinville's anecdotes and
episodes surface in Connell's narrative.

Connell's Joinville plays historian as well as memoirist, poring through
contemporary chronicles and assembling a comprehensive account, from Peter the
Hermit's ragtag rampage across Europe, in which Jews became more convenient
enemies than distant Turks, through the capture and loss of Jerusalem, the
sidebar sack of Constantinople, the pathetic Children's Crusade, to Louis' last
mad sally, which Joinville, perhaps presciently, declined to join. Among the
chronicles Connell's Joinville has consulted are those by Fulcher of Chartres
and Geoffrey de Vinsauf, as well as several Muslim writers.

Collating such sources, this Joinville allows that chroniclers might be biased
and that the truth about some events must remain unknown, a perception rare
among medieval historians. As C.S. Lewis observed in his examination of the
medieval worldview, "The Discarded Image": "The very words story and history had
not yet been desynonymised," meaning medieval writers and readers tended to
value instruction and delight above veracity. But while Connell's narrator
repeatedly concludes that "God knows the truth," he will not doubt every
unexamined assumption, least of all his confidence in God's partiality. Death
lifts crusaders to sleep in Christ's arms and plunges "unbelievers," shrieking,
into hell.

And yet he allows that Saladin, the Muslim warrior who battled and eventually
made peace with Richard the Lion-Hearted, "exhibited that rare simplicity which
marks those who do not feel compelled to inflate themselves."

Unsurprisingly for a tale concerned with physical violence, the body and its
fate figure prominently. Severed heads are collected like coins and displayed
from ramparts, presumed shards of saintly bones are deployed for protection.
This Joinville colorfully refers to corpses as "husks" of departed souls, but
these bodies retain value for the living, who might convey an expired ruler's
various components to multiple destinations.

Although "Deus Lo Volt" bristles with peculiar physical details of this sort,
the real Joinville's chronicle is in many ways more attentive to them,
particularly in battle scenes. Connell is nearly 300 pages along before he
compels his narrator to describe how knights in various eras were accoutered.
You're on your own if you want to know who the Knights Templar and Knights
Hospitallers were. In the end, you can't help wishing Connell had abandoned the
chronicler conceit and unmasked the ironies of human intentions and actions in
his own quite competent voice.


Chuck Twardy is a writer in Greenville, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              263 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            December 6, 1996 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Television;
After Hours

BYLINE: Peter Ross

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 300 words


Larry Sanders Show

A former ABC colleague, a man of some intellect, was fulsome in his praise "You
must see it" he urged, "what it's doing on 10 I don't know, we should have it
here on 2". So we hit the play button eager for this over-looked gem and out
they all came, a parade of Los Angeles show biz type piling venality upon
banality to give us a backroom insight into the moral structure of a late-night
chat show. If the Larry Sanders Show is half-way accurate in its portrayal of
American popular entertainment we are all in need of protection. Although, come
to think of it Sanders being on Channel 10, is a quarantine of sorts.

Channel 10 Saturday 2130

G.P.

There have been some disquieting trends observed in this year's best television,
Cardiac Arrest. This drama is distinguished by its smart action, skilled acting
and a merciful absence of introspection and amateur psychologising. They get on
with it in CA, staunching blood, puffing on a quick fag in the pan room, and
enjoying even quicker congresses in the night shift bed. However, last week
there was a slip in their admirable standards when two characters actually dwelt
for a moment on the quality of their relationship. It didn't take long, and one
hopes it won't happen again because all that soft stuff has been more than amply
covered in the home grown article, GP which left no orifice, crevice or surface
of the human condition un-probed. And the probe went on for too long. For eight
years and 318 episodes it has been politically correct and social concerned to
the nth degree, sometimes to great effect. The final episode is crowded with big
events which generate speed and fuss but no real tension, not until a character
with "delusional tendencies" appears; Ben Mendelsohn is a gift to the screen.

Channel 2 December 10 2030

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1996 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

J. Harold Flannery, 65, Rights Lawyer and Appellate Judge

BYLINE: By ERIC PACE

SECTION: Section C; Page 19; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 637 words


J. Harold Flannery Jr., an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Appeals Court
since 1995 who was a civil rights lawyer in the South and in Boston in the
1960's and 1970's, died on Friday at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
He was 65 and lived in Weston, Mass.

The cause was complications from cancer, said Rudolph Kass, also an Associate
Justice of the Appeals Court.

Judge Flannery was a trial lawyer in the civil rights division of the Justice
Department from 1958 to 1970. He was deputy and acting director of the Center
for Law and Education at Harvard University from 1970 to 1974, national director
of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law from 1974 to 1975 and a
Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court from 1984 to 1995.

Another justice, Benjamin Kaplan of the Massachusetts Appeals Court, said Judge
Flannery "spent the better part of his professional life, as a government lawyer
and otherwise, in Mississippi, Washington and Boston in defense of civil
rights," adding: "This marked deeply his personality and view of things. He had
a keen, unsentimental understanding of public issues and could spot hypocrisy
and venality at long range."

In the 1970's, Judge Flannery was the lead counsel and strategist for the
plaintiffs in Morgan v. Hennigan, the Boston school desegregation case. A
Federal judge, W. Arthur Garrity Jr., ruled in 1974 that the Boston School
Committee, the main administrative body for Boston's public school system, had
long breached the 14th Amendment by sending white and black pupils to separate
schools and withholding from blacks equal protection under the law. Court orders
were issued, and implemented, requiring that the Boston school system be
desegregated by busing.

In earlier years, Mr. Flannery played a role in more than 40 civil rights cases
and in other civil-rights matters in the South. In 1966 he went to Oxford,
Miss., to take part in litigation by the Federal Government to require the
authorities in Grenada, Miss., to protect journalists and black schoolchildren
who had been attacked by mobs near that city's newly segregated schools.

In 1963 he went to Danville, Va., to confer with agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation at a time when Danville city officials were considering a strict
curfew to deal with Southside Virginia's first determined effort by blacks to
obtain equal rights by demonstrations. The effort had led to violence and
charges of police brutality.

While he was on the bench, Judge Flannery was perhaps best known for his ruling
in 1993, as the trial judge in a case involving the right of homosexuals to
march in South Boston's St. Patrick's Day parade. In that decision he declared,
"History does not record that St. Patrick limited his ministry to heterosexuals
or that General Washington's soldiers were all straight. Inclusiveness should be
the hallmark of the parade."

He held that it should be open to all participants who were peaceful. His
decision was upheld in 1994 by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, but was
reversed in 1995 by the United States Supreme Court. That ultimate outcome led
Judge Kass to write in Sunday's Boston Globe, "It is well to remember that the
U.S. Supreme Court is, as Justice Robert Jackson observed, not final because it
is infallible but infallible because it is final."

Judge Flannery was born in West Pittston, Pa., and received a bachelor's degree
in 1955 from Wilkes College in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., and his law degree in 1958
from the University of Pennsylvania.

He was a partner in the Boston-based law firm of Foley, Hoag & Eliot from 1975
to 1984 and was named to the Massachusetts Appeals Court by Gov. William F.
Weld, a Republican.

He is survived by his wife, the former Barbara Marie Nash, whom he married in
1967.


NAME: J. Harold Flannery Jr.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              265 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Son likens N Srinivasan to Orlando killer; reveals how former BCCI boss tortured
gay couple

LENGTH: 86  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 20 -- In a sensational revelation, son of Narayanaswami
Srinivasan claimed that the former Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI)
president tortured him and his gay partner.
 "Just like the Orlando killer Omar Mateen, my father N Srinivasan too is
wracked with guilt over his own gay past. He is transfer-projecting that on us
and hence his homophobia takes on a rarely seen venality, Ashwin Srinivasan was
quoted as saying in a report published on Father's Day in 'dna'.
 MUST READ
 Orlando massacre


LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            October 24, 2011 Monday

The truth about small business

BYLINE:

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 756  words


Every year at around this time, regardless of the economic weather, public
officials dutifully draft peons to that noblest of all savages, the small
business owner.

He or she, they insist, is the sturdy bulwark of society, upon whose broad
shoulders rest the fair dreams of the hapless wage-earner and (therefore,
somehow) the wealth of nations. The entrepreneur, cut from the tough cloth that
unassailable character and wizened experience weaves, stands ever at the ready
to compensate for the waste, venality and shabbiness of the corporate world -
his and her mind never straying far from that single, virtuous goal of job
creation.

Or, as Stephen Harper opined in an official statement last Monday, "Each year,
Small Business Week acknowledges and celebrates the hard work and dedication of
small business owners. Small businesses are a powerful driver of our economy and
employ millions of Canadians. Their contributions are more important than ever
given the fragile state of the global economy."

Aw shucks. Do go on. . .

"Our Government is doing its share to support the efforts of small businesses to
create jobs and growth in Canada. We are reducing red tape, keeping taxes low
and have declared 2011 the Year of the Entrepreneur - highlighting the role
entrepreneurs are playing in the success of our country. On behalf of Canadians,
I thank small business owners and entrepreneurs for their continued efforts to
keep the Canadian economy strong."

As a member of this honourable league, going on now for 22 years, what I should
say is, "Don't mention it." And that's all I should say.

But the entrepreneurial life confers upon its practitioner certain habits of
mind and comportment that are hard to break. One of them is candor. And to be
perfectly frank, politicians know as much about small-time enterprise, and its
impact on the economy, as they do about anything else. That is to say: Not much.

For more than a generation, elected representatives of every ideological stripe
(aided by their spin-doctors and handlers) have paid homage to entrepreneurs as
a constituency, extolling their achievements as the by-product of their common
purpose. In this process of co-option, the politicians have grossly
oversimplified the motivations of the self-made man and woman and wildly
misrepresented the true nature of his and her contributions, which are not at
all macro-economic.

Writing in a recent issue of Bloomberg Businessweek, columnist Charles Kenny
notes that in the United States, "The notion that small business is the force
behind prosperity is not true. . . .In 2007, there were around 6 million
companies with workers on the payroll. Ninety percent of those businesses
employed fewer than 20 people, according to analysis of the latest census data
by Erik Hurst and Ben Pugsley of the University of Chicago. Collectively, those
companies accounted for 20 per cent of all jobs. Most small employers are
restaurateurs, skilled professionals or craftsmen (doctors, plumbers),
professional and general service providers (clergy, travel agents, beauticians),
and independent retailers.

Furthermore, he observes, "These aren't sectors of the economy where product
costs drop a lot as the firm grows, so most of these companies are going to
remain small. And according to Hurst and Pugsley's survey evidence, the majority
of small business owners say that's precisely their intent - they didn't start a
business for the money but for the flexibility and freedom. Most have no plans
to grow."

To be fair, some do, and those that expand are often spectacularly successful
because economies of scale (labour and input costs, access to capital for
investment and marketing) tend to favour larger operations. But Kenny's point is
well taken. In Canada, as in the States, while most businesses are small, they
account for only a meagre proportion of meaningful employment. That's one reason
why knowledgeable economic developers have stopped associating job creation with
entrepreneurial moxie.

Still, public officials are obliged to spin their comforting platitudes. But if
they really wanted to pay folks like me a favour, they might want start telling
the truth about entrepreneurship's true value to society, which has to do with
the skills it teaches: Self-reliance, productivity, creativity, determination
and the ability to detect the aroma of bovine fecal matter whenever and wherever
it wafts.

? Alec Bruce is a Moncton-based writer on politics, economics and current
affairs. His column appears in this space Monday through Friday.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MAY 31, 1995 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

VENAL SINS THE CYNICS' VIEW THAT THE CITY HAS A LOCAL MONOPOLY ON POLITICAL
CORRUPTION IGNORES MUCH RECENT HISTORY.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 674 words


The letter from a suburban reader arrived even before The Inquirer's series of
editorials on regional cooperation had completed its run early this year.

"When you finish your series on regionalism," the reader wrote, "please bury it
forever. Just the thought of a John Street having any say in decisions involving
my county makes one's hair stand up.

"If it weren't so scary . . . it would be hilarious to think that aligning with
Philadelphia - a city that because of its mismanagement has some of the highest
. . . taxes in the country - will save us money."

That reader gave voice to a common refrain. For many folks, the Editorial
Board's Common Ground campaign butts heads with the entrenched notion that
Philadelphia is a cesspool of waste, fraud and political cronyism - and
therefore unworthy of partnership.

Well, the city certainly must plead guilty to its share of corrupt elected
officials, outrageous patronage deals and malingering municipal employees. In
the city's defense, there's been far less of that lately.

But if venality and waste are the yardsticks by which we're going to judge
governments, let's at least apply that across the board. The suburbs won't
exactly come up smelling like roses. A few recent lowlights of suburban
political life:

Camden County Clerk Michael S. Keating is being tried on charges that he
accepted $213,000 in kickbacks and campaign contributions in exchange for
printing contracts.

A few years back, Montgomery County Republican power Robert B. Asher was
sent to jail for a computer bribery scandal. (And he's been active in GOP
circles since his release.)

Abington Township treasurer George Snyder gambled away more than $218,000 in
taxpayer money before he was caught - and he was only the most notorious of a
recent set of thieving, or bungling, suburban tax collectors.

Remember racketeering by former Chester Mayor John Nacrelli? The fraud
conviction of William J. Tancredi, who ran a Delaware County economic
development agency created and chaired by a powerhouse Republican congressman?
Misuse of federal housing funds in Upper Darby?

Nor are other controversies peculiar to the city. In 1990, there was that flap
over fat legal fees paid by the Montgomery County commissioners. Only recently,
Chester County revealed the loss of $39,000 in interest earnings on bond
proceeds that were invested poorly. And Norristown officials are wrestling now
with questions about possible resume-padding by the town's new finance director.

And talk about political machines: Philadelphia's Democrats can only dream of
ruling as absolutely as Delaware County's GOP organization.

In short, when it comes to government in thrall to patronage and petty politics,
the city's neighbors have more in common with Philadelphia than some folks will
admit.

If it's time to confront the problems of waste, incompetence and insider deals
in local government (and it is), then let's dispense first with the false
premise that only Philadelphia has such problems.

Many suburbs do. And all around the suburbs are politicians only too happy to
raise exaggerated alarms about the perils of regional cooperation, because that
progressive idea threatens the secure control of their little fiefdoms.

On a number of fronts, suburban communities have as much to gain as the city
from increased regional cooperation (not "regionalization," as the alarmists
love to paint it).

Those issues range from reforms that would reduce the hated property tax to
sharing municipal purchases to stretch resources; from cooperating in the fight
against crime, to maximizing the region's appeal as a tourist mecca.

The good news is that thousands of city and suburban civic, business and
government leaders convened last week at the Convention Center to explore these
and other ideas for regional cooperation.

These are goals to which most of the region's residents can say "yes." Giving
free rein to self-interested naysayers - whether in city or suburb - is no way
to attain them.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMON GROUND
One is an occasional series on regional issues.

TYPE: EDITORIAL SERIES

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday

LONESOME GOV'S SAD SOLO ACT

BYLINE: Andrea Peyser

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 734 words


THIS is how an administration dies. A slow, painful and agonizing demise.

Gov. Lame Duck waddled into the ornate Downtown Brooklyn ceremonial courtroom
without a single close aide, confidant, minister or lifeboat to save him.

As doors opened on a brilliant day, a musty air of defeat swirled into the room
as the temporary chief executive of the state of New York strode in, visibly
stoop-shouldered. He was palpably, nakedly, dismally alone.

Gov. Paterson took yesterday morning to interrupt the gritty and unpleasant work
of hashing out a budget in Albany, not to mention to escape investigations into
his alleged criminality and flagrant venality.

On this day, he graced a room filled with Brooklynites puzzled by his surprising
presence in their midst, to hold a town-hall meeting about the rotten state of
New York's finances.

But as soon as he slumped in and said "hello," the governor mumbled a vague and
snarky acknowledgment that he never really wanted to be here in the first place.
And he might not be here much longer to kick around.

"If you'd told me years ago that I would be governor - and make these kinds of
[budget] cuts - I wouldn't believe it. Either one," he muttered darkly.

Then, for no apparent reason, he lapsed into victim mode, the governor's now
tragically familiar default setting.

"I've been the target of rumors and innuendo," he moaned. "That hasn't stopped
me . . . In the end, we're up against the wall." The metaphor was about the
budget. I think.

Then, just when you thought it couldn't get any weirder, it did.

Poor Paterson. He took a seat in front of a couple hundred spectators, plus an
army of cameras, microphones and reporters recording his every heartbeat and
fallen eyelash.

And he did nothing.

No aide was on hand to guide him to the next step. Most of them have already
quit in disgust, been suspended, or gone into witness protection.

Audience members, assembled to catch the last days of David Paterson, squirmed
in their seats as several pregnant minutes elapsed. Dead silence. The clock
ticked. Cameras whirled. What should we do?

Finally, the moderator, Rennie Bishop, bounced into the room and sat in a chair
next to the governor's. The room exhaled gratefully.

Those who were selected to speak were polite, if a bit strange.

A woman called "Queen Mother" Dr. Eloise Blakely got up and, complaining about
the high price of coffee or something, asked, "How do we sell Queen Mother
Coffee?"

"I haven't the slightest idea," Paterson said with timing intended to generate
laughs at the woman's expense. And it did.

Suddenly realizing he'd just dissed a constituent, the good-time gov promised to
get an aide to talk to the queen later, though I think he fibbed. He had no
aides left.

Another woman complained, in tears, about being unjustly evicted from her home.
Paterson nodded, and promised to get someone to talk to her later, too. Fat
chance.

Then came the usual calls for taxing the rich and redistributing the wealth.
Paterson didn't bite, though. He may be crazy, but he's not completely stupid,
not even in this crowd.

Once outside, I faced a small crowd, people too polite, intimidated or ignored
to speak up during the program. These real folks think it's high time for a
grown-up to take over the governor's chair.

A woman from the city's Coalition of Non-Residential Domestic Violence Service
Providers was incensed that, as evidence mounts that Paterson may have tried to
hush up his best pal's alleged beatdown of a girlfriend, he's cut funding to
domestic-violence services. That case alone will cast suspicion on Paterson's
every decision from this day forward.

Sergio Silva said he thinks Paterson's done, finished. It's time to shut off the
lights.

"He can't resolve the little problems. How is he going to solve the big ones?
asked Silva, an ironworker from Park Slope.

"Those tickets for the Yankees!" he fumed.

He was infuriated that Paterson allegedly used his office to snag complimentary
tix to the World Series, something for which ordinary Brooklynites would maim.

"He has to resign," Silva said.

By this time, though, the gov was back in default mode, singing his mantra of
"rumor and innuendo and lies supposed to come out in The New York Times." Aren't
we past that?

"I hope to be vindicated," Paterson said. But his tone was more resigned than
triumphant.

The party's over.

This duck is cooked.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FLAGGING: A pitiful Gov. Paterson at yesterday's town-hall meeting in
Brooklyn.   [Paul Martinka]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 7, 1992, Monday

A LABOR DAY ESSAY Rethinking the value of unions

BYLINE: By Thomas Kohlerlabor; organizations; employment; public; opinion

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 13

LENGTH: 812 words


Unions find themselves in a rather odd position this Labor Day. The health of
collective bargaining should, if anything, be of greater concern than ever. For
better or worse, women and men are tied to the market and the workplace to a
degree never before seen. Home may be where the heart is. But over the past 30
years, work is the place where Americans increasingly are found.

However, once at the forefront of election-year debates, unions are now the
subject of discrete silence on the part of conservatives and liberals alike. As
the new consensus has it, unions are relics of the past. They are inappropriate
to a high-tech, global economy and irrelevant if not downright dangerous to the
common good. These views, as fatally flawed as they are widespread, overlook the
contributions unions make to democracy.

As conservatives tend to see them, unions are simply self-seeking economic
institutions whose main purpose is to get higher wages for fewer hours than the
market would otherwise allow. By obstructing the "efficient" allocation and use
of resources, unions leave everyone but their members worse-off.

Liberals are distrustful of unions for the same reasons they are of legislatures
and other institutions of majority will. As they see it, individuals are freest
and most secure when insulated from the biases and venalities that liberals
suspect drive most decision-making in majoritarian bodies. Common to both views
is skepticism about the ability of the common person to act intelligently.

We were not always so uncertain of our common capacity for self- rule, nor did
we always hold such narrow views about the value of our home-grown institutions
of workplace democracy. A generation ago, collective bargaining was understood
as a private law-making system. This was an era when the Supreme Court described
the collective bargaining agreement as not just a contract but "a generalized
code" that represents a system of industrial self-government.

This year's presidential campaign shows just how far we've come from this way of
thinking.

"Jobs" is the mantra of both parties. Yet, not one authentic representative of
working women or men was invited to speak at either convention. The once
celebrated practice of industrial self-government is regarded a danger to
"competitiveness." Collective bargaining represents the bad old days. Full speed
ahead to the "union-free environment".

The slow, steady decline of unions began right around 1960, when about 35
percent of the private-sector work force was organized. That figure may fall to
8 percent by the end of the decade. This trend has produced not one ripple of
concern in either political party. Yet, in this year of family values and
back-to-the-roots politics, a strange fact has gone overlooked. The decline of
unions began at roughly the same time that families, churches, neighborhoods,
service and fraternal groups, local political clubs and the other institutions
that characterized American democracy began to unravel.

This is no mere coincidence. No single "mediating structure," whether in the
form of families, religious congregations, civic, political and service
organizations or unions, is likely to survive in the absence of the others. All
of them require and can ingrain the same sorts of habits: decision, commitment,
self-rule and direct responsibility. No single institution alone can inculcate
or restore these habits. The existence and decline of all of these bodies is
mutually conditioning: the collapse of one of them threatens the rest.

Individuals and societies alike become and remain self-governing only by
repeatedly and regularly engaging in acts of self-government. It is the habit
that sustains the condition. Collective bargaining requires people to decide for
themselves the kind of people they will be, and to explain those choices.

Unions can produce other societal benefits as well. Recent studies show that
unionized workplaces are more productive than others. Recent research also
demonstrates that employee involvement programs and other workplace innovations
work best where they are jointly administered with a union. Collective
bargaining also provides the only alternative to the pervasive state regulation
of one of our primary social relationships - employment.

The warts of dysfunctional unions are well-known. But they should not be
permitted to obscure the important contributions that vital, democratic unions
can make to promoting the conditions necessary to authentic self-rule. It should
not be forgotten that the transformation of Central and Eastern Europe was led
by a trade union, or that the first thing a dictator does is to get rid of free
unions.

It is time to seriously re-evaluate the role unions play. The costs of
inattention are simply too high.

Thomas C. Kohler teaches labor law at Boston College Law School.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922540307

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              270 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PAGE ONE'S MISSING CHARACTERS;
A GREAT NEWSPAPER TOWN IS NOT WHAT IT ONCE WAS

BYLINE: David Brooks

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 740 words


Twenty-five years ago when I was in Chicago beginning my career, I used to go to
the Billy Goat Tavern to drink like a reporter. The Billy Goat -- half relic,
half tourist trap -- was under Michigan Avenue between The Tribune and The
Sun-Times. It had laminated articles, half-forgotten bylines and pictures of
dead reporters tacked all over the walls. I could sit and imagine I was
breathing the same air that had been inhaled by George Ade, Nelson Algren, Ben
Hecht, Theodore Dreiser, Eugene Field and Mike Royko.

The golden age of Chicago journalism was just then coming to an end, the long
tradition of urban realists who had treated Chicago the way Dickens had treated
London. Ade, Algren and the rest didn't make their names writing about the
city's leading figures. They filled their columns with stories about the
small-time grafters, hustlers, bar-stool philosophers and other eccentric
specimens they found in the working-class neighborhoods where many of them grew
up.

It's hard to imagine now, but in Chicago, even 20 years ago, the working class
was portrayed more vividly in the newspapers than the upscale consumer class,
and workers weren't depicted as members of the noble but oppressed proletariat
-- objects fit for genteel compassion. The old neighborhoods were portrayed
uncondescendingly, as scrambling menageries, where aspirations of lace-curtain
respectability competed with the hoodlum's ethic: Where's mine?

Reporters who covered this turf expected venality and took a connoisseur's
delight in tales of petty greed. Royko wrote a column about one of the city's
deputy coroners who was charging a line of visitors $5 each for a peek at a dead
gangster. A cop came across another coroner as he was huffing and puffing to get
a ring off a fresh corpse.

"Whadya think you're doing?" the cop asked.

The coroner was caught red-handed, so he turned to the cop and said
unblushingly, "OK, you can have the wristwatch."

Chicago came to define itself according to the deranged but lovable characters
it read about in the morning press. There never was a town so shaped by
journalism, or a better place to practice the trade. And the underlying message
of all these column inches was that human beings are selfish connivers, on the
make in ways big and small, and since the powerful have the capacity to grab
more than the powerless, they always have to be challenged and opposed.

Unlike the well-meaning goo-goos along the lakefront, the reporters didn't
believe the poor were nobler than the rich, they just practiced graft on a
smaller scale.

This week, I happened to stop in at the Billy Goat, which hasn't changed a bit
though the world above it is transformed. No American city has progressed as
much in the past two decades as Chicago. It's richer, cleaner, more livable,
more honest though less colorful than it was. The social conditions that
underlay the urban realist reporting of the old days no longer exist.

Chicago is no longer the city of broad shoulders but of cultural workers. The
newspaper-devouring working class no longer exists. The old neighborhoods are
not as cohesive (or insular). A Daley is still mayor, but the machine is gone.

There is no real working-class consciousness in popular culture today. The city
is now shaped by the suburbs. Slats Grobnik has given way to legions of grown-up
Ferris Buellers.

Most of all, there has been the great upscalization. In 1981, Royko moved from
his bungalow near Milwaukee Avenue to a high-rise along the lakefront, and that
was really the death-marker of the old style. America's cultural tone is no
longer set by aspiring working-class novelists who grew up above a tavern. It's
set by globally savvy college grads, who, even if they visit the Billy Goat from
time to time, see the world from a different vantage point.

What's changed Chicago has also changed journalism. Now journalism is the
subject of academic disciplines and panel discussions. Newspapers are more
cosmopolitan but less picturesque. Journalists are less novelistic and rely more
on studies, statistics and social science. Now even writing about poverty is
done from the perspective of the affluent educated class.

It's not completely wrong to say I went into journalism because of the ghosts I
thought I felt at the Billy Goat, but it turns out that I, a soft-drinking
college grad, was part of the wave of cultural change that buried what was
created there. We've progressed, for better and worse.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: David Brooks is a syndicated columnist for The New York Times.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              271 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

Page One's missing characters;
MEANWHILE

BYLINE: David Brooks

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Twenty-five years ago when I was in Chicago beginning my career, I used to go to
the Billy Goat Tavern to drink like a reporter. The Billy Goat half relic, half
tourist trap was under Michigan Avenue between The Tribune and The Sun-Times. It
had laminated articles, half-forgotten bylines and pictures of dead reporters
tacked all over the walls. I could sit and imagine I was breathing the same air
that had been inhaled by George Ade, Nelson Algren, Ben Hecht, Theodore Dreiser,
Eugene Field and Mike Royko.

The golden age of Chicago journalism was just then coming to an end, the long
tradition of urban realists who had treated Chicago the way Dickens had treated
London. Ade, Algren and the rest didn't make their names writing about the
city's leading figures. They filled their columns with stories about the
small-time grafters, hustlers, bar-stool philosophers and other eccentric
specimens they found in the working-class neighborhoods where many of them grew
up.

It's hard to imagine now, but in Chicago, even 20 years ago, the working class
was portrayed more vividly in the newspapers than the upscale consumer class,
and workers weren't depicted as members of the noble but oppressed proletariat
objects fit for genteel compassion. The old neighborhoods were portrayed
uncondescendingly, as scrambling menageries, where aspirations of lace-curtain
respectability competed with the hoodlum's ethic: Where's mine?

Reporters who covered this turf expected venality and took a connoisseur's
delight in tales of petty greed. Royko wrote a column about one of the city's
deputy coroners who was charging a line of visitors $5 each for a peek at a dead
gangster. A cop came across another coroner as he was huffing and puffing to get
a ring off a fresh corpse.

''Whadya think you're doing?'' the cop asked.

The coroner was caught red-handed, so he turned to the cop and said
unblushingly, ''OK, you can have the wristwatch.''

Chicago came to define itself according to the deranged but lovable characters
it read about in the morning press. There never was a town so shaped by
journalism, or a better place to practice the trade. And the underlying message
of all these column inches was that human beings are selfish connivers, on the
make in ways big and small, and since the powerful have the capacity to grab
more than the powerless, they always have to be challenged and opposed.

Unlike the well-meaning goo-goos along the lakefront, the reporters didn't
believe the poor were nobler than the rich, they just practiced graft on a
smaller scale.

This week, I happened to stop in at the Billy Goat, which hasn't changed a bit
though the world above it is transformed. No American city has progressed as
much in the past two decades as Chicago. It's richer, cleaner, more livable,
more honest though less colorful than it was. The social conditions that
underlay the urban realist reporting of the old days no longer exist.

Chicago is no longer the city of broad shoulders but of cultural workers. The
newspaper-devouring working class no longer exists. The old neighborhoods are
not as cohesive (or insular). A Daley is still mayor, but the machine is gone.

There is no real working-class consciousness in popular culture today. The city
is now shaped by the suburbs. Slats Grobnik has given way to legions of grown-up
Ferris Buellers.

Most of all, there has been the great upscalization. In 1981, Royko moved from
his bungalow near Milwaukee Avenue to a high-rise along the lakefront, and that
was really the death-marker of the old style. America's cultural tone is no
longer set by aspiring working-class novelists who grew up above a tavern. It's
set by globally savvy college grads, who, even if they visit the Billy Goat from
time to time, see the world from a different vantage point.

What's changed Chicago has also changed journalism. Now journalism is the
subject of academic disciplines and panel discussions. Newspapers are more
cosmopolitan but less picturesque. Journalists are less novelistic and rely more
on studies, statistics and social science. Now even writing about poverty is
done from the perspective of the affluent educated class.

It's not completely wrong to say I went into journalism because of the ghosts I
thought I felt at the Billy Goat, but it turns out that I, a soft-drinking
college grad, was part of the wave of cultural change that buried what was
created there. We've progressed, for better and worse.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Page One's Missing Characters

BYLINE: By DAVID BROOKS

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 746 words

DATELINE: Chicago


Twenty-five years ago when I was in Chicago beginning my career, I used to go to
the Billy Goat Tavern to drink like a reporter. The Billy Goat -- half relic,
half tourist trap -- was under Michigan Avenue between The Tribune and The
Sun-Times. It had laminated articles, half-forgotten bylines, and pictures of
dead reporters tacked all over the walls. I could sit and imagine I was
breathing the same air that had been inhaled by George Ade, Nelson Algren, Ben
Hecht, Theodore Dreiser, Eugene Field and Mike Royko.

The golden age of Chicago journalism was just then coming to an end, the long
tradition of urban realists who had treated Chicago the way Dickens had treated
London. Ade, Algren and the rest didn't make their names writing about the
city's leading figures. They filled their columns with stories about the
small-time grafters, hustlers, bar-stool philosophers and other eccentric
specimens they found in the working-class neighborhoods where many of them grew
up.

It's hard to imagine now, but in Chicago, even 20 years ago, the working class
was portrayed more vividly in the newspapers than the upscale consumer class,
and workers weren't depicted as members of the noble but oppressed proletariat
-- objects fit for genteel compassion. The old neighborhoods were portrayed
uncondescendingly, as scrambling menageries, where aspirations of lace-curtain
respectability competed with the hoodlum's ethic: where's mine?

Reporters who covered this turf expected venality and took a connoisseur's
delight in tales of petty greed. Royko wrote a column about one of the city's
deputy coroners who was charging a line of visitors $5 each for a peek at a dead
gangster. A cop came across another coroner as he was huffing and puffing to get
a ring off a fresh corpse.

''Whadya think you're doing?'' the cop asked.

The coroner was caught red-handed, so he turned to the cop and said
unblushingly, ''O.K., you can have the wristwatch.''

Chicago came to define itself according to the deranged but lovable characters
it read about in the morning press. There never was a town so shaped by
journalism, or a better place to practice the trade. And the underlying message
of all these column inches was that human beings are selfish connivers, on the
make in ways big and small, and since the powerful have the capacity to grab
more than the powerless, they always have to be challenged and opposed.

Unlike the well-meaning goo-goos along the lakefront, the reporters didn't
believe the poor were nobler than the rich, they just practiced graft on a
smaller scale.

This week, I happened to stop in at the Billy Goat, which hasn't changed a bit
though the world above it is transformed. No American city has progressed as
much in the past two decades as Chicago. It's richer, cleaner, more livable,
more honest though less colorful than it was. The social conditions that
underlay the urban realist reporting of the old days no longer exist.

Chicago is no longer the city of broad shoulders but of cultural workers. The
newspaper-devouring working class no longer exists. The old neighborhoods are
not as cohesive (or insular). A Daley is still mayor, but the machine is gone.

There is no real working-class consciousness in popular culture today. The city
is now shaped by the suburbs. Slats Grobnik has given way to legions of grown-up
Ferris Buellers.

Most of all, there has been the great upscalization. In 1981, Royko moved from
his bungalow near Milwaukee Avenue to a high-rise along the lakefront, and that
was really the death-marker of the old style. America's cultural tone is no
longer set by aspiring working-class novelists who grew up above a tavern. It's
set by globally savvy college grads, who, even if they visit the Billy Goat from
time to time, see the world from a different vantage point.

What's changed Chicago has also changed journalism. Now journalism is the
subject of academic disciplines and panel discussions. Newspapers are more
cosmopolitan but less picturesque. Journalists are less novelistic and rely more
on studies, statistics and social science. Now even writing about poverty is
done from the perspective of the affluent educated class.

It's not completely wrong to say I went into journalism because of the ghosts I
thought I felt at the Billy Goat, but it turns out that I, a soft-drinking
college grad, was part of the wave of cultural change that buried what was
created there. We've progressed, for better and worse.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              273 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 23, 2000 Saturday

'It feels great to have chops';
With his expressive face and comic timing, veteran actor;
William H. Macy is in high demand. And at 50, he's gained;
enough experience that nothing fazes him. 'It's so gratifying;
to come up against a situation and to think, yeah, I've been;
here before and I know what to do'

BYLINE: BOB STRAUSS, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: SATURDAY; Pg. R7

LENGTH: 1520 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


As skyrocketing star salaries and special-effects spectacles have increasingly
devoured movie-making resources over the past several decades, that
once-sterling example of dedicated Hollywood craft, the character actor, has
become a more and more marginalized commodity.

Except in a few shining cases. Cases like William H. Macy's. At 50, the
Chicago-trained stage veteran has more work than he wants, and the opportunities
keep getting better.

Blessed with an expressive everyman face, a versatile repertoire of
chameleon-like emotions, crack comic timing and blisteringly sharp intelligence,
Macy moves, seamlessly and busily, from small screen (ER, Sports Night,the cable
movie A Slight Case of Murder,which he also co-wrote) to the really large (he's
currently making Jurassic Park 3 with Tea Leoni and Sam Neill) to London's West
End, where earlier this year he headlined a revival of American Buffalo,one of
many David Mamet plays he helped originate.

And the film work has been, well, voluminous. Fargo (which garnered an Oscar
nomination); Happy, Texas; Pleasantville; Civil Action; Air Force One; Mr.
Holland's Opus; Searching for Bobby Fisher;Mamet's Things Change, Oleanna, House
of Games, Homicide and Wag the Dog;Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights and
Magnolia . . . a more impressive and diverse filmography would be hard to find.

All of which makes Macy the perfect guy to play, ahem, a scheming, backstabbing
dissembler of a film director in mentor Mamet's latest acid satire of American
duplicity, State and Main, which opened yesterday across Canada.

When budget considerations drive the production of a movie called The Old Mill
out of New Hampshire into a cheaper, equally picturesque (albeit mill-less)
hamlet in neighbouring Vermont, Hollywood venality and smalltown greed collide
head-on.

Macy's desperate filmmaker, Walt Price, will torture any truth, ignore any ethic
and convince himself of any rationalization that will bring his problem-plagued
production in. And he has plenty of opportunities to practise his finely honed
moral relativism, what with a leading man who has a thing for underage girls
(Alec Baldwin), a bimbo actress who suddenly gets religion and refuses to do the
nude scene (Sarah Jessica Parker) and a
playwright-turned-first-time-screenwriter who discovers his true conscience at
the most inopportune of moments (Philip Seymour Hoffman).

And those are just the people who are on Walt's side.

"I didn't base him on one director I'd worked with in particular," notes Macy,
looking sharp in a light grey suit, silk,patterned tie and bushy brown
moustache.

"I wish I had, it would make a great story. But Dave writes great - everything I
needed was on the page. I love characters who have one objective, I like people
who are monomaniacal about getting one thing done. And this director has one
objective, which is - get the shot, get the film going. And it's as true as can
be. I've never seen any human being more focused than a director trying to
direct a movie, especially one that's going south on him. World War Three could
break out and he'd still get the shot. His family could be trapped in a burning
building and he would get the shot before he'd go put the fire out."

One director that the wittily portrayed, yet humourlessly single-minded Walt was
not based on is Mamet. Considered by many the great American playwright of his
generation, he's collaborated with, and been the major influence on Macy for
more than 25 years. And even though Mamet is justly famous for creating
eloquently foul-mouthed characters stressed to their breaking points, his stages
and film sets are, according to Macy, supportive and fun-filled places to be.

Depending on your sense of humour.

"When Dave calls, you've got to do his work - after you ask, 'How much will I
get paid?,' " Macy cracks. "First of all, he's the funnest guy in the world to
work with. He shoots a gag reel as he goes along - just loves fun and games on
the set. Some of them are vicious and cold, but they're always funny if you're
not the brunt of them.

"And he really taught me everything I know. He was my teacher at Goddard College
back in the seventies. He taught me my technique - I feel like I'm a pretty
strong technique kind of actor - but more than that, he gave me an aesthetic.
And even more than that, he gave me a philosophy on acting. He was the first guy
who told me that it was an honourable profession. He gave the theatre a
perspective in our lives that made it more than just Hollywood, that made it a
bit of a calling. That's held me in good stead.

"One of the toughest things in this business is knowing what the target is.
Acting is hard and everybody wants to do a good job, but a lot of actors don't
know what they're shooting for. You can go wildly awry trying to figure out
what's required of you, and a lot of actors think it's to feel things. It's not
to feel anything - who cares? - it's to do things. Dave really handed me a
career by teaching me how to act like that."

Of course, State and Main is about precisely the opposite approach to the craft.
In that, it is far from original. Mamet himself targeted Tinseltown vanity in
his earlier play Speed-the-Plow. So, too, do several new films and television
shows every year - and often for the almost exclusive amusement of a
showbiz-savvy niche audience. But Macy, as he always has, finds endless merit in
his friend's latest work.

"I laughed out loud, and I think I have pretty catholic tastes," he says of
State and Main. "I don't think it's necessarily just about Hollywood because
some of the Vermonters are every bit as venal as the Hollywood guys. The whole
idea of taking two disparate cultures and just having them collide head-on is
bigger than just telling a Hollywood story. I mean, there's some inside jokes,
but so many of them are not."

While there is certainly a personal element involved, Macy's championing of
Mamet does not mean he lacks critical perspective. He knows when something he's
participating in doesn't work, such as Gus Van Sant's shot-by-shot remake of
Psycho a few years back.

"That was a bad idea," Macy acknowledges. "It was a non-idea; I don't know why
we did it. I think everyone was waiting for the other shoe to drop, that Gus was
somehow going to add that one little thing that would make us all go, 'Aha, he's
a genius!' But that shoe never dropped."

For the most part, though, Macy is understandably thrilled with the work he's
doing. Even the Jurassic sequel, the kind of film that throws serious actors
into the maw of dazzling technology, has him excited.

"Truthfully, I've never done one of these and I've always wanted to. I don't
know if I'd want to make a career out of it, but it's kind of astounding to
watch this stuff.

"It's real moviemaking; I mean, this is Hollywood with a capital Holly. The sets
boggle the mind. There was one set . . . phenomenal, I couldn't believe how
great it looked. Shot only for four days, and then they tore it down.

"That's what I love about this business," he says, eyes twinkling. "That 75
people will spend $7-million to build something that we only use for four days.
I just love that; it's literally building dreams in sand. It's the best; it's
just the best."

Once again, we ask to be reminded if there's anything Macy doesn't like about
the business.

"Yeah. Everything I just said has the other side to it, y'know? Seven-million
and they tore it down after four days - what kind of a world is this?"

Truth to tell, Macy is actually complaining a lot these days about work taking
him away from home. But he has a good reason to do so: He and his wife, actress
Felicity Huffman, had their first child, Sofia Grace, in August.

After the Jurassic shoot is over, he hopes to spend more time with the baby and
pursue his second love, writing. With another longtime collaborator, Steven
Schachter (they founded Chicago's St. Nicholas Theater together in 1972), Macy
has a series pilot in development at CBS that, if all goes according to plan,
Huffman will be starring in.

But it's doubtful that William H. Macy will be staying behind the scenes for
very long. After all, everybody seems to want him. And he really is at a point
in his career when acting feels better than ever.

"Y'know, there's a thing called chops," Macy explains. "You can't learn 'em and
you can't buy 'em, you've just gotta live through them. When I was a young actor
in Chicago, they would hire all these guys from New York. Some of them were
relatively pedestrian actors, but they all had chops. And boy, don't mess with
them on stage, because they knew the house, they knew the play, they knew the
audience and they had their tricks. They were daunting presences and I always
loved that about them.

"And now that I'm 50 years old, it's so gratifying, I can't tell you, to come up
against a situation and to think, yeah, I've been here before and I know what to
do. And it's particularly great because now, so many times, I'm one of the older
people in the cast. And when I see the younger people freaking out, it feels
great to have chops."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            February 7, 2000, Monday

THE MAIN EVENT: MAMET BRINGS CORPORATE CRIMINALS ALIVE

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 566 words


AMERICAN BUFFALO DONMAR WAREHOUSE LONDON

Theatre

THREE PETTY hoodlums holed up in a junk shop planning a minor robbery that never
comes off: David Mamet certainly can't be accused of piling on the glamour in
his 1975 classic, American Buffalo. In Neil Pepe's excellent production -
imported to the Donmar Warehouse from New York's Atlantic Theatre - the
cluttered claustrophobia of the shop boasts some witty touches.

Particularly telling is the grandfather clock which, in the absence of any hands
of its own, has a dummy human fist lying across the bottom of its blank face.
Like the imaginary broken watch that at one point plays a farcical part in the
proceedings, this useless timepiece sums up the trio's talents for the
synchronised heist.

This is the first Mamet drama to surface at the Donmar since Sam Mendes'
trenchant mid-Nineties production of Glengarry Glen Ross, his pitch-black comedy
set among real estate sharks. Mamet's indictment of the American business ethic
- that it is illusion to suppose there is any difference between the morality of
corporate capitalism and of the criminal underworld - is presented, more
amusingly, from the opposite perspective of low-life venality in the earlier
American Buffalo.

The fertile, expletive-splattered comedy arises not just from the yawning gap
between aspiration and dismal achievement as the three characters - Don, the
junk- shop owner; Bobby, the young teenager he has befriended; and their crony,
Teach - bungle their plot to steal a coin collection from the guy who
outmanoeuvered Don in a business transaction.

The pointed joke is the solemn piety with which the two older crooks dress up
their little schemes in the sanctimonious cant of supposedly respectable big
business, making you see that the unflattering comparison work both ways.
William H Macy's wonderfully funny performance as Teach drives that point home
in style. He sounds like a sonorous, spuriously sincere voice-over on an ad for
the Republican Party and the good old American way; he looks, with his slick
-backed, cut-price dapperness and ridiculously natty moustache, like a failed
used car salesman. And underneath his humourless know-all swagger, there is an
ignorant, raging insecurity which erupts in furioustirades which, brilliantly
timed by Macy, have an elaborate illogicallity that is almost baroque. The
running joke of his resentment against an offstage character, Ruthie, climaxes
in his calling her a "dyke cocksucker" - a versatile lady, evidently.

Mamet's rhythms of bluff and bravado are conveyed superbly by the three actors.
Forever yanking up his trousers over his little paunch in an attempted gesture
of manly assertion, Philip Baker Hall captures both the well- meaning, would-be
paternal side of Don and the ugly suggestibility that makes him a prey to
Teach's lies and innuendoes.

The play ends on a tentatively positive note when Don makes a point of praising
the young man whom the jealous Teach has been trying to oust: Mark Webber's
beautifully acted Bobby, an innocent-looking waif, too slow and too decent to
keep up with the not-so-big boys. This fine production is an auspicious start to
London's mini -Mamet retrospective, which will continue shortly with his acrid
play about Hollywood producers, Speed- the-Plow.

A version of this review appeared in later editions of Friday's paper

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William H Macy gives a bravura performance as the foul-mouthed; Teach
Geraint Lewis

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd


                              275 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 16, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Soviet Trade Is Rated High in U.S.

BYLINE: By CLYDE H. FARNSWORTH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 15


The Soviet Union gets high marks as a trading partner in a survey of American
companies that do business there.

Although selling to the Russians requires a greater marketing effort than with
other customers, according to the companies, more than half of them rated the
Soviet Union in the top half of their foreign clientele. Eighty-seven percent of
the 106 respondents, all major multinational corporations, said they wanted to
continue doing business with the Soviet Union.

''It is a challenge to get products established,'' said an unnamed machine
company executive quoted in the survey by two University of Delaware political
scientists. ''Once established, repeat orders are relatively easy.''

The survey, to be published in a special issue of Columbia University's Journal
of World Business this summer, undercuts a popular perception that Russians are
bad business partners because of the poor state of their nation's economy.

The Russians earned their highest grades in reliability. Only five companies
encountered failure to meet agreements, and two attributed it to inefficiency
rather than venality.

The Delaware professors, James L. Hecht and James K. Oliver, noted that the
relatively favorable corporate experience came during a period of political
tensions and significant trade barriers. They suggested that trade could expand
strikingly if relations improve following disarmament treaties and other
understandings between the two Governments.

This view is also held by several senior Reagan Administration officials,
including Secretary of State George P. Shultz and Commerce Secretary C. William
Verity Jr. The findings are being published against a background of mounting
debate in both countries about economic restructuring in the Soviet Union under
Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader. The findings come just two weeks before
Mr. Gorbachev and President Reagan are due to meet in Moscow to exchange
instruments of ratification on a treaty governing intermediate-range nuclear
forces.

''We believe that a compelling case can be made that there is a reasonable
chance that the Soviet Union will prosper in the first half of the 21st century
and become a major trading nation consistent with its position as the world's
second-largest economy,'' the two professors wrote.

They said that if the Soviet Union becomes a major trading power and if for
political reasons the United States does not fully participate in Soviet trade,
American companies would be at a disadvantage in the international economy of
the future.

The loss to the American economy could be far greater than just the dollars
involved in Soviet trade, they said, explaining that the capture of a large
Soviet market could make the difference between success and failure for a new
product competing against similar products offered by companies of other
countries.

Pattern of 2-Way Trade

Last year's two-way trade totaled $1.94 billion, only $100 million above the
year before and less than half the 1979 volume. Most of the trade comes from
American agricultural sales, giving the United States a surplus. The Soviet
Union is one of the few countries running a deficit in trade with the United
States.

The survey shows that many leading American companies remain eager to do
business with the Soviet Union despite bureaucratic obstacles there and barriers
imposed by Washington because of Mocow's refusal to permit free emigration.

Two months ago, at a meeting of nearly 500 American corporate leaders in Moscow,
several members of the group formed the American Trade Consortium to try to
overcome the statutory and bureaucratic obstacles. The members include Eastman
Kodak, RJR Nabisco, Johnson & Johnson, Ford Motor, Archer-Daniels-Midland and
Chevron.

The Delaware study is unusual because it used data from companies actually
involved in Soviet trade or joint ventures. The report comes at a time when some
members of Congress are expressing concern over the rising level of Western
banks' loans to the Soviet Union and are trying to get the Administration to do
something about it. The chances of action appear slim, however.

Wary View of Lawmakers

Such loans reflect the Russians' need for hard currencies to buy Western
machinery and technology to modernize their economy. But some Washington
lawmakers have expressed fear that the money could be used to bolster the Soviet
military and make Moscow an even more formidable adversary.

The lawmakers noted reports from Frankfurt that the Deutsche Bank, West
Germany's largest commercial bank, has proposed a $2.1 billion line of credit to
the Soviet Union. The loan is supposed to be used for modernizing consumer goods
industries, but the lawmakers view it as part of a rising supply of untied
credits that could be tapped by the Soviet military.

According to Roger W. Robinson Jr., former senior director for international
economic affairs at the National Security Council, about 80 percent of the $24
billion in medium-term Western commercial bank loans made to Soviet-bloc
borrowers in 1986 was in the form of untied cash credits. Figures for 1987 are
not yet available, but he believes they are still higher.

U.S. Participation Low

The American portion of such loans is only about 2 percent. Most of the money
comes from Japanese and West German banks.

Wilhelm Christians, joint chief executive of the Deutsche Bank, rejected
criticism of the loan in Frankfurt, where he said it indicated Moscow's renewed
readiness to work out big projects with Western companies, underlining its wish
to improve its industrial structure.

The conflict between those opposed to trade and financial credits for the
Russians and those in favor was summed up by Senator Timothy E. Wirth, Democrat
of Colorado: ''Do we want to deal with a fat Russian or a thin Russian?''

In the Delaware survey, replies were received from 238 of 331 companies
initially polled. Of these, 106 had Soviet trade experience and completed the
questionnaire.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              276 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              July 3, 2005, Sunday

Angling at immortality

BYLINE: Shane O'Toole

SECTION: Features; Eire Culture 10

LENGTH: 1153 words


Cork is the temporary home of an early work of the ultra-ambitious architect
Daniel Libeskind, writes SHANE O'TOOLE

In his book The Edifice Complex, the British critic Deyan Sudjic identifies some
of the qualities required to reach the top of architecture's greasy pole:
venality, opportunism, egomania, self-delusion, a vacuous manifesto and an
insatiable appetite for sycophancy. Over the top, perhaps, but there's more than
a grain of truth in it. There is a dark side to architecture. Daniel Libeskind
may not be guilty of the excesses Sudjic identifies, but the superstar of world
architecture does sometimes lose himself.

The most recent incident was 10 days ago, when the master planner of the World
Trade Center site was invited to write an op-ed piece about the troubled
development for The New York Times. "It took 12 years for the Jewish Museum I
designed in Berlin to open to the public," he wrote. "A few hours later it had
to close. The date: Tuesday, September 11, 2001. That jarring confluence of
events not only pre-dated but also presaged my role in rebuilding ground zero."

In less than four years, celebrity and hubris have exacted their toll from one
of the great talents thrown up by architecture. The world appears to revolve
around Libeskind these days, just as the US State Department's first
architectural goodwill ambassador seems endlessly to circumnavigate the globe
with Nina, his wife and business partner.

When he's not in the air, he's on Oprah or posing for magazine features. It is
no wonder the voluble author of a mere handful of buildings -and one undoubted
masterpiece, in Berlin -is in danger of becoming a caricature.

When the compact genius came to Cork in early May, he provided one of the
highlights of the European capital of culture programme. The tickets for his
Memory Foundation lecture were snapped up in less than 24 hours.

"Architecture," he said in his lecture, "is much closer to the profession of
storytelling than to plumbing. It's a communicative art: every building tells a
story."

At the end of his show he punched the air, imitating the Statue of Liberty, the
inspiration for his "inviolable" 1,776ft-high Freedom Tower. "Symbols matter,"
he said, "whether it's the slurry wall, the Wedge of Light Plaza or the luminous
Freedom Tower. The quality of what we achieve at ground zero will define the New
York skyline and give shape to our aspirations and dreams." It is a vision that
long ago slipped from his control.

He was on surer ground describing his plans for Denver, Milan and Dublin where
his dramatic Grand Canal performing arts centre and galleria in Docklands is a
case of third time lucky, after previously losing out in the architectural
competitions for the National Gallery extension and the redevelopment of
Carlisle Pier in Dun Laoghaire.

But he did not mention his first completed Irish building, the Eighteen Turns
pavilion at Fota House in Cork, which had been unveiled earlier that day. Why
not? For someone whose life's work has been obsessed with memory, it was a
curious omission. It could hardly be forgetfulness.

Perhaps it was simply a case of deja vu for someone who declares on his website
(which surprisingly also makes no reference to Eighteen Turns) that architecture
is "the ever non-repeatable and optimistic act of construction"?

We should go back to the months before 9/11 and the opening of the Jewish Museum
in Berlin. Early in 2001, the Serpentine Gallery in London invited Libeskind and
Arup engineers to create a temporary structure sited on the gallery's lawn,
continuing the series of architectural commissions for summer pavilions from
leading architects who have never built in Britain.

According to Julia Peyton-Jones, the gallery's director: "What we do at the
Serpentine is to display objects and the pavilion becomes a super-sized object,
something bite-sized, temporary, that lingers in the imagination but which
physically disappears. It functions as a cafe, and if people don't like it, it's
not a problem because they know there'll be another one along next year." At
summer's end, each pavilion is sold by the estate agents Knight Frank.

Eighteen Turns, now in Fota, took four months to design and build and was
conceived by Libeskind as an origami-like "playful figure that weaves and
stretches obliquely across space". The folding, spiralling, aluminium-clad
pavilion was popular with the public from June until September 2001, hosting
debates on urban design, BBC Proms poetry readings and a cafe run by Food
Theatre.

Described as an architectural hors d'oeuvre, it was a simplified, perhaps more
elegant version of the spiral device he was attempting -unsuccessfully -to push
through for the extension to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. It was
his last project before fame intervened.

"Each of the four interlocking sections of the structure is made from three
panels attached to the floor base to form a complete unit," Libeskind explained.
"The first panel rises from ground level, forming a natural arch, and 'folds'
into the next section, which 'folds' into the next and so on.

"The structure, with walls, floor and roof, creates a continuous spiral that
moves across the ground creating labyrinths and viewing panels from within the
structure."

The structure is a shimmering, three-dimensional puzzle that measures 35m by 18m
and rises 7m. It is a curious object that hovers between architecture and
non-architecture, offering the minimum of functionality to support people's
activities while having none of the usual elements -columns, doors, windows -
associated with buildings.

John Keogan, a Dublin architect, knew who had bought Eighteen Turns and where it
was warehoused in England. When he heard that Cork had been chosen as European
capital of culture 2005, he secured the agreement of the new owner to make the
pavilion available. He subsequently project managed its re-erection on behalf of
Cork 2005 and recommended that Libeskind should be invited to lecture in Cork.

Keogan brought the Serpentine team together again:

Studio Daniel Libeskind, Arup and the specialist fabricator, Sheetfabs of
Nottingham. There is not a right angle in sight because, as Libeskind asks:
"When there are 359 other angles, why get hung up on just one?"

He opened his recent New York Times plea by saying: "Sometimes it seems that the
most important quality an architect can possess is optimism." He is right. Go
and see the optimistic Eighteen Turns, preferably during the summer, before it
disappears. It offers the visitor something rare and simple: the unadulterated
enjoyment of form, space and materials. And it is free. Eighteen Turns may leave
no lasting physical impact in Cork, but it is guaranteed to linger long and
pleasurably in the memory.

www.daniel-libeskind.com The architect's quirky official site


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Architecture

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              277 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 13, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

FILM;
Real Politics in a Celluloid City

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section 2; Page 13; Column 1; Arts & Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1678 words


A big-city mayor is secretly filmed in a hotel room snorting cocaine with a
woman who is not his wife. Another mayor, grasping at the last spoils before his
political machine collapses, is guilty of complicity in the death by arson of
two squatters whose makeshift home stood in the way of a lucrative land deal.

Given the seemingly boundless greed and venality that periodically mar American
politics, art faces stiff competition trying to imitate, much less outdo, life.
The cocaine incident really happened. The corrupt land deal is the crux of "City
of Hope," the John Sayles film that opened Friday.

"City of Hope" weaves together disparate plots, glossing over some and depicting
others perhaps too simplistically. But measured against reality as defined by
today's headlines, the film is strikingly accurate in its portrayal of events
and, more significantly, of the personal motivations that inspire them.

The film explores some troubling truths. Those truths are personified by Nick
(Vincent Spano), the son of a well-connected contractor (Tony Lo Bianco) who
fights to escape the political system that enriched his father. (That same
political system can rationalize murder to advance its agenda.)

Another totemic figure is Wynn (Joe Morton), a black city councilman who resists
the mayor's entreaties to get along by going along, forges a tenuous alliance
with black militants and wrestles to reconcile conscience and ambition as he
fights his way into the system. The wavering needle of Wynn's moral compass
veers further when two black teen-agers mug a white professor, touching off a
chain of events that evokes the Tawana Brawley hoax.

"City of Hope," which Mr. Sayles wrote, directed and edited and in which he
plays Carl, a nefarious fixer, echoes a theme of lost innocence that
reverberates through his previous films, including "Matewan" and "Eight Men
Out." In the latest one, Mr. Sayles has produced a bleak portrait of ethnic
succession in a generic "changing city" in New Jersey where, he says, "the
population has changed, but the politics hasn't." The film pits the remnants of
an Irish and Italian political machine against a coalition of black and Hispanic
political novices. The newcomers are struggling to find their voice and, having
found it, to force the city's white establishment to listen.

Events surrounding the proposed land deal, immodestly dubbed Galaxy Towers,
provide the nexus at which raw greed, organized crime, grass-roots community
advocacy, power, passion and racial tension intersect. Mayor Baci (Louis Zorich)
of Mr. Sayles's fictional Hudson City hasn't gone to jail only because he hasn't
got caught.

Some of the film's sleazebags may seem too bad to be true. But Mr. Sayles says
that his political friends disagree: "The only things they didn't believe," he
says, "were the positive things."

Like the director's previous films, "City of Hope" stretches members of a
community to their limits as they confront almost as many mini-crises as
punctuate an Arthur Hailey novel. And like politics itself, the movie is largely
about compromises rather than profiles in courage.

In many ways, "City of Hope" is a gritty composite of "Goodfellas" and "The Last
Hurrah," the 1958 film about Boston politics directed by John Ford. Interspersed
are dozens of characters who connect in an incestuous web: Joe, the successful
contractor being squeezed by the mayor and the mob; Joe's foundering son Nick
and Nick's pals, Bobby and Zip; Asteroid, the homeless man who mindlessly mouths
slogans from television commercials; Levonne and Malik, the local black
community organizers.

These individuals are as vivid as the Congressmen who were conned by Federal
agents posing as Arab sheiks and as unabashed as the Rev. Al Sharpton, who has
been accused of exploiting racial incidents for political purposes.

Despite its title, moments of moral enlightenment are in short supply in a film
whose characters would feel at home in most city halls. "You don't put in time,
Gus," an official chides a goof-off city inspector. "How can you put in over
time?"

When the councilman seeks a menial job for his brother-in-law from an
influential businessman, the merchant replies, Godfather-like: "You're my
representative on the council -- someday I got a matter that needs representing
-- quid pro quo."

Two women meander through "City of Hope" periodically whining about a school
system that teaches English as a second language and about the police being
handcuffed. They reflect Mr. Sayles's concern about eroding confidence in
government and the declining political support for America's cities.

Before settling part-time in historically corrupt Hudson County, Mr. Sayles
lived up the Hudson River in Albany, where the county Democratic machine, led
for decades by Dan O'Connell, had the grace to install a patrician, Erastus
Corning 2d, as Mayor. Mayor Baci, however, was modeled more on Mr. O'Connell and
colorful Jersey City Mayors like the legendary Frank Hague or the incumbent,
Gerald McCann.

When Mr. Sayles was conducting a reality check on his screenplay last year by
scanning the political blotter in The Jersey Journal and the now-defunct Hudson
Dispatch, confirmation came quickly: a mayor went to jail; the son of another
politician was charged with drunken driving; a construction union boss was
indicted; a rally was called to protest police brutality. "Every day," Mr.
Sayles recalls, "there were headlines right out of the movie." (Mr. McCann, the
Mayor of Jersey City, where Mr. Sayles monitored council meetings as part of his
research, was not indicted until after the film was completed -- for mail, wire
and bank fraud in connection with a hotel and marina project.)

In "The Last Hurrah," Frank Skeffington, the fictional anti-hero played by
Spencer Tracy, acknowledged his shortcomings only in a deathbed confession when
a loyal ward boss whispered: "You've done grand things. Grand, grand things." To
which Skeffington replied: "Among others."

Mayor Baci evokes no such ambivalence. Nor does he demonstrate any self-doubt.
Surveying the spoils within his grasp, he confides to Joe: "We take care of our
own. That's natural. The next couple years in this town is gonna be one big yard
sale, and then anybody with half a brain makes tracks and lets the blacks and
Spanish duke it out over whatever's left." Then it will be their turn.

"Ninety years ago, the Irish ran this town," he says reflectively. "Now I run
the place. America, huh?"

One consequence of indiscretions by party bosses of the past is that standards
and scrutiny by the media and by government monitors have become more rigorous.
The film ignores the media's sometimes erratic performance as public watchdogs,
which is related to the public's even more erratic appetite for government
reporting. (A credo of local television news: "If it bleeds, it leads.")

The film touches on another manifestation of media influence: a local black
newspaper's political agenda. Also, in one revealing reminder that no group can
claim ethical superiority, Errol, the retired black mayor, concedes that he had
covered up corruption in the final days of his own administration "because we'd
lose more ground by cleaning house in public than by sweeping it under the
carpet."

The overarching theme of "City of Hope" is less the last fling of the old party
machine than the ethical questions posed by the lurching birth of a new one:
when does compromise become the first step on an inexorable path to corruption?
The white liberal who deserts Wynn and a Hispanic councilwoman to oppose the
school bond issue whispers a convenient rationalization: "So we'll lose 7-to-2
instead of 6-to-3 like we always do."

Wynn insistently tells Errol that "if we're going to take power we have to take
responsibility, too." Wynn's most profound moral quandary is prompted by the
reflexive exploitation of a mugging. When Wynn's wife asks whether he believes
that the white victim provoked the attack with a homosexual overture, as the
muggers claim, Wynn replies: "Politically speaking, that doesn't really matter."

Caught amid conscience and ambition, Wynn grapples with the kind of ethical
dilemma that real-life politicians are forced to confront. Between a
rationalization and a lame excuse lies a political mine field that cynics can
navigate by invoking a largely insincere defense: if the ends don't justify the
means, what does?

"A true believer can be just as dangerous as a total cynic," Mr. Sayles says.
"Cynical would have been Wynn knowing what happened and supporting the boys
anyway. Heroic would be saying, 'I don't believe it and no way I can pursue it.'
He finds a third way to harness that energy."

At the film's surreal finale, Nick, the contractor's troubled son, "hasn't
turned into Mario Cuomo," Mr. Sayles says, "but he at least realizes the
negatives of the old way of you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours." While
Nick and a few others inspire a modicum of hope, Mayor Baci provides the irony.
He is the only protagonist to actually speak the title phrase -- "With your
help, we will once more be a city with a future, a city on the move, truly, a
city of hope," he proclaims, as angry advocates for the poor burst uninvited
into a banquet hall, in a confrontation more realistic than the one recounted in
"The Bonfire of the Vanities."

The film is open-ended, Mr. Sayles says, precisely because in politics, "not
only don't you ever start from scratch, you never win." Rather, politics is a
continuum consisting of one struggle after another.

"City of Hope" was filmed through a wide-angle lens, which gives viewers an
advantage over political reporters: the camera suggests the comings and goings
of the protagonists, sometimes before even they realize that they are falling or
rising as a result of their ambitions.

"Heroism in movies is generally not about compromise," Mr. Sayles says. Heroism
in politics, rarer still, is often about knowing when to compromise and when not
to.

NAME: John Sayles

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Todd Graf, Jace Alexander and Vincent Spano in the film--"The
population has changed, but the politics hasn't," the director says. (Samuel
Goldwyn) (pg. 13); John Sayles, who directed, wrote, edited and appears in "City
of Hope"--concerned about eroding confidence in government (Marilynn K. Yee/The
New York Times) (pg. 18)

TYPE: Biography; Review

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              278 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 30, 2005 Friday

Return of the sitcom anti-hero

BYLINE: Warren Clements

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW 7; staying in: DVDs; Pg. R29

LENGTH: 1101 words


Situation comedies may have irascible main characters, but it's rare for the
hero to be totally irredeemable. Say hello to Buffalo Bill Bittinger, the
superficially charming host of a local talk show on WBFL-TV in Buffalo, N.Y. As
played superbly by Dabney Coleman on the 1983-84 series Buffalo Bill, now
available as Buffalo Bill: The Complete First and Second Seasons, Bill is a
study in venality. His smile is fake, his bonhomie is manufactured and the glint
in his eye would put a pirate to shame. In one episode, he drives away the only
person at the station who actually likes him. Show director Jo-Jo (Joanna
Cassidy) and general manager Karl (Max Wright, later the harried father in the
alien-puppet sitcom ALF) implore Bill to apologize for his abuse. "Jo-Jo," Bill
retorts, "taking abuse is part of this job, and I think it's setting a very
dangerous precedent if we allow the staff to dictate what kind of abuse they
will and will not accept from me."

Geena Davis, five years before she won her best-supporting Oscar for The
Accidental Tourist, plays Wendy, the novice researcher hired to educate Bill
about the people he interviews. It's a losing game. He doesn't care who the
guests are. He libels them or accidentally injures them. His chief concerns are
(a) how his hair looks, (b) whether any attractive woman, including Jo-Jo and
Wendy, will go to bed with him, preferably that night, and (c) whether he can
land a network job.

The sole shortcoming in the Buffalo Bill DVD set, aside from its availability
only as a U.S. import (Lions Gate Home Entertainment), is an overactive laugh
track. By contrast, The Complete Ripping Yarns, an Acorn Media set compiling the
BBC parodies by Monty Python's Michael Palin and Terry Jones, targeting Tom
Brown's School Days and murder mysteries set on the moors, includes an option to
turn off the laughter. Viewers remain free to substitute their own.

The drawback to the DVD of The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D, a
film that was savaged by most critics, is that the presentation falls short of
the ideal. Writer-director Robert Rodriguez says so himself in his commentary,
lamenting that the colourful 3-D spectacle he filmed was designed for digital
projection and special polarized glasses. Those weren't available in most
theatres and aren't available in the DVD package, which contains four pairs of
cardboard glasses with red and green lenses. So the first disc contains the
two-dimensional version of the film, with often dazzling colours, and the second
contains the three-dimensional version, which has ingenious 3-D effects but
replaces the spectrum of colours with a metallic grey-green palate. As for the
critics, Rodriguez says he expected adults to roll their eyes at the movie and
children to love it, since the dream-like adventure story unspooled from the
fantasies and drawings (Planet Drool, Mr. Electric) of his then-six-year-old
son, Racer Max. "Childlike isn't enough, you know," Rodriguez says in explaining
why he relied on his child to create the odd characters and invent their
superpowers. "You're just being like a child."

For a child who was never a child, consider Family Guy Presents Stewie Griffin:
The Untold Story, a direct-to-video feature-length spinoff from TV's Family Guy
in which the erudite, homicidal cartoon baby travels into the future to see his
dysfunctional parents and siblings as they will one day be, with the usual jokes
about bodily fluids and iconoclastic potshots at pop culture. (When Elmer Fudd
shoots Bugs Bunny, Bugs Bunny dies horribly.) In a bravura sequence in the
computer-animated film Robots, robots voiced by Ewan McGregor and Robin Williams
are shot through town by a transit system that must have been born of a pinball
machine. Director Chris Wedge, in a commentary shared with production designer
and children's author William Joyce, says it was based on "all the elements of
games we liked when we were a kid - Mousetraps and Hot Wheels and Wheel-Os and
everything." Other cartoon offerings: the second season of Bob and Margaret,
based on the Oscar-winning National Film Board short Bob's Birthday, about the
sitcom travails of a dentist and his wife; and the first season of Clone High, a
bizarre Teletoon series that imagines Gandhi, JFK, Cleopatra and Lincoln reborn
as high-school students. Maybe Racer Max thought that one up, too.

EXTRA! EXTRA!

CREATURE COMFORTS: THE COMPLETE

FIRST SEASON

In Creature Comforts - both the 1990 claymation film by Nick Park (creator of
Wallace and Gromit) and the 2003 British TV series derived from it - pets and
zoo animals speak the way humans do. Exactly the way humans do. The animators
imagine a penguin or a caged lion musing about whether circus clowns are funny,
and invite ordinary Britons to discuss the topic as a penguin or a lion might.
Returning to the studio with audiotape of those halting, musing comments, they
place the words in the mouths of their stop-motion Plasticine animals, all
bulging eyes and Chiclet teeth. Result: A lion, with a touch of exasperation in
his voice, says, "I don't find the clowns funny. I do begrudge them coming on. I
find it quite insulting." Creature Comforts: The Complete First Season contains
13 nine-minute episodes and the 1990 Oscar-winning short that started it all.
The extras include footage of the show's staff miming to the audiotapes so that
their facial expressions - the way they scrunch their noses, or gaze at the
floor for inspiration - can guide the animators in shaping the expressions of
Plasticine hamsters and cows.

CLASSICS FOR KIDS

NINOTCHKA

"Garbo laughs!" So promised the ads for Ernst Lubitsch's Ninotchka, the 1939
film in which Greta Garbo, making her 26th movie, finally starred in a comedy.
The catchline might as easily have been: Garbo melts. As a no-nonsense Soviet
official sent to Paris to find out why three other Soviet agents hadn't
completed their assignment to sell purloined jewels, Garbo gradually falls in
love with a carefree Melvyn Douglas. The famous laugh comes in a slapstick
scene, as Douglas's chair collapses in a restaurant and Garbo guffaws. Children
10 and up should be ready for this witty film, and if they've seen Bela Lugosi
as Dracula they may be tickled to see him as a Soviet commissar. Garbo was
nominated as best actress, but lost the Oscar to Gone With the Wind's Vivien
Leigh. Her next film, a 1941 comedy called Two-Faced Woman, was as bad as
Ninotchka was good; Time magazine said "its embarrassing effect is not unlike
seeing Sarah Bernhardt swatted with a bladder." Garbo then retired from the
screen.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                         September 26, 2001, Wednesday

UNHOLY PLACES    THE LAST HONEST MAN, DECEMBER 1975-MARCH 1976    CHAP TER 424

BYLINE: BY JAY MAEDER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 93

LENGTH: 580 words

THREE YEARS and $11 million into his reign as New York City's ace corruption
buster, it really did have to be recognized that Special Prosecutor Maurice
Nadjari hadn't accomplished very much.

Perhaps it was true that there had been dozens of quiet resignations and
retirements well before the indictment stage, and perhaps the city was
correspondingly cleaner. That said, the public record reflected that Nadjari's
chief catch so far had been Queens District Attorney Harry Mackell, forced to
resign amid explosions of venality charges but then acquitted of everything at
trial, a humiliating defeat for the grand inquisitor. Now, in late 1975, there
was mounting sentiment that it was time for Nadjari to go.

There were many who called Nadjari a totalitarian police-state commissar. His
friends called him the last honest man. "I will journey as an alien," he grimly
told an interviewer on one occasion. In pursuit, he said, of "the abominable
practices of corruption." Into the dark heart, he said, "of a difficult and
oftentimes unholy place." Two days before Christmas, Gov. Hugh Carey fired him
and gave his job to Robert Morgenthau, the late Frank Hogan's successor as
Manhattan district attorney.

Whereupon Nadjari would not leave. He was being sacked, he declared, because he
was probing Democrats close to the ex-congressman governor. "I do not feel it
necessary to respond to these insinuations," Carey boiled. But the governor had
blundered. "Fundamental conflict of interest," observed the Daily News.
"Morgenthau is being asked to investigate corruption in the very criminal
justice system of which he is a part. ... An enormous burden has been placed on
Morgenthau to convince the public that Nadjari's suspicions are unfounded."

State Attorney General Louis Lefkowitz had to agree. In a startling public
showdown with Carey, the otherwise mild-mannered Lefkowitz refused to permit the
firing. "A summary dismissal of Mr. Nadjari," he ruled, "would seriously erode
public confidence in the criminal justice system." Carey caved. Morgenthau,
evidently a decent man put on the spot by Carey's clumsy power grab, gratefully
stepped aside. Nadjari, the governor assented, would stay on for six more
months.

Whereupon his grand jury at once subpoenaed Carey's close friend Patrick
Cunningham - old Charlie Buckley's heir, Bronx Democratic boss, state Democratic
Party chairman, national Democratic committeeman - and began inquiring into the
sale of judgeships.

OTHERWISE FAMOUSLY unexcitable, Cunningham fought the subpoena for weeks.
"Political assassination!" he cried. "Lies and falsehoods!" Carey personally
proclaimed Cunningham a man of integrity. Bronx District Attorney Mario Merola,
meanwhile, heretofore among Nadjari's stronger official supporters, began
bawling that the out-of-control special prosecutor had to be curbed.

ONE BY ONE, Cunningham lost his court fights against Nadjari's subpoena. He
would have to go before the grand jury. Should he decline to waive immunity, he
would by law lose his county and state party positions.

On the other hand, Nadjari had just a few months left on the job. That was the
mandate. Could Cunningham possibly be brought up before July? Well, it was
imagined, probably not. Well, it was imagined, here was a case that was bound to
just quietly go away eventually.

And here, ultimately, was what the sensational Knapp Commission inquiries had
meant to the City of New York. Approximately nothing.


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              280 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 26, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Democrats Buoyed by GOP Tack; Public View of Starr Seen as Election Aid

Ceci Connolly, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 665 words



Democrats believe they've found a way to turn the scandal engulfing President
Clinton to their advantage at the polls on Election Day.

With a little help from House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), independent counsel
Kenneth W. Starr and a Republican Congress that has not accomplished much this
year, Democrats say their once-demoralized core supporters are now fired up to
fight back this November.

"The American people know venality and mean-spiritedness when they see it and
they're determined to root it out whenever they see it, wherever they see it,"
party chairman Steve Grossman said yesterday at a meeting of the Democratic
National Committee. "And they've seen it on display in graphic detail in the
Republican Party through these last few days."

A week ago, this gathering of Democratic loyalists might have felt more like
they were at the wake before a funeral. But now the official party line is
upbeat, optimistic, energized -- even ebullient. Although they remain
disappointed that Clinton had an affair with Monica S. Lewinsky and that he
misled everyone about it, they say Starr and Republicans went too far in
releasing the lurid details of the case.

"The reversal of the last five days in public opinion is the result of gross
overreaching on the part of the conservative-led Republican Party," said
Colorado Gov. Roy Romer, who is also co-chairman of the DNC.

Presidential pollster Mark Penn, without offering any specific data, was even
more dramatic in his assessment: "There is a tidal wave of public opinion in
favor of the Democrats."

So scandal is good?

Not exactly, said others at the three-day convention. But what is good is the
way their opponents are handling the Clinton imbroglio.

"Nobody should interpret what we're saying as rosy or optimistic," said one
party strategist overseeing the midterm elections. "We're saying Republican
unfairness is a motivator."

Like many others, Ohio Democratic Chairman David J. Leland said he felt the tide
shift after Monday's airing of Clinton's grand jury testimony. Several people
also pointed to new polls that show the president's approval numbers up.

"It's not upbeat; more like stout-hearted," he said. "The overreaching and
unfairness by people who have no agenda other than to humiliate the president
will do a lot to motivate our base."

However, those same surveys indicate that conservative voters most disgusted
with Clinton appear most likely to vote. And Penn later conceded that the higher
support for Clinton in his latest surveys is statistically negligible while
Republicans "are very much ginned up by the whole thing."

With less than six weeks to the midterm elections, Democrats have scaled back
their earlier projections of winning the 11 seats needed to take back the House
or retaining their current 45 Senate seats. The goal now is to minimize possible
losses by focusing on the party's core electorate, namely women, African
Americans and union members.

Earlier this week, first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton signed a fund-raising
letter that said: "And without continued help from proven friends like you, the
Republicans could sustain or even increase their majorities in Congress."

Asserting that the GOP-led Congress wants to "roll back the progress women have
made," Tipper Gore yesterday told a collection of female DNC members that it was
time to trigger a grass-roots network that could "take a stand against
cynicism."

At the DNC meeting, activists were given the party's "Road Map to Victory," a
40-page pamphlet that focuses heavily on how to excite loyal Democratic voters.

"I was much more gloomy last week than I am this week," said Mark Gersh, a
Democratic consultant known for his straightforward assessments of House races.
And while Gersh is not predicting that Democrats will pick up the 11 seats
needed to retake the House, he said, "there's no evidence right now of major
erosion of Democratic support in marginal districts."


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              281 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           October 5, 1972, Thursday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 134 words

Gov Rockefeller and Mayor Lindsay on Oct 4 agree to jointly support reform of
state judicial selection process by Legis in '73; at same time, Presiding
Justices of NYS Appellate Div depts H A Stevens and S Rabin charge Mayor smeared
State Supt Ct in Oct 4 NY Times int, in which he stated that ct is
'instinctively unproductive and subject to venality' and that judges are chosen
in 'deplorable backroom pol deals'; Mayor's statements drew strong reactions
from judges, politicians and other officials; at news conf after their meeting,
Rockefeller says Lindsay denied making statements reptd in Times article;
Lindsay, however, stands by article's acct of his position; Repr E Koch, City
Council Pres Garelik and Councilman R Lerner say Lindsay is guilty of
'hypocrisy' for condemning backroom deals

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              282 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Friels sees red as artist Rothko tormented by material success;
THEATRE

BYLINE: Cameron Woodhead Reviewer

SECTION: NEWS; The Arts; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 357 words


Red

Rating: 3.5/5

By John Logan, MTC,

Sumner Theatre, until May 5

AS AN artist who strenuously opposed the commodification of art, Mark Rothko's
success caused him deep discomfort. His Seagram Murals embodied the conflict. At
first, he accepted a prestigious and lucrative commission to paint an abstract
series for an exclusive Manhattan restaurant, The Four Seasons. Years later,
with the works nearly complete, Rothko dined there, amid the self-important
chatter of New York's elite. Appalled, he reneged on the contract, and kept the
art.

John Logan's Red is a dense two-hander set in Rothko's studio as he paints the
murals. It hinges on the relationship between the artist (Colin Friels) and his
assistant (Andre de Vanny). Refreshingly for the MTC, it requires an attentive
audience to work its spell, and nothing's dumbed down about its content, which
surges from Socratic argument over important developments in 20th century art to
idealistic screeds denouncing the venality of the arts industry.

Friels gives an outstanding performance as the tormented, cerebral and
terrifically self-absorbed artist. Holding red and black in dramatic equipoise,
it's a portrait drenched in fury and passion, leached at by a sense of
impotence.

His Rothko has heavily invested in his outsider status. He wrestles eloquently
with the dead hand of material success, unwilling to accept that the revolution
of abstract expressionism has become orthodoxy, to be superseded in turn by new
movements he despises and can't understand.

As his interlocutor, de Vanny gives a skilled portrayal, building from easily
cowed naif into confident devil's advocate.

The production is not without problems. The large canvas of the stage, decked
out as a Manhattan studio, doesn't - as Rothko's works do - use scale to promote
intimacy. There are all sorts of unobtrusive brush-strokes missing in the
interaction between master and servant, and Alkinos Tsilimidos' direction, while
it has strong performances, fails to engage a spatial palette of depth.

It remains one of the MTC's better efforts, and anyone who hankers for robust
aesthetic discussion will find it stimulating.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Colin Friels: Fury and passion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EMBATTLED JUDGE SEEKS MERCY

BYLINE: By Nancie L. Katz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 113 words


AN EMBATTLED Brooklyn judge has asked New York's highest court not to suspend
him while he appeals a recommendation to boot him from the bench.

On Monday, the state Commission on Judicial Conduct called for the ouster of
Brooklyn Surrogate Judge Michael Feinberg, who routinely approved excessive fees
given to a lawyer pal.

In a letter to the Court of Appeals, Feinberg challenged the commission's
findings, which backed a Daily News probe that found he gave oversize estate
fees to his buddy Louis Rosenthal.

"There is not and never has been the slightest intimation that anything he has
been charged with involved corruption or venality," Feinberg's lawyer, Harvey
Greenberg, wrote.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              284 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 4, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

Washington: The Book;
A reader's guide to the literature of power

BYLINE: Charles Trueheart

SECTION: WASHINGTON POST MAGAZINE; PAGE W21

LENGTH: 4879 words


He was the president's right arm, the keeper of the secrets, the ultimate
insider in the deadly vortex of the nuclear stalemate -- and after hours, a
mysterious figure in Georgetown's choicest drawing rooms. Prime ministers
beseeched him for advice, senators feared his clout, women adored his
memorandums. And then he fell from grace, a casualty of the capital's cruel
caprice.

No stranger to controversy, now he tells his story -- the story the newspapers
wouldn't print, the far-sighted policy priorities his enemies wouldn't
countenance. Minute by suspenseful minute, drawing on telephone logs, satellite
intercepts and unpublished diaries, this veteran operative and keen-eyed
observer leads you on a journey of scathing revelation to an unexpected
conclusion -- a visionary 10-point agenda for the nation . . .


A STRANGE AND WONDERFUL THING HAS HAPPENED TO THIS SEAT OF democracy, for so
long the butt of derision in New York and beyond: It has become a principal
source of our national literature. History is written here -- sometimes bogus
history, often self-serving history, almost always premature history, but
history nonetheless, rendered almost immediately by a jury of the era's
published peers.

What is perhaps more astonishing is that American readers today seem more eager
than ever to see what these books have to say. At least they seem to feel a
stake in the life of the federal city. Perhaps it tells them something about the
state of the union. Perhaps it is a mirror held up in some way to this creaking
empire. Perhaps (and here there is really no perhaps about it) they seek in
these Washington characters, so familiar from television, the same grandeur and
venality that they seek in Hollywood and high-society celebrities.

Whatever the reason, the Washington book is in full flower. Published or
progressing works by Reagan cronies, retainers and kinfolk alone would fill
several beach bags with books that would come home unread. Once and future
royalty recipients include Edwin Meese, Donald Regan, Michael Deaver, David
Stockman, Alexander Haig, Caspar Weinberger, James Watt, Martin Anderson, Helene
von Damm, Larry Speakes, Constantine Menges, Michael Ledeen, John Lehman, Terrel
Bell, William Bennett, Patti Davis, Michael Reagan, Maureen Reagan, Nancy Reagan
and Ronald Reagan. This list does not even begin to suggest the volume of
journalistic and biographic works the Reagan administration spawned; readers can
expect a tidal wave of retrospection, beginning this fall and climaxing in a
couple of years with the Ronald and Nancy biographies by Edmund Morris and Kitty
Kelley, respectively.

In this respect as in so many others, George Bush will find Ronald Reagan a hard
act to follow.

The phenomenon, however, stretches beyond the Gipper's considerable shadow and
into the woodwork of Washington itself.  People have always wanted to read about
spies (the Reagan years were very, very good for this genre) and political
campaigns. Now readers in adequate and sometimes sizable numbers (at least by
trade-book publishing standards) seem willing to purchase extended looks inside
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Federal Reserve System, the National Security
Agency and the Office of the Solicitor General. They are keenly interested in
such amusing sociologies as Hedrick Smith's book-television one-two, The Power
Game, and Christopher Matthews' cheerful primer, Hardball. They want to learn
about authentic Washington characters of all stripes -- Barry Goldwater, Tip
O'Neill, Sam Donaldson, Geraldine Ferraro and (forthcoming) Clark Clifford and
Edward Bennett Williams. Publishers are led to believe this interest extends as
well to the policy ruminations of Sen. Richard J. Lugar, Livingston Biddle and
David Abshire.

Michael Kinsley of The New Republic has argued the cynical but probably accurate
line that most of these books go largely unread; people just want to own them.
He tested the proposition once, he reported, by visiting a few appropriate
bookstores in the city and surreptitiously inserting little notes between the
pages of a random sampling of much-mentioned current Washington volumes. The
notes could be redeemed for small cash rewards if found and turned in to the
magazine. None were.

Be that as it may, the earnest impulse toward ownership represents a civic
gesture of sorts. And the way U.S. book publishers and authors interpret and
meet that small but important demand cannot be entirely a reflection of their
own peculiar agendas. It may even carry a message or two back to Washington:
Here is the way you look to us outside the Beltway. Here are the dramas and the
characters we find compelling. Here are the subjects we believe it is worth
knowing more than a little about.

So -- what are these dramas and subjects? The Washington book has grown up
enough to have its own distinctive subspecies, the rudiments of a literary
taxonomy. Here is an effort to parse and package it, to see just what composes
this self-conscious tableau.  MEMOIRS ARE MADE OF THIS ON PUBLISHERS ROW, THEY
laughed when Random House paid $ 1 million for Tip O'Neill's ghostwritten
memoir. But its extraordinary hardcover sales performance -- more than 400,000
cop-ies -- stopped the laughing.

Like many Washington authors, the speaker of the House had the news media to
thank for making him a familiar household figure long before his book appeared.
The Republican Party did its share by portraying O'Neill as Mr. Old-Style
Democrat in election-year television ads -- a caricature for which affection
steadily grew under the Reagan administration. What's more, he brought to the
task of selling books the skills of a lifetime.

O'Neill, in his campaign for Man of the House (proof that a good book can
transcend a ridiculous title), charmed his way from media market to media
market, kissing ladies at book-and-author luncheons, cheerfully sitting through
hours of autographing and light schmoozing, oozing sound bites in radio studios.
Not only did he win their votes; book-buyers paid $ 19.95 to cast each one.

The quintessential Washington book would have to be the memoir, would it not?
That repository of vanity, that stewpot of memory and desire, that unwitting
hour on a very public couch, giving everyone a peek at the ego as it imagines
itself to be seen. Ego is at work in other great cities of the world, but in
capitals where political men and women congregate, the public servant is nowhere
so blatantly equated with the public good.

The Washington memoir is scarcely a modern invention. But Simon Michael Bessie,
a Harper & Row editor who has been handling Washington books for more than four
decades, notes a relatively recent watershed: 1945. By then, the New Deal had
turned Washington into the truly national capital of a modern welfare state, and
World War II had turned it into the capital of an international power. It became
axiomatic that what its leaders and chroniclers had to say was important.

"It was almost part of the understanding that you would, upon completion of your
duties, do a book," Bessie says, recalling Henry Stimson's memoirs and Dwight D.
Eisenhower's Crusade in Europe. Today presidents routinely write their memoirs
upon leaving office, as do their wives (in the case of Betty Ford and Rosalynn
Carter, reportedly outselling their husbands) and some of their most prominent
underlings.

There are exceptions -- Dean Acheson's Present at the Creation and Henry
Kissinger's two volumes, White House Years and Years of Upheaval -- but few of
these "me books" (as Washington agent Robert Barnett calls them) remain long in
the public memory. This, perversely, may explain why publishers always seem to
believe they're worth signing up, no matter how limited the prospect of selling
them. But Sunday Times of London correspondent Henry Brandon's Special
Relationships? Former CIA operative and Chief of Protocol-spouse Archie
Roosevelt's For Lust of Knowing? Go figure.

Yet whatever these books may deliver, according to Peter Osnos of Random House
(who bought the O'Neill memoir), their tantalizing promise is "the chance to
spend a few evenings" with people in power. "Everybody wants to go to a dinner
party and talk to somebody interesting."

David Obst, a former Washington book agent, believes that Washington books, even
the self-serving memoirs of powerful or once-powerful miscreants, also serve a
constructive social purpose. "I'm glad there's this seemingly insatiable
curiosity for public figures' justifications for what they do," he says. "At
least it makes them a little accountable." SETTLING ACCOUNTS THE MEMOIR HAS ITS
VARIANTS, among which there is a more deliberate species of revenge known as the
kiss-and-tell book. Chefs, secretaries and other White House denizens have been
divulging their long-harbored secrets for decades: FDR, My Boss, by Grace Tully
appeared in 1949, and executive mansion usher J.B. West told his stories in
Upstairs at the White House: My Life With the First Ladies (1973). If these
strike you as tame fare, try Nan Britton's The President's Daughter, published
in 1927. Britton was the mistress of Warren Gamaliel Harding and, as she
explained, the mother of his love child.

Of late, since Watergate and especially under Reagan, authors who've been drawn
to the genre have come to include the president's children (three of Reagan's
four, for instance) and his closest and most important advisers (Alexander Haig,
David Stockman, Michael Deaver, Larry Speakes). In the 1980s, this approach has
become so commonplace that readers, and therefore publishers, have come to
expect it -- and to insist that the telling live up to the kissing. One
prominent editor said that she wouldn't want a book from former national
security adviser Colin Powell: "He's too much of a gentleman."

Once upon a time, a former White House chief of staff and Treasury secretary
might have written a sober memoir of his Washington days and his thoughts on the
future of the republic. Donald Regan, newly returned to civilian life and
nursing bite marks from the first lady, might even have had something like that
in mind when he approached publishers about his book project two years ago.  But
what Harcourt Brace Jovanovich paid $ 1 million for, and what it got, and what
it has profited immensely from, was something more special -- a book more
accurately called a "get-even book," part of a hardy local literature of
involuntary exile. Its cousins a generation ago were called "books by crooks,"
pioneered by Watergate felons. Like theirs, Regan's book is the plaintive song
of the journalistically wronged. For the Record, Regan called his book, telling
us something about how he views the product; the title almost adds: "And get it
straight this time." Such a book, its writer hopes, will restore the author's
reputation, if not tomorrow then in some musty library in the next century.
"Authors own their own books," remarks writer Frances FitzGerald, "the way they
don't own their interviews on a television show."

Though he is no Tip O'Neill, Regan's experience in public life served him, too,
in the early days after his book went on sale. The trained public official was
able to follow, from limousine to jet to studio, a 56-page schedule of
appearances coast to coast, plus day after day of mind-numbingly repetitive
telephone interviews and satellite couplings with fresh-faced anchors from
Seattle to Asbury Park.

The news that propelled For the Record to the top of the bestseller lists last
year was Regan's revelation of Nancy Reagan's attachment to an astrologer. Lynn
Goldberg, who was hired to execute the promotional juggernaut that the
publisher's million-dollar investment in the book demanded, says the client
balked at first. In her earliest sessions with Regan, Goldberg recalls, he
insisted he didn't want to stress the astrology business, because he had a
bigger and more important story to tell. Goldberg finally told him, "If you keep
calling the astrology a 'harmless eccentricity,' it's going to get on Page 44 of
the National Enquirer."

Regan listened. His book sold more than 400,000 copies in hardcover, making it
the top-selling Washington book of 1988.  FUTURE STRATEGIES FOR THE REPUBLIC YOU
CAN TELL WHEN AN EDITOR has bought a book hoping to get something juicy but has
had to settle for something . . . else. A line from the jacket copy of Pat
Schroeder's aggressively titled book Champion of the Great American Family touts
"a unique book that weaves the personal story of her own family into a
clear-headed consideration of the great social issue of family policy in the
United States." You can almost hear, between the lines, the struggle of
intentions between, and within, author and editor.

Schroeder is politician enough to have agreed to a personal touch -- posing for
the cover of the book, standing at a lectern, looking like serious presidential
material in the glow of television lights. More glamorous still, however, is the
ruddy visage, posed against the churning main, of former Navy secretary John F.
Lehman Jr. His book? Command of the Seas. It's as though Schroeder's and
Lehman's books were campaign posters, slogans and all.

These works of deep- and not-so-deep-think are, as we were duly warned,
clear-headed considerations. They spring from a belief that speeches and
memorandums simply aren't up to the task of framing the accumulated wisdom of a
lifetime. (Some public figures, of course, believe their oratorical leftovers
will make dandy books. Jim Wright's Reflections of a Public Man, for instance:
how pure the choice of title, how free of modesty. But as this case suggests,
even the most imaginative marketing techniques and accounting procedures do not
a bestseller make.)

Ex-presidents usually write one of these pronunciamentos as their second book --
after the obligatory memoir. (Reagan is a wily exception: His publisher will
issue his collected speeches before the former president turns in his
autobiography.) Richard Nixon seems to publish one every year. Gary Hart has
written a couple of these policy riffs, and Paul Simon has written seven.

This is a spacious circus tent, this menagerie of opinion and rhetoric and
marshaled learning. It can contain a lofty intellectual formulation, like
Zbigniew Brzezinski's spring tome The Grand Failure or the book of policy
prescriptions Jeane Kirkpatrick promised to write for $ 900,000 of Simon &
Schuster's money and never completed, or a nuts-and-bolts argument, like Mark
Hertsgaard's On Bended Knee (an attack on press timidity during the Reagan
years) or Brooks Jackson's Honest Graft (a critique of PACs).

These books of argument and conviction, charting new directions or critiquing
old ones, are published often as not because they are considered important. They
will spark the dialogue. They will offer fresh insights. They will raise
questions that must be raised. Allen Drury, the novelist and former newspaper
correspondent here, calls them publishers' "conscience books." They include
collections of syndicated columns, five-pronged strategies to restore the
nation's competitive edge and extended cud-chewing about the bankruptcy of "the
process."

They can be excruciating -- just ask the friends of the author who dutifully
page through them. But they can sometimes be very, very good. Democratic
politico Harry McPherson's A Political Education and Washington Monthly editor
Charles Peters' Tilting at Windmills are hybrids of personal memoir and public
prescription that seem to work on both levels.

And some Washington pooh-bahs entering their anecdotage overcome temptation
altogether. Instead of composing self-referential fluff about their chance
encounters with the great and near-great, David Brinkley and I.F. Stone thought
they might better spend their time writing two original books of history.
Washington Goes to War and The Trial of Socrates, unlike so much else you find
on the Washington bookshelf, are likely to be in print for a long time to come,
and are greater monuments to their authors than any book they might have written
about themselves. NEWS IN HARD COVERS WHEN HE OPENED HIS LITERARY agency in
Washington a decade ago, Raphael Sagalyn was struck by the native supply of
eager would-be book authors. "It didn't take a genius," he says, "to recognize
that newspapers sent their finest correspondents to the Washington bureau."

By that point, the journalist's book was already a growth industry -- and it has
since taken on the value of a professional decoration. A book of one's own, says
one member of the tribe, is "a calling card."

It was Theodore White's The Making of the President 1960 that showed everyone
else the way. By enshrining the energetic (and book-writing) young president and
his new kind of politics, it reflected a fresh sense of glamour and vibrancy
upon the capital. The Making of the President, in the estimation of Houghton
Mifflin Editor in Chief John Sterling, was "like the making of Mount Rushmore,
the making of the myth."

But there is a pattern to the triumph of power and the establishment of mythical
personages: They contain invariably the seeds of their undoing and unmasking.

And so it followed that the national security state got its first best-selling
whiff of skepticism as early as 1964, with Thomas B. Ross and David Wise's
searching inquiry into The Invisible Government. Joe McGinniss trained his
gimlet eye on the individual politician with The Selling of the President, a
peek at the inside workings -- which then seemed eye-poppingly manipulative and
cynical -- of Richard Nixon's 1968 presidential campaign.

"What a difference in eight years between Teddy White making the myth, and Joe
McGinniss tearing it apart," Sterling exclaims. Myth-making and debunking
represent twin -- and not necessarily contradictory -- essences of the
Washington book, and they were deployed dramatically in David Halberstam's The
Best and the Brightest (1973), still a model of the serious blockbuster that
publishers and agents, and of course writers, daydream about.

Watergate brought the next and by far the largest wave of Washington books,
beginning with All the President's Men and its sequel, The Final Days, and
continuing for years with the accounts of Watergate figures as well as narrative
accounts of the scandal by such writers as William Safire and J. Anthony Lukas.
The serial downfalls of Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon, and the steady rise of
an inquisitive, adversarial news media, had generated a cultural shift in the
nation's attitude toward its goverment and leaders. They had created what
espionage novelist -- and "collaborator" on the Haig and Regan books -- Charles
McCarry calls "an appetite for the contradiction of perceived reality."

And with it, a need for guidance through the mysteries WASHINGTON BOOKS
continued from page 24 of the realm. How else to explain the recent success of
such books as Hedrick Smith's The Power Game (100,000-plus copies in print),
published by Random House and then translated astutely for public television,
which offered itself as a Baedeker to Official Washington. Christopher Matthews'
Hardball, a list of do's and don'ts and ripping good yarns about the corridors
of power, helped the author establish his reputation as a jack-of-all-comments.

Such books may seem devilishly up-to-date, but they have a shaggy heritage.
Behind the Mirrors: The Psychology of Disintegration at Washington (1922) was
apparently so controversial that its author hid behind the name "Anonymous."
Washington Confidential (1951), by two fedora-bedecked inksters named Jack Lait
and Lee Mortimer, offered "the lowdown on the big town" Washington was starting
to become. More respectfully, three generations of Kiplingers, the local
publishing dynasty, have attempted to distill the essence of the city, most
recently in Washington Now (1975).

At the heart of this thriving genre today, however, are the books that most
closely resembles daily journalism itself: sustained narratives. They're the
direct descendants of the White and Woodward-Bernstein books -- "tick-tocks," in
newspaper parlance, that deal in weeks and months rather than minutes. They
include campaign chronicles and candidate bios, spy books and scandal
narratives, and epic accounts of the era in which we live. They include group
biographies (The Wise Men and this fall's The Long Gray Line) and philosophical
critiques (Reagan's America). Even the driest subjects -- arms control
negotiations, tax reform legislation, the building of the B-1 bomber -- can be
turned into more or less riveting reads with alluring titles: Deadly Gambits,
Showdown at Gucci Gulch, Wild Blue Yonder.

These books, if they are fortunate, compete with the news media. (At times, the
journalist's regular employer is competing with his book publisher for the
contents -- but that's another story.) Yet publishing a newsworthy book about a
city impatient for the next newscast is an agonizing thing: Even under the
hastiest schedule, it takes a year at least to see a well-researched book
commissioned tomorrow borne into print. The hope is always that when it is
published, the Washington book will crown a growing public interest in a person
or subject with a finely wrought capstone of detail, atmosphere, revelation,
context, argument and suspense. The fear is always that it will be no better
than year-old newsprint.  The secret is to make the book itself make news. When
Iran-contra was only a twinkle in any editor's eye, Houghton Mifflin considered
the story important enough to buy for $ 100,000. That wouldn't be enough for a
big guy like Don Regan, but it was an exceptional token of serious intentions
for Jane Mayer and Doyle McManus, respected reporters but unpublished book
authors, and their plans for a journalistic narrative with an unknown
conclusion. They named it Landslide.

Mayer and McManus began with one advantage: Given a book whose characters are
well-known newsmakers, as New York agent Esther Newberg points out, "You start
out not having to explain who these people are, and it costs a lot to explain
who someone is." The evening news does double duty as a daily trailer,
stimulating public demand for books as yet unwritten and unpublished.

But if it were that easy, few Washington books would find their way to the
remainder tables. Random House's Osnos, a dogged competitor for high-class
Washington books like Landslide, marvels unprovoked at "the triumph of
publishing skill" evidenced by the sales performance of his competitor's effort,
published last fall. (Landslide has sold more than 100,000 copies to date.)

Begin with a subtitle (The Unmaking of the President, 1984-1988) whose "premise
is fundamentally false," Osnos says, and a book whose real strengths are its
sustained narrative powers rather than its startling archival discoveries, and
you don't necessarily have the book walking off the shelves. But with a special
adoption by the Book-of-the-Month Club giving Landslide what Osnos calls "that
extra buzz," and publicists Rochelle Lefkowitz and Cathy Saypol planting a
couple of its juicier revelations with hungry editors and producers, Landslide
was rolling. The well-timed news accounts about it were followed, in smooth
succession, by an excerpt of the book in The Washington Post's Outlook section,
a feature in People and an appearance by the authors on "Good Morning America."
And by that time, Osnos says, holding all 10 fingers aloft, "you had air in the
balloon."

At that moment the publishers who had shied away from Iran-contra book proposals
were asking themselves searching questions, and all the authors whose publishers
had rejected the idea were calling their agents.  'THE WASHINGTON NOVEL IS
MISSING!' THERE IS, FINALLY, A SEPARATE AND still relatively immature class of
Washington book, in which the tools of fiction are put into service describing a
city of fact. Yet of all the great metropolitan novels not yet written, the
Great Washington Novel stands out. It's not that U.S. publishers aren't looking
for it; few doubt that when it comes along, the way Tom Wolfe's Bonfire of the
Vanities came along for the city of New York in the 1980s, it will create a
sensation. But in the judgment of almost everyone, it remains to be seen.

The antecedent everyone mentions, whether they've read it or not, is Democracy
by Henry Adams (1880). Until the appearance of his own best-selling novel Advise
and Consent, says Allen Drury, slightly overstating the case, "Washington had
not been the subject of novels for 60 years." (He is referring to the 1899
publication of -- vice-presidential chroniclers, take note -- The Gentleman From
Indiana, by Booth Tarkington.)

Advise and Consent, a tale of political connivance and treachery surrounding a
controversial nominee for secretary of state, still holds the record for the
longest-running American fiction bestseller in history, 93 weeks on the New York
Times list. And like its nonfiction counterparts, it whetted the appetites of
publishers. The 70-year-old Drury recalls his old friend and fellow-reporter
Charles W. Bailey, co-author of Seven Days in May (1962), thanking him for
opening the door for the modern Washington novel.

There have been many published since, and almost as many forgotten -- including
all the others Drury himself wrote. They come in many varieties and on many
levels of serious intent, from such page-turners as The President's Plane Is
Missing! and Murder at the Kennedy Center to more literary fare from Gore Vidal,
Ward Just and Susan Richards Shreve, who specialize in the genre, and Philip
Roth and Joseph Heller, who have dabbled in it.

Two offspring of presidents, Margaret Truman and Elliott Roosevelt, have written
Washington novels; throw in Patti Davis if her book really can pass as fiction.
And of course many journalists have, too -- Christopher Buckley, Garrett Epps,
Haynes Johnson, Howard Simons, Sally Quinn, Judith Martin, Arnaud de Borchgrave,
Gregg Easterbrook, Les Whitten, Vic Gold, Lawrence Meyer and Brit Hume, to name
some recent examples. Once in a while, Washington officials will try their hand
-- Gary Hart, William Cohen, Jake Garn, David Aaron, Richard Perle. And there
are plenty of other titles, best left unmentioned for the sake of space and
mercy, that qualify under Drury's catchall, "stunt-writing books about
terrorists who get an atom bomb." This is perhaps not an inclusive enough
epithet. Washington novels also thrive on the glamour that has attached to the
White House ever since the Kennedys lived there. Ronald and Nancy Reagan,
despite their outward distrust of central government, found much of the highly
centered personal attention seductive. In return, they did much to burnish the
image of the city with their ostentatious ways and devotion to ceremony and
make-believe.

From a narrative dramatist's point of view (no less than a biographer's, of
course, or a journalist's), that image carries an inevitable underside of
treachery and avarice, along with the energy and tension that only sex affords.
"Washington has become a very spicy city," in the view of Al Silverman, who for
16 years presided over the Book of the Month Club. "You've got a lot of
extracurricular activities going on now -- much more than in staid old New
York." Charles McCarry's novelistic eye is struck by the ways we treat our
leaders. "It's almost like a chapter in The Golden Bough. We feed him sweetmeats
and provide him with virgins, and at the end of four years, we ritually
slaughter him and replace him with another prince-victim."

But material this rich poses a vigorous challenge to fiction, at least in this
day and age. The toothless saw about the New Journalism having extinguished
fiction can be heard frequently when publishers explain why the whopping
Washington novel has eluded them: It is long past permissible, and far more
likely to be profitable, for such material to appear as fact. The nonfiction
label stamps the imprimatur of truth upon the contents of a book; the scrim of
fiction, which once allowed truth to be told obliquely and perhaps more richly,
now seems but a nuisance.

The Washington book's genuflection to the empirical may also explain why
publishers favor so many journalists who turn to novel-writing, or policy
analysts with a good scenario to flesh out. Many of them write memorable stories
-- but do their advances crowd the market for struggling-in-the-garret literary
types who might cast a more distanced or antic eye on the proceedings? We may
never know.

Some wonder whether Washington has been truly novel-worthy long enough -- a
50-year-old international capital be- ing but a youngster. Daniel Boorstin, the
historian and former librarian of Congress, declares, "Most metropolises have a
left bank, but there's no left bank here. Maybe that's one of the reasons
Washington has been less productive of great literature."

"You need an Evelyn Waugh," Michael Kinsley says, "although a Tom Wolfe would
do. But we don't have that. The kind of person who could do that wouldn't want
to live in Washington." ?  Charles Trueheart writes about books and magazines
for the Style section of The Post.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, BARRY BLITT

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              285 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   January 21, 1987, Wednesday, City Edition

Novelist puts satirical top spin on tennis tale

BYLINE: Philip O. Spann

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Books; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 1220 words



BLACKBALLED    By Michael Mewshaw    Atheneum, $ 16.95    Reviewed by Philip O.
Spann

    In 1983 Michael Mewshaw's expose of professional tennis, Short    Circuit,
jolted the international tennis establishment into a spasm of    outrage, denial
and embarrassment.

     That "appearance money" was commonly paid to top stars, that    tournaments
were then rigged to protect those stars, that exhibition    matches were
orchestrated and promoted on a level not much above pro    wrestling, that the
entire sport was eaten up with cynicism and    venality was, of course, common
knowledge inside the game. Even John    McEnroe, one of the chief beneficiaries
of the star system, once said    of it all:        "No one gives a s--- about
anyone else deep down. Everybody is    just out for himself. It stinks."

     But this interpretation was not and is not intended for the    TV-watching,
ticket-, shoes- and racquet-buying public ... as Mewshaw    soon discovered.
Shortly after Short Circuit hit the circuit, a lame    effort was made in The
International Tennis Weekly to discredit it, an    irate promoter in Rome
assaulted its author, and even before the book    came out Mewshaw was
blackballed as a journalist at the U.S. Open.

     One can easily imagine, therefore, how tennis mandarins and moguls    will
receive Mewshaw's latest novel, Blackballed. For this hilarious    and
outrageous book is, in a way, a sequel to Short Circuit. Many of    the
unguarded comments and remarkable occurrences Mewshaw came across    during his
earlier researches now appear in this fictional (and    non-actionable) format.

     But Blackballed is much more than a very funny caricature of mondo
tennis. It is the marvelously inventive tale of the rise and fall and
resurrection of one of the most unlikely protagonists to come along in    years:
Latif Fluss, a tall, stately young African of the western    Sahara, a
blue-black Tuareg tribesman of warrior stock; native tongue:    Tamahaq.

     How Latif gets from the windswept reg and the tutelage of toubabs    to a
born-again Bible college tennis team in Texas is best left to    Mewshaw's
ingenious narrative, in which he displays a wealth of North    African lore not
fully exhausted in two previous novels (Land without    Shadow and The Toll) set
in this part of the world.

     Once Latif gets to the states, however, his rise to the top of the    ATP
computer is the not-improbable result of the unprincipled genius of    his
agent, Eddie Brown, a sleazy, smart hustler (reactivated from the    author's
excellent early novel Waking Slow) who in the crunch will    occasionally do the
noble thing against his better judgment.

     Eddie immediately sees possibilities in Latif and decides to make    him a
star, explaining that in professional tennis, talent is not    enough. To
advance, to get the support of tournament directors and    umpires, a player has
to be "box-office," has to wear either a black    hat or a white hat. And since
other blacks in tennis, Arthur Ashe and    Yannick Noah, already play likeable
roles, Latif has got but one    choice.

     "You want to max your potential. You gotta be the first bad n-----    in
tennis. Lots of people are going to take one look and figure you're    something
that swung down from a tree. So play the part. Play it big.

 Go out there and gorilla the other guys."

     Persuaded to play a role somewhere between Mr. T and Muhammed Ali,    Latif
is soon intimidating the opposition and shouting at press    conferences:
"I am the uncrowned champion  The Third World Avenger. You tell    Lendl, you
tell Connors, Becker and McEnroe, I'm coming after them. I'm    going to whip
them like they're babies."

     Instructed by Eddie in "psyche and destroy," Latif soon does just    that,
first to Connors, Becker and Lendl, then, finally to McEnroe,    whom he beats,
quite literally, (claims Junior called him "boy") on    center court in the
Wimbledon final.

     Still, it is not this justifiable near homicide in tennis' sanctum

 sanctorum that gets Latif banned from the game for life. Nor is it the    fact
that in his rise to No. 1 he has become a sort of divine victim of    the
system, rich and famous, spoiled, obnoxious, corrupt and a    spaced-out cocaine
junkie to boot.

     The cause of his excommunication is his subsequent attempt to    withdraw
from the madness, his refusal to tank a meaningless match in a    small
tournament in Italy against Flaminio Flamini, darling of the    local fans and a
client of Pippo Scarcia, agent, tournament director,    clothing rep, reporter,
promoter, TV announcer and associate mafioso.

     Latif had tanked before for various financial reasons in the "bad    old
days," so Pippo cannot understand his behavior.

     "Lose and you still Number One. Lose and you get the same    guarantee."

     When Latif replies that he just wants to play the game and play it    on
the level, Pippo intones:        "More idiot than Latif nobody has been in
history. I am feeling    sorry for what I have to do."

     The second half of Blackballed is the incredible yet credible story    of
Latif's return from banishment and a prison term to the top of the    tennis
slag heap as Ali Ben Baraka. Hidden behind his native garb and    the Tuareg
veil or tagilmoust, he refuses to speak anything but Tamahaq    and he so
completely changes his tennis game (from chip and charge    blitz to Zen spin,
dink, drop and lob) that reporters and officials,    though suspicious,
eventually believe that Eddie Brown has found    another tennis playing Tuareg.

     Employing a combination of pyramid power, ventriloquism, a trained
seagull and a homemade racquet, Latif/Baraka advances once more toward    the
top, doing it his way, refusing to accept guarantees, endorsement    money or
exhibitions, fending off the assaults of agents, promoters,    and equipment
reps (including the octopodal Pippo), all of them    determined to sign the
Masked Marvel ... or destroy him.

     Blackballed is a masterful blend of fact and compelling if    far-fetched
fiction. Throughout one finds a refreshing refusal to    concede the viability
or inevitability of a world in which everyone is    "just in it for the money."
Given the current revival of the view    that "the business of America is
business," perhaps Blackballed    satirizes more than the cannibalistic
materialism of pro tennis.

     But it does that, too. The humor is pervasive and Latif's career is    so
skillfully woven into the contemporary tennis scene that my biggest
disappointment on finishing the book was realizing that Latif/Baraka    will not
be appearing in the next major tournament.



 Philip Spann teaches classics at the University of Florida and is a    regular
contributor to Tennis magazine.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              286 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 30, 2006 Monday

Boo! Beware the final campaign week

BYLINE: John Yewell Stay Tuned

SECTION: Z_JOHN_YEWELL

LENGTH: 731 words


In one of the scariest election campaigns in memory, it is not reassuring that
Halloween this year heralds the final week leading to the Nov. 7 balloting.

With Karl Rove's demon playbook in hand, Republicans have been by far the worst
scare-tactic abusers, and things likely will get worse. But sometimes the mud
merchants go too far and an attack backfires. That may be what is now taking
place in Tennessee.

Last week one of the ugliest TV commercials ever produced in American politics
was finally shut down in that state. Funded by the national Republican Party,
the ad targeted the U.S. Senate campaign of Rep. Harold Ford, D-Memphis, by
playing to the basest racial sensitivities in a region that has struggled, with
much recent success, to put its tortured past behind it.

You've probably seen the ad. It's been all over cable news, continuing to run
even after Ford's opponent, Republican Bob Corker, asked that it be pulled.

The ad featured an attractive blond, bare-shouldered woman who claims to have
met Congressman Ford, who is black, at a Playboy party. The ad ends with her
looking coyly into the camera and cooing, "Harold, call me."

Harold Ford did attend a Playboy party -- with some 3,000 others -- at the
Superbowl last year in Jacksonville, Fla. And in his defense, as if he needed to
mount one, the single Ford admits he likes women.

Maybe the Republicans attacked him for this preference -- which does, after all,
set him apart from certain Republicans this year.

Ford himself seemed nonplussed at the venality. "You know your opponent is
scared when his main opposition against you is, 'My opponent likes girls,'" he
said, to the delight of a campaign audience.

Some of the innuendo may be lost on socially liberal Central Coast residents,
but in parts of the South, it's clear at whose crass sensitivities the ad is
directed.

Political science professor John Gere of Vanderbilt University, who studies
political advertising, said the TV spot "makes the Willie Horton ad look like
child's play."

"It's raising the race card and playing it through the use of old-style fears
about interracial couples and interracial relations. I've never seen anything
like this."

Ford had been falling behind Corker in recent polls. But after the ad was pulled
last Wednesday, Ford's numbers bounced, so disgusted were many Tennesseans by
the tactic. Now the race is looking like a dead heat, with Ford gaining
momentum.

This is no small matter. The Tennessee seat is in play only because Senate
Majority Leader Bill Frist gave it up to run for president in 2008 -- which is
looking like a longer shot every day -- thinking it would be safe for a
Republican.

Now, not only is it not safe, it could be the seat that gives control of the
Senate to the Democrats -- putting an end to the far right's hopes of packing
the Supreme Court with Antonin Scalia clones.

Needing six Republican seats for control, Democrats seem certain of four:
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Rhode Island and Montana. Missouri and Virginia, in addition
to Tennessee, are in play. My call: Dems gain five.

And for the record, here is my bet on the House: Democrats are a lock to pick up
the minimum 15 seats they need for control. Five more are Democratic leaners,
and another dozen are tossups. My number? Dems gain 22.

So let the nail-biting begin.

When the Halloween starting gun on the home campaign stretch goes off, liberal
sufferers of PEAD -- Pre-Election Anxiety Disorder (see last week's column) --
will be at their nervous worst, fearing above all a last-minute Rovian gambit
that will make the Tennessee ad seem tame. To help out, I recommend two Web
sites to assist election junkies in following the latest polls.

The first is realclearpolitics.com/polls, a conservative commentary site with an
excellent compendium of up-to-date polls on key Senate and House races.

But polls only reflect peoples' stated preferences. For a clearer indication of
trends, nothing beats putting money where your poll is.

That makes my second stop Tradesports.com, where traders can actually buy and
sell, using real money in a market setting, the equivalent of political futures
contracts, betting on individual contests. Risking cash wrings the sentiment out
of political prognostication.

At Tradesports.com, Bob Corker is favored, but the money, as of this writing, is
trending to Harold Ford.

Now try to relax. A week is an eternity in politics.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 11, 2005 Sunday

Tall buildings, tall targets, tall ambitionsMan's tall ambitions

BYLINE: Douglas Bell, Special to the Star

SECTION: Pg. D09

LENGTH: 1280 words


In the days leading up to and following 9/11, I found myself reporting from
Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. I had been assigned by one of those thick
travel magazines to render my impressions of the hotels and restaurants in a
city that was touted as the Arab world's answer to Hong Kong.

In the course of a couple of hours, my sense of that city switched from an
entirely conventional experience of gourmandise and la dolce vita to a
disquieting, somewhat sinister kaleidoscope of conflicting impressions and
emotions.

As it happened, I was staying on the highest floor in the tallest building in
the Arab world, the Emirates Tower.

As the horror unfolded throughout the late afternoon, I sat with a British
engineer living in Oman taking a shaky drink in a bar on one of the hotel's
upper floors.

"You know where we are, don't you?" he asked rhetorically while surveying the
city below. "It's the Hypocrite Hilton."

He was referring to the fact that the Emirates Tower was a showpiece of the
Emirates royal family members, who, along with the Saudi royals, were
quintessential sinners in the eyes of Bin Laden and his death-cult followers
(four of the 19 hijackers held Emirates passports).

In their radical Islamic vernacular, the two most despicable entities in their
hierarchy of venality are infidels (non-believers) and hypocrites (believers
who've fallen to the vile temptations of the infidel), hence "Hypocrite Hilton."

That evening, returning to my room, I considered the option of getting out of
the hotel in case the attacks on the twin towers in New York City were only the
first game in an infidel hypocrite high-rise doubleheader.

In my terror, I decided to stay because, if I abandoned my room, then I would be
giving up my right to sleep in a hotel bed over a thousand feet off the desert
floor, and "the terrorists would win."

As frightened as my thinking was that night, it shadows the motivation behind
the current zeal among infidel and hypocrite alike to build higher and higher
above the earth.

Among the tallest dozen or so projects either under way or nearing their
groundbreaking is the Freedom Tower in New York, which, at precisely 1,776
patriotic feet tall, is a sort of freestanding symbol of America's repudiation
of her attackers.

Potentially dwarfing even that is the 2,300-foot Burj Dubai already under way
and scheduled for topping off by the end of 2008, a year before its New York
counterpart.

While there is little doubt that the usual commercial considerations apply in
both cases, it is equally clear that at least part of the impetus for these two
projects is the brute desire to re-establish the pre-eminence of progress and
modernity in the guise of humanity's most visible expression of material
ambition, the skyscraper.

The architectural bent toward constructing taller and taller buildings was born
in the United States at the turn of the last century, more or less
simultaneously in Chicago and New York. There were, of course, a complex web of
technological and demographic factors that allowed the race the sky to begin.
"For that to happen," writes the eminent urban historian Peter Hall in his
majestic urban study Cities in Civilization, "electric railroads had to marry
with another set of technologies: the steel-framed skyscraper building served by
the electric lift... and incorporating also the technologies that made the
modern office possible: the telephone, the typewriter, the dictation machine,
and ubiquitous electrical power which lit the office and served... this first
generation of office machinery. From then on it was a race..."

And like so many American novelties - movies, rock 'n' roll, television - what
was born of commercial ambition was shortly to be identified with the broader
palette of American cultural imperialism and mythmaking. "The skyscraper,"
writes Hall, "like so many innovations of the last thirty years of the 19th
century, was an American invention, the most distinctively American thing in the
world. Europeans soon began to notice it as something exotic: arriving in New
York Harbour in 1876, T.H. Huxley commented on two towers on the skyline: 'Ah,
that is interesting; this is America. In the Old World the first thing you see
as you approach a great city are steeples; here you see, first, centres of
intelligence.'"

Cass Gilbert, the architect of the Woolworth Building in New York, wrote in the
early part of the century that "a skyscraper by its height... is a monument
whose masses must become more and more inspired the higher it rises. The Gothic
style gave us the possibility of expressing the greatest degree of aspiration...
the ultimate note of the mass gradually gaining in spirituality the higher it
mounts."

As America grew to be the pre-eminent power on Earth, those centres of
intelligence became the symbols of the extension and reach of American
military/industrial might throughout the world. (Where the race to build the
tallest building was, for the better part of the 20th century, a contest within
America, with the spread of commercial culture the race is now global, there
being little distinction in this sense between globalization and
Americanization.) Writing of the greater effort put into design and
ornamentation of early towers in New York over those in Chicago, R.A.M. Stern
captures the essence of this quintessentially American ethos: "[Whereas] Chicago
expressed the idea of business, New York portrayed the ideas of business"
(italics added).

Moreover, writes Hall, skyscrapers are perfectly suited to the
military/industrial mindset: "Building skyscrapers... was the nearest peace-time
equivalent of war involving military type logistical operations of fearsome
complexity."

To the extent that any society seeks to express its advancing commercial and
nationalist aspirations, the skyscraper is the symbol of that advance. Cities as
culturally diverse as Shanghai, Kuala Lumpur, Taipei, and Dubai have joined
traditional leaders New York and Chicago in erecting office towers that bespeak
these ambitions. Is it any wonder that Shanghai, with its burgeoning skyline, is
now the symbol - more so even than Beijing - of a modernizing, commercially and
militarily ambitious Chinese nationalism?

Dubai's place as an avatar of this movement is both fitting and deeply ironic.
Fed by funds derived directly from the very fuel that drives the American
economy, and modelled on the no-tax policies of Hong Kong, Dubai is among the
world's most aggressively commercial cities. In addition to the Emirates Tower,
it is home to the world's first six-star hotel: the iconically modernist tower
hotel the Burj Al Arab. Like Shanghai, it is a city more or less constantly
under construction.

The irony resides in its status as one of the centres of Islamic extremism,
having been the financial clearing house for the 9/11 hijackers. The very ethos
that drives the construction of edifices like the Burj tower drove the hijackers
and their supporters to knock down the similarly inspired World Trade Center.

And so for all the hype around the renewal of the race skyward, there is a
recognition that these symbols of our common commitment to progress are not
without their dark shadow. The recent hastily struck redesign of the Freedom
Tower in response to security concerns essentially placed the building on a
giant steel pedestal solely in an effort to thwart the ambitions of potential
car bombers like those who first tried to bring down the World Trade Center in
1993. It is hardly the stuff of exalted inspiration but such is the current
price for "expressing the greatest degree of aspiration" - all 1,776 feet of it.

Douglas Bell is a Toronto writer, actor and journalist.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2005 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              288 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Qualities Of the Squid, As Observed In the Capitol

BYLINE: By JIM DWYER.

E-mail: dwyer@nytimes.com Twitter: @jimdwyernyt

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; ABOUT NEW YORK; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 698 words


In nature, the octopus and the squid are known for their quick-changing colors,
allowing them to blend into any environment. Lacking spines, they can slip
through the tiniest crevices. Yet they have tremendous strength in their
tentacles, which are lined with suction-cup structures that have so much power
they can burst an artery in a human, capsize boats, or stay fixed to a rock
until they are good and ready to let go.

On dry land, it appears that the nearest relative of the squid would be the
Albany legislator: It is hard to tell one from another, they are often
spineless, and perhaps most critical to their survival, possess enough suction
power to keep them glued to their chairs in perpetuity, or at least until
indictment or death. (Mere unconsciousness is no obstacle: one legislator
learned he had ''voted'' for a bill when he was actually in a hospital,
anesthetized and undergoing surgery.)

After a week of arrests involving Albany lawmakers and various local officials,
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on Tuesday that the moment had arrived ''to redouble
our reform efforts.'' He proposed changes to criminal codes that, in effect,
would make it even more against the law to be a crook than it already is. The
laws would make it riskier for people to corrupt the government, he noted, but
they could hardly be expected to end the practice.

''You're not going to legislate away criminality and greed and venality and
abuse and arrogance,'' Mr. Cuomo said. ''Arrogance and ignorance, it doesn't
matter what the law says. It's human behavior.''

There were bigger questions, he said. ''Why can't we get better people to run?''
he asked, rhetorically. ''How do we open the process and get more competition?''

He didn't have to ask the question. It is the Albany squid effect, in which the
most powerful suction comes through the drawing of electoral maps every 10 years
when a new census comes out.

Mr. Cuomo knows it well: He campaigned on a promise to bring it to an end, but
did not deliver.

The two main political parties have a longstanding deal that allows each side to
fix the maps so their incumbents are protected from any serious challenge. Over
the last decade, there have been dozens of uncontested races for the Senate and
the Assembly, according to a report issued in January by Citizens Union,
advocates for government reform.

The incumbents, the noble and the atrocious alike, stay in Albany year after
year as if they were attached by tentacles to rocks in a tidal pool. Each party
has controlled one chamber of the Legislature for 38 of the last 40 years,
according to the report. Because the parties lump hostile voters into districts,
the will of the people gets shaved down. Republicans are underrepresented in the
Assembly and Democrats are underrepresented in the Senate.

Amazingly, before the most recent redistricting, Edward I. Koch, the former New
York City mayor who died in February, led a campaign to have people running for
office promise that they would not use the old divide-the-spoils mapping system.
At least 138 legislators signed a pledge promising to turn it over to an
independent commission.

When they got into office, many of them said, ''Oh, yes, we will do that
eventually.'' Mr. Koch, in one of the final political battles of his life,
howled in outrage.

''It's the most devious legislature in America,'' he said. ''We tried our best
and the ghouls won.''

Despite his promises to reform the redistricting, Mr. Cuomo could not have
looked forward to a State Senate controlled by Democrats like Malcolm A. Smith,
who was then under investigation for many things, and who wound up being one of
those arrested last week.

Having promised to veto maps drawn up by the politicians, the governor traded
pension reform and a few other items on his legislative agenda. Then he caved
in. ''The madness has to stop,'' Mr. Cuomo said. ''This is a bad movie that
replays every 10 years.'' He did extract a commitment for an amendment to the
State Constitution that would lock in an independent process in the future.

That is, they would reform the maps in 10 years.

Or as Augustine wrote in the Confessions, ''Oh, Master, make me chaste and
celibate -- but not yet.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/10/nyregion/the-qualities-of-the-squid-as-observe
d-in-the-capitol.html

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, top, campaigned on a promise to end New
York's electoral map system, as urged by former Mayor Edward I. Koch.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 JOHN DURICKA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              289 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Friday - Pay TV

BYLINE: Brad Newsome

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Preview; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 463 words


The Henry Rollins Show

Hopeless Pictures

Pets for Profit

The Henry Rollins Show

Movie Extra, 10pm

Henry, pictured, is as mad as hell and he's not gonna take it any more - not, of
course, that he ever took it in the first place. Each episode of this show gives
the formidably physical and intellectual punk pioneer a full half-hour to
deliver tirades about American venality and vacuity and interview the
like-minded. Tonight's guest is filmmaker Oliver Stone, who, in a lurid orange
jacket with matching socks, asserts that President George Bush has gone far
beyond Richard Nixon in deceiving the public and says he wishes he was making
Nixon now because it is likely more people would watch it. The problem with
American society, Stone says, is that there's no longer any value placed on hard
work for modest achievement. You're either No. 1 or you're nothing, he says, so
it follows that a mere congressman has no right to question the president. After
much enthusiastic agreement, Rollins bids Stone adieu, composes a vicious open
letter to Laura Bush, pays tribute to Keanu Reeves for risking his career with
his gay role in My Own Private Idaho and introduces a performance by
Sleater-Kinney, who rock the casbah. Next week's guest is Public Enemy's Chuck
D.

Hopeless Pictures

Movie Extra, 10.30pm

A rather outre, very clever and reasonably funny adult cartoon about minor
Hollywood studio boss Mel Wax, who, as he explains, has "a nutjob alcoholic
director on the loose in Zagreb, a mortgage the size of the national debt and a
wife who thinks I'm f---ing everything that moves, which happens to be a pretty
accurate assessment of the situation". Wax and most of the other characters
share a shrink, who has a one-size-fits-all approach. The good thing about your
problems, he tells them, is that they're real.

Pets for Profit

Lifestyle, 8pm

No, it's not about how to turn a quid from your corgis, it's a look at the
businesses that will happily trouser thousands of your hard-earned dollars if
you're prepared to go all-out on pooch-pampering. The show (which is actually an
episode of the BBC's Money Programme) bounces between London and New York,
introducing us to nutters who spend a fortune on clothes, food and furniture for
their dogs. How about £60 ($A145) for a Hello Kitty T-shirt? That's nothing. Or
£500 for a Vivienne Westwood jacket? Now you're talking. The most everyday rort,
however, seems to be the giant cornucopia of ridiculously overpriced pet food -
are prime cuts of meat and delicate blends of herbs and spices really necessary
for a species that eats its own faeces? Then there's the pet insurance industry,
which is worth £265 million a year in Britain alone, and the high cost of
arthritis therapy. Whatever happened to the good old-fashioned hessian sack?

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                              June 10, 2005 Friday

Friday Readers' Forum

SECTION: READERS' FORUM

LENGTH: 574 words


Mainsteam media's 'denial'

Columnist Kathleen Parker makes it clear, in her continued insistence on the
Bush administration's trustworthiness in the Iraq quagmire, that no evidence
could ever emerge that would compel her to see Cheney, Rumsfeld & Co. as they
really are.

Forget the "cream pies and salad dressing" that she worries might be thrown at
her; it's facts that she [along with the rest of the mainstream media] is
determined to dodge whenever they crop up.

Smoking gun after smoking gun has surfaced -the "Downing Street Memo," Paul
O'Neill's revelations, the Project for a New American Century blueprint for a
Middle East takeover [with its "another Pearl Harbor" reference], and the
numerous intelligence agents who have testified that when they brought back GOOD
intelligence [indicating that Iraq had no link to 9/11], they were told to come
back when they found a link.

Without exception, it points to a war [and subsequent occupation] for which
plans were being laid before any WMD verdicts, before 9/11.

Yet Parker, in pretending to reprimand the administration over its reaction to
the Newsweek flap, is more concerned with exonerating them, essentially saying,
"Hey, everyone makes innocent mistakes - Bush made one once."

Many of us have been asking what it would take -what kind of undeniable,
in-your-face proof would suffice - to wake up the mainstream media to the
venality of this administration. We need to face facts: it won't happen.

The Kathleen Parkers of this world have too deep an emotional investment in the
mythology of America-the-defender-of-all-that-is-good; they'll continue to
discount any evidence, no matter how solid, that could threaten that image.

The strongest weapon our current leaders have, in fact, is the media's ongoing
denial that any American administration could be as self-serving and corrupt as
this one keeps revealing itself to be.

Practicing democracy

The Independent Journal article on May 20, "Decorum often an explicit policy for
public officials," leaves much to be desired.

The IJ glosses over what really occurs at government meetings and how speakers
are treated when they are at the podium.

In the article, a Corte Madera councilman comments, "We let the people speak, we
don't engage them." How un-informed. He evidently has not heard of the Brown
Act, which gives the public the right to speak and to know.

It appears that elected officials [some] take the premise: "You elected us, now
stay our of our faces." Is this democracy?

Recently, at a Marin Municipal Water Board meeting a member of the audience
spoke using an analogy to make his point. The board president district lawyer
informed him that commenting on water only was allowed and if the speaker did
not sit down, the sheriff would be called and have him removed. I wonder if this
is a form of censorship.

Some officials have decided they will determine which citizens to listen to and
those "gadflies" to be ignored. They fail to realize how difficult it is to
stand at the podium to be intimidated by disinterested elected officials.

Democracy is never easy, but it is worth the effort. Removing elected bodies is
not the answer. What works is participation by the public.

Sadly, the public shows little concern in the public process which works to the
advantage of those who govern.

Stanley Schriebman, Fairfax

Reed Fromer, San Rafael

Copyright and permissions

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              291 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                           October 23, 1997, Thursday

Extra good take on bad seeds

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: EVAN WILLIAMS

SECTION: FULLPAGE, LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 250 words


LA Confidential is easily the most accomplished and enjoyable American film I
have seen this year. It works perfectly on its own terms. The noir police
thriller is a genre so hemmed in by obligatory routines and conventional pieties
that even the most inventive director is hard put to make something fresh from
the familiar ingredients. Curtis Hanson has succeeded brilliantly.

His film does full justice to its source material. James Ellroy's bulky novel is
a densely packed, richly embroidered yarn which speaks in the authentic tones of
its protagonists. The film captures perfectly the essence of Ellroy's seedy
world.

In this long, engrossing study of venality and ambition, Hanson keeps his
characters decently poised above the mire of plot twists and violence. The three
detectives at the centre of the story, played by Guy Pearce, Russell Crowe and
Kevin Spacey, are sharply drawn. As a bonus we have a wonderful period study of
Los Angeles in the last days of innocence; the early TV shows, the gossip mags
and slushy scandal sheets, the frowsy glamour of the old Hollywood in transition
from the days of the big studio star system.

The acting is uniformly good, but Pearce brings special subtlety and authority
to his unattractive role. I doubt if I would have enjoyed it any less if the
roles of Pearce and Crowe had been played by Robert Di Niro and Dustin Hoffman,
but I would not have felt the same fleeting, irrational pride in the result.

This is a fine achievement.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              292 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                December 14, 1986, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Helen Hayes lives to see revival of The Front Page

BYLINE: By Sidney Zion Special to The Star NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1690 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK - The Front Page is back on Broadway, and what a calliope call that
must sound to the generations of newspaper people who fell in love with the game
the moment after the curtain opened on those gorgeous mugs cutting the cards and
doing the same to the pols in the press room of the Chicago City Hall and County
Building. If there was a way to get a computer printout of the newsmen and women
who got the bug from The Front Page, it's odds-on we'd find almost everybody who
meant anything in the profession, and plenty we never heard of, like the guards
and tackles who work the rewrite bank. Plus a few who turned up later in the
ivory towers of the Fourth Estate, light years away from the wisecracking,
get-that-story-or-die bunch who barrel their way through Ben Hecht and Charles
MacArthur's American classic. Somehow, wherever it may have ended, the dream
started in that gouty, smoky dustbin of a pressroom with its window-view of the
gallows.

This play - the latest revival, starring John Lithgow and Richard Thomas, opened
last month at Broadway's Vivian Beaumont Theatre - is such a wondrous
celebration of the newspaper racket that those of us in it inevitably overlook
everything else about it. Which is quite crazy. If Hecht and MacArthur had
written a play just for newspapermen, it would have closed the night it opened
in 1928. What the authors pulled off here was nothing less than a full-scale
assault on hypocrisy, illusion, venality and name-your-Seven-Deadly-Sins. And
managed this universality with more gusto and guffaws than even the Marx
Brothers could put together with the Ritz Brothers.

But I will intrude no further on the turf of the drama critics. Instead, I'll
take you to see Helen Hayes.

Last one left

She still lives in Nyack, N.Y., in the fine old river house Charlie MacArthur
picked out for her 55 years ago. She's the last person left with a direct
connection to the original production of The Front Page. Charlie died 30 years
ago, Ben Hecht in 1964. George S. Kaufman, the director, and Jed Harris, the
producer, are gone. Lee Tracy, who played the hotshot young reporter Hildy
Johnson, is dead. So is the real Hildy Johnson. Osgood Perkins, who created the
role of Walter Burns, the managing editor, is long gone. So is Walter Howey, the
legendary Chicago Hearst city editor who was the real Walter Burns. In The Front
Page there were two deaths for every character. Ben and Charlie didn't fool
around. These newspaper bums were plucked right out of that pressroom, hurling
epithets all the way.

"Charlie wooed me with Walter Howey stories," Helen Hayes said the other day on
her terrace overlooking the Hudson River. "We courted for four years - he had a
lot of trouble getting a divorce - so I think I heard everything there was to
hear about Mr. Howey. I thought he must be the most exciting man in the world.
Charlie not only adored him, he looked up to him, and Charlie didn't look up to
many people. I was dying to meet him, but we were in New York and he was still
in Chicago. Finally, 'bout a year after Front Page opened, he came to town with
his wife and we set up dinner.

"I was so excited I could hardly spit. It was like opening night. The great
Walter Howey, at long last.

"And he never said a word after 'hello.' He couldn't order his dinner. He was
awed by me. I was a star on Broadway and he couldn't believe he was in the
presence of such a persona. He turned into Caspar Milquetoast."

How did MacArthur feel about that?

"Charlie was beside himself, he was humiliated. Here he'd been building this man
up to me for years and - nothing. But that kind of thing always happened to
Charlie."

Like?

"He wrote Lulu Belle, before The Front Page, and it was well received on
Broadway. It starred Lenore Ulric, a magnificent actress, a towering figure in
the theatre. I was playing in What Every Woman Knows at the time, so I couldn't
get to see Lulu Belle. But every night Charlie would pick me up backstage and
always he'd tell me about how the crowds would wait for Lenore Ulric and strew
roses over her as she left the playhouse.

"I was determined to witness this scene. So I changed quickly one night and ran
over there with Charlie. He had a bouquet of roses in hand. When we got there
Lenore Ulric was standing on her perch. But nobody else. No roses. Poor Charlie
threw his at her, one at a time. And it really was the only night of the run
when nobody showed up."

Ben Hecht once wrote of his pal MacArthur: "He had a remarkable allure for every
human who came across him." Helen Hayes walked smack into it during a November
twilight in 1924.

She was the new kid on Broadway, playing the lead in the

Kaufman-Connelly hit To The Ladies. Everybody knew her name, but nobody knew
Helen Hayes. She lived in a hall bedroom with her mother and was totally
innocent of the ways of the Great White Way and the Jazz Age and the Prohibition
Era. Not to mention Men. Impossible to believe about any girl in her 20s during
the '20s, much less a beautiful actress who had captured critics and audience
both.

On this November day Hayes was on her way home when Marc Connelly, the co-author
of her play, spotted her. Connelly was shopping for a Christmas gift to give his
ladylove, and would Helen come along and help him select something just right?
She was worried. Am I to help him pick out some exotic lingerie? But she agreed.
And Connelly went straight to a bookstore and chose a Tenniel original of Alice
In Wonderland. He then escorted his leading lady to a Manhattan studio. And into
the life of Charles MacArthur.

Knew everybody

"It was Neysa McMein's studio," Hayes said. "It's hard to believe now that I
have to tell you who she was. Every day from 4 to 7, people dropped in at
Neysa's studio. She was a great magazine illustrator. And she knew everybody.
But I didn't know that when Mr. Connelly walked me up the stairs to her place.

"What a crowd it was. George Gershwin was playing the piano in one corner.
Irving Berlin was playing the piano in another corner. Robert Benchley was
there, and Alexander Woollcott and Dorothy Parker. Oh, my. I sat in my own
corner, happy to be ignored. I was very shy, and for good reason. Who was I,
next to these people?"

MacArthur was still years away from The Front Page, he was only recently in from
Chicago. But hardly shy. He walked over to Hayes in her corner, and made the
greatest approach in the history of romance. It is a story so oft-told that you
just know it couldn't be true.

"Did he really do that number with the peanuts?" I asked Hayes.

"Oh, yes," she said. "This beautiful young man came over to me with a bag in his
hand and said, 'Want a peanut?'

"No one else had spoken to me. I was amazed! But I answered correctly. I said,
'Yes, thank you.' He poured several peanuts into my hands. Then he smiled at me
and said, 'I wish they were emeralds.' "

He took her out of there and home through the park in a hansom cab. She was head
over heels before he dropped her off, but if MacArthur felt that way he didn't
let her know. It was months before she saw him again - at another party - and of
course years before they could marry, owing to his divorce problem.

"My mother didn't like Charlie, she never approved of him, she called him the
'satire.' She meant

satyr, but she pronounced it 'satire.' Charlie didn't like her, either, and he
got even with her in The Front Page."

How's that?

Hayes said: "She was Mrs. Grant in Front Page."

The mother? Hildy Johnson's girl's mother? That old nag?

"Sure. That was my mom. Charlie's version."

Did Mrs. Hayes know this?

"Mrs. Brown," Hayes said. "My name was Helen Hayes Brown. I dropped the Brown
for show-business purposes. Mama Brown, we called my mother. And, yes, she knew
Charlie had made her the Mrs. Grant character. She never said as much, but she
knew. It didn't make her feel any kinder toward Charlie. And, of course, he
wasn't your peacemaker type.

Wrong drink

"When he went back to the Army in World War II (he had been in the infantry in
the first war in France), they stationed him in Washington. He was living in an
apartment with a couple of other officers. One night my mother decided to visit
him there. Checking up on him, I'm sure. Charlie told his pals he'd get rid of
her and then they could go out on the town. He slipped her a Mickey. But she
grabbed the 'wrong' drink. Charlie downed the Mickey. And passed out."

Mama Brown would have likely killed MacArthur had he not married her daughter,
after four years together. And he wouldn't have done, had The Front Page
flopped.

"Charlie finally got his divorce, but he just couldn't marry me until he was at
my level of success," Hayes said. "Lulu Belle was a hit, but not where Charlie
considered the level. So I had to sweat through The Front Page, and did I
sweat!"

She went rummaging around the house looking for something. "I have to find a
picture for you," she said. She eventually discovered it in a historical book
about Nyack.

"Here!" she said, triumphantly. And showed me a drawing of the Rockland Female
Institute.

"This is where Charlie and Ben wrote The Front Page," Hayes said. "They rented
this old girls' school in South Nyack. They had about 50 rooms all to
themselves. And they needed the space. They shouted so much at each other,
they'd have been evicted anywhere else. We used to go up there on Sundays, Rose
Hecht and I, to bring them provender. And we'd hear the shouting as we laid out
the food. They were so crazy, those boys - imagine renting a girls' school to
write a play!"

Who wrote what? Everybody always wanted to know that. What did Ben do, what did
Charlie do?

"Ben wrote most of the dialogue," Hayes said. "He was so brilliant, the words
flowed out of his pen. And he did the plot turns, he was a great dramatist.

"Charlie created the characters. He knew those fellows inside and out, he knew
their souls. It was a great combination, Ben and Charlie. Thank God it worked,
or who knows what would have happened to us all, particularly me and Charlie."

NEW YORK TIMES

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 3 photos Helen Hayes

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              293 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday

VALENTINE'S GIVES ME A [HEART] ATTACK

BYLINE: Andrea Peyser

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1126 words


THE day I dread more than flying coach is almost here. No, it's not Christmas,
Super Bowl Sunday or Ramadan, but every festival you've ever celebrated, rolled
into one explosive package.

Sunday is Valentine's Day. Stay under the bed if you value your sanity, New
York.

The annual holiday dedicated to cheesy, insincere sentiment, wilting flowers,
flimsy undergarments and bad poetry is fast approaching. But I won't be
celebrating.

I was brought to earth about the underlying vein of venality that runs through
the day of Godiva and Hallmark by a friend from Manhattan. She told me about her
anticipation, bordering on lunacy, as her first V-Day with her new husband
approached.

This gal made reservations. She made handmade chocolates. She bought enough
flowers to fill a mausoleum, and actually lost five pounds in order to squeeze
into the skimpy red nightie she'd purchased at Victoria's Secret and wore, like
a human tartlet, for her man to see as he walked in the door. Yes, my friends
are insane. Needless to say, she suited up in her Valentine's armor. And she
waited.

And waited.

Her efforts were met not with the shock and awe she craved. They were met with
divorce papers. For Valentine's Day, especially in this city of too many and too
much - too many chicks, too much anticipation, too much drama - has earned
another name: Dump Day.

"I was such a maniac," my pal says now. I'll leave out the expletives. Let's
just say her man ran for the hills.

What is it about the holiday that makes otherwise intelligent adults behave like
frantic toddlers on a sugar rush? And, more to the point, why do we attach so
much need and expectation to any random day, putting our self-worth on the line
in pursuit of a bonbon?

My pal is not the only woman I know who was let go by her
boyfriend/husband/married lover on or near the day of love. She fell into the
trap of being unable to be satisfied - making her man feel woefully inadequate
as she attached far too much significance to his every grunt and syllable.
Others, of course, take the opposite route, which is filled with just as many
pitfalls.

Take me. So turned off am I by the commercially canned words of love that pop
out of every store, bodega and boutique around Valentine's Day, my husband is
more likely to get a fight than a hug. But if he, for one moment, fails to bring
me my slippers and a martini, he's a dead man.

I have a solution to the Valentine's Dilemma.

On the big day, give me something I really want. Rub my feet. Hand me the
remote. I know you can do it.

Give me a moment's peace. Take the kid out for a few hours. Turn off "Star
Trek." Let me watch the sappy movies to which I'm secretly addicted, like
"Titanic" (above). I'll just deny it later.

And I'll take one chocolate. OK, two. I'll even get you one.

And last, let's do this in March. Or April. Or both.

It's Valentine's Day, not a massacre. Deep breaths, New Yorkers. You'll have to
go through this again next year.

FAT IS IN THE FIRE FOR MICHELLE

Step away from the Ding Dongs.

Michelle Obama is on an obesity kick. But she's sending mixed messages - and
shaming her own daughters - in a bipolar bid to make your kids thin.

Mrs. O has boasted that she nursed daughters Sasha, 8, and Malia, 11, prompting
breastfeeding advocacy types to urge her to use that in her anti-fat campaign.
But Supermommy dropped a bombshell late last month: Breast milk did nothing to
prevent her young 'uns from getting a wee bit pleasantly plump.

In a move destined to propel the first daughters into fits of bulimia, Mrs. O
announced, "I thought my kids were perfect. They are and will always be, but" -
this is a huge "but" - "[a doctor] warned that he was concerned that something
was getting off balance" with the girls' bodies. The president cut the
euphemism, spilling to ABC earlier that Malia "was getting a little chubby."
Calling Dr. Spock!

After getting more involved in the girls' food intake, Mrs. O says now things
are "on track."

I dislike fat as much as the next gym-goer. But her obsessions make me nauseous.
Which may be the point.

12-SHTUP FRAUDS

It's not fair! Why do Tiger and Letterman get a free pass?

It's the ratings, stupid.

An early competitor in the sex-addiction sweepstakes, former ESPN baseball
analyst Steve Phillips, whose craving for a bizarro woman was eclipsed by
Tiger's Herculean appetites, has graduated from sex rehab to Matt Lauer's
therapy couch.

Unlike his megawatt fellow perverts, this cable guy lost his job and maybe his
marriage for the love of an unglued assistant.

This left Phillips with no choice but to beg forgiveness on network TV.

He said - big surprise - that he was powerless in the face of his disease.
"You're broken inside. You've got a hole that you've tried to fill, whether it
was with alcohol or drugs or sex or gambling with whatever."

Mmm-kay . . .

I wish guys would get real and call the sickness of spoiled, rich and oversexed
men what it is: Fun while it lasted.

DOES TIGER STILL GOT THAT SWING?

Tiger Woods reportedly wants to stick his nose out of the hole in which he's
been hiding, groundhog-like, and do what comes naturally. I'm talking about
golf.

But will enforced chastity help his game?

Tiger's wife, Elin, is ready to make up with the man who betrayed her, over and
over. Cleaning crews have been spotted outside the couple's Florida mansion, and
a good thing when you consider the questionable cast of cuties with whom Tiger's
been linked.

Tiger's caddy, meanwhile, insists he's not ready to play. But it seems just a
matter of time before Tiger hits the links with his new sexual sobriety. I hope,
for Elin's sake, Tiger's skills survive his declawing.

O'S TERROR TEAM IN THE TWILIGHT ZONE

Watching Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano's advisory council meet in
the city last week, one got the feeling that the squad enlisted to save us from
terrorists is out to lunch. I hope it was liquid.

Mayor Bloomberg drew stares when he warned of a nuclear attack on New York if
federal funding is cut. But Planet Janet, who only just added the word
"terrorist" to her vocabulary, ignored him, yammering instead about the threat
from Mexico. Who knew?

Former Sen. Gary Hart (remember him?) was at a different event altogether,
lecturing about protecting enemies' civil liberties - a lofty concern in a time
of war.

So it came as little surprise when President Obama threw a snit last weekend,
and said he's still considering holding the trials of Khalid Sheik Mohammed and
Co. in Manhattan, costing taxpayers a billion and threatening lives.

Maybe he's feeling stubborn. Or he truly hates us. But our safety is nothing to
yammer about. A military tribunal is not just the best way to go. It's the only
way.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scene from "Titanic."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 12, 1984 Monday

Champs fall with a thud

BYLINE: CAROLE CORBEIL; GAM

LENGTH: 506 words


BY  CAROLE CORBEIL
   Every year the coach and the boys get together for a few brews and a
 nervous breakdown. It is not a pretty sight. It is never a pretty sight to
 see grown, but congenitally shallow American men grow maudlin together.

The really unfortunate thing, however, about That Championship Season,  which is
a Jason Miller-directed-and-written-movie based on a Jason Miller  play, is that
Jason Miller wants us to  feel sorry for these boys. You  see, the coach and the
boys of Scranton High won the 1957 basketball  championship, and they've never
experienced anything better than that  high, the high of being, as the coach
puts it, One Flesh For Excellence.

At first you think That Championship Season will have the good grace to
 be a satirical parable on the venality and false values of small-town
 America. No such luck. Jason Miller is One Flesh with his menopausal
 characters. He loves all their flaws (he's especially fond of their tear
 ducts) and he actually thinks that the coach (Robert Mitchum) has
 something to teach those boys. I mean, let's hear it for Reaganomics of
 the heart: women and booze turn men into softies; winning is everything; a
 team teeming with corruption is always better than an individual thought.

George (Bruce Dern) is the mayor of Scranton, Pa., and he's run the
 town on graft, blackmail and lazy hype. It is now election time, and
 George is being challenged by a young man with bright ideas; this young
 man does not, for instance, happen to think that strip mining is a good
 idea. Phil (Paul Sorvino), who was on that championship team with George
 and Jim (Stacy Keach) and Jim's brother (Martin Sheen), just happens to
 lease land from the city for strip-mining purposes. Phil has always
 supported George, of course, but now it looks as if the young man will
 win. Male Betrayal is very much in the air.

The revelations come thick and fast as the boys sit in the coach's
 Scranton parlor, drinking and eating burnt chicken. Jim, who is the school
 superintendent, as well as George's campaign manager, lets it slip that
 Phil is having an affair with George's wife. George goes bananas and takes
 up a shotgun. The basketball-cum-therapy coach cools down the situation
 with a few well-placed platitudes. From that point on, the pattern is
 entirely predictable: one of the boys pops out with a revelation, another
 boy freaks out, then the therapy coach comes to the rescue.

The rest, as they say, is blarney and self-pity. The play is pure
 artifice. The film is claustrophobic artifice. It is remarkably difficult
 to feel anything for these aging, racist, sexist, silly boys. An
 intelligent writer wouldn't try; he'd send them up. As to the
 performances, well, these actors throw themselves into their roles with
 the kind of feverish self-indulgence usually attributed to bad actresses.
 Dern is Dern to the nth power, and Keach is Keach, but Mitchum is better
 than usual, and convincing in an odd way. Sheen, on the other hand, gives
 up early in the game, and lets his red eyes do all the emoting.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 9, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

The Special-Prosecutor Stakes

BYLINE: By Alfred E. Kahn; Alfred E. Kahn, President Jimmy Carter's adviser on
inflation, is professor of political economy at Cornell University.

SECTION: Section A; Page 19, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: ITHACA, N.Y.


Now that the Supreme Court has heard oral arguments on the constitutionality of
the law establishing special prosecutors, we enter the second act of a political
drama that could generate a crisis of confidence in our democratic institutions.
As such, the case deserves far greater scrutiny than it has gotten.

Apparently, a respectable case can be made on both sides of the constitutional
question. The Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington decided, 2 to 1, that the
law violates the separation of powers principle in the Constitution. On the
other side are the Constitution's words that ''the Congress may by law vest the
appointment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of departments.''

The issue is also profoundly political, in all senses of that term. It was
obviously not mere coincidence that the two judges who struck down the statute
were Reagan appointees and the dissenter a Carter appointee.

Nor is it coincidental that the public debate clearly has aligned the
Administration and its supporters against the liberal opposition, in political
and academic circles, and that the challenges to the law have been lodged by
present and former members of the Administration, most of them associated in one
way or another with accusations of corruption and venality, improper exertion of
political influence, disregard of laws, lying to Congress, conducting a personal
foreign policy and misuse of Government funds.

Finally, it is no coincidence that the defenders of the statute are eager to
preserve a device that insures vigorous prosecution of such offenses when the
executive branch may not be trusted to do so, because of conflicts between its
prosecutorial responsibilities and its personal and political interests and
associations.

The Supreme Court is heavily constituted of appointees by the Administration,
which is in effect on trial in these proceedings - Justices O'Connor, Scalia and
Kennedy appointed by President Reagan, and Justice Rehnquist elevated by him to
Chief Justice.

This is the group that, together with Justice White, has just chosen on its own
initiative to reconsider the constitutionality of a 7 to 2 decision in 1976
expanding the protections against discrimination enacted in Civil Rights Acts
shortly after the Civil War - demonstrating a willingness to violate the
injunctions to practice ''judicial restraint'' that they have themselves so
frequently advocated in other contexts.

If this group, in another exercise of the judicial activism that most of them
have verbally forsworn, now sustains the decision of the Circuit Court of
Appeals and the official position of the Administration itself (Justice Kennedy
is not participating in the case, but because of that it will take only four
votes to leave the lower court decision undisturbed), it will be impossible to
escape the suspicion that the decision was political.

Whatever the rationalizations for such a decision (such as preservation of
Presidential prerogatives against Congressional encroachment), and however
sincerely they may be held, the executive branch in effect will have exonerated
itself, adding to the Presidential power to pardon convicted criminals the
prerogative of not prosecuting them in the first place.

If the public is adequately informed about what is at stake, it could well be
that such a decision by the Supreme Court would set off such a political furor
as to deny the Presidency to Vice President Bush, just as President Ford's
pardon of former President Nixon, in an analogous situation, cost him the 1976
election.

Whether that happens will depend in part on whether the issue and danger are
widely discussed before the Court issues, perhaps even before it debates, its
decision. If the public interest and awareness are sufficient, it is conceivable
that the Court may be influenced by that election year consideration in reaching
its decision and avert what could be - or ought to be - a genuine crisis of
confidence.

Supreme Courts have been known to ''follow the election returns,'' and the Court
clearly responded in the middle 1930's to the public outrage over some of its
decisions voiding various pieces of social legislation.

My own conviction is that intervention by a judiciary heavily composed of Reagan
appointees to relieve present and former members of that same Administration of
the threat of prosecution for various offenses against morality and the law - in
a situation in which the constitutional principles obviously do not
unequivocally dictate one result or the other -ought to be an occasion for
rioting in the streets.

I cannot, in honesty, say which outcome I would prefer - a Supreme Court
decision that voids the law, bringing its deserved political retribution in
November, or a Supreme Court, conscious of what is at stake, exhibiting the
judicial restraint that its several members and the Administration that
appointed them profess to believe in. Quite possibly neither of these will
happen, however, unless the public, alerted to the danger, demonstrates an
intense awareness of what is at stake and an equally intense interest in the
outcome.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              296 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 5, 1988, Sunday, Final Edition

Going to the Head of The Class

BYLINE: Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X3; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 980 words


OLD MONEY The Making of America's Upper Class

By Nelson W. Aldrich Jr. Knopf. 336 pp. $ 19.95

FOR THE second time this year we have before us a book about money in America,
written by a member of the class that has benefited most from our national
preoccupation with material gain. First was Money and Class in America, by Lewis
H. Lapham, a witty and perceptive if oddly apocalyptic inquiry into what its
author fancies to be our "civil religion," the worship of money. Now comes
Nelson W. Aldrich Jr. with Old Money, which is also witty and perceptive; but
like Lapham -- whom he mentions in his acknowledgements -- Aldrich prefers the
encompassing generalization to the pointed anecdote, and he takes some of the
edge off his insights by freighting them with burdensome speculations on matters
cultural, sociological and historical.

Aldrich's subject is that class of Americans who came by their money not by
earning but by inheriting it. He is, as he confesses with an appealing mixture
of pride and embarrassment, himself a member of that class; his family acquired
its riches through the manipulations of his great-grandfather, the first Nelson
W. Aldrich, who represented Rhode Island in the U.S. Senate for three decades
beginning in 1880 and profited duly therefrom. Like many other ancient New
England fortunes, that of the Aldriches was founded in venality and corruption;
but the present Nelson Aldrich seems to be the first in his family to have felt
any stirrings of doubt about this ambiguous legacy.

In certain respects it is when he is writing about his own family that Old Money
is most interesting, for it is in these passages that Aldrich makes a personal
connection with the larger questions he seeks to address. These have less to do
with the making of America's upper class, as his subtitle suggests, than with
its character: the traits of behavior and outlook that certain Americans of
inherited wealth share and by which they can be identified.

Oddly, Aldrich does not directly concede until the end what is obvious from the
beginning: that he is writing not about all Americans who hold inherited wealth,
but those white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, primarily of the Northeast, about whom
E. Digby Baltzell wrote a quarter-century ago in The Protestant Establishment,
which Yale Press recently reissued in paperback. Thus, as both Aldrich and
Baltzell point out, his subject is not an aristocratic class (though this is how
it fancies itself) but a patrimonial one: an upper class to which admission is
gained not by merit or distinction, but by birth.

Its characteristics are familiar to readers of novelists as distant as Edith
Wharton and as contemporary as Louis Auchincloss. Its members strive, Aldrich
notes, to be "casual, careless, nonchalant, insouciant, easy, unstudied,
natural, effortless," and to excel in "the social graces and the social
virtues." They learn these at private schools, both day and boarding, and
elsewhere:

"For a beneficiary of Old Money, the educational function of the estate he was
born to seems the most striking feature of the landscape. From dancing class to
the varied 'lessons' of the country club, the yacht club and the Grand Tour,
from Fay School to St. Paul's School to Harvard, from the Porcellian Club to the
Somerset Club and the Knickerbocker Club, from the summer place at Northeast
Harbor, Maine, to the winter place in the firm, at the bank, and, most
important, 'on the board' -- all these stations of Old Money life appear not
only as constitutive of the class but instructive of it -- as so many courses
that have to be taken, so many credentials tested, so many qualifications
proclaimed. Before it is a status, while it is a status, Old Money is composed
of a curriculum."

BUT TO what end is another matter altogether. Unlike the paradigmatic American,
the entrepreneur, whom Aldrich calls Market Man, the child of Old Money is only
rarely a productive contributor to the country's economic or cultural life. For
all the museum boards they sit on and the trusts they administer and the
noblesse oblige they ostensibly practice, the people of Old Money are at heart
passive participants in the national life, to the extent that they participate
at all. This is "the revenge of Market Man," Aldrich writes: "Beneficiaries of
Old Money slip the yoke of necessity, but only at the risk of feeling like
hobbyists. . . . They do not connect, they do not engage, they do not possess
the richness and complexity of experience."

This is a strong judgment, and an accurate one. It is true as Aldrich is quick
to point out that the Old Money class stands for "Periclean ideals of
citizenship, courtly ideals of social grace and virtue, and knightly ideals of
individual action," but it honors them more by lip service than by actual
performance: indeed it usually dismisses as "traitors to their class" such
wealthy mavericks as Franklin D. Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy who, however
imperfectly, try to put those ideals into practice. Old Money may have been
taught the courtly code on the playing fields of St. Grottlesex, but the lesson
was imperfectly learned.

Thus in the end Aldrich's judgment is an indictment. Like Digby Baltzell, he
applauds the rhetoric of Old Money but abhors the actuality, which excludes from
this privileged society virtually all but those who are white, Anglo-Saxon and
Protestant, and thus is "a bland disguise for race and class prejudice" and "a
squeamish withdrawal from the barbarian hordes." Old Money harbors its full
share of decent and honorable people, many of whom we meet in the pages of this
book, but as a tribe it prefers escape from the world's unpleasant realities to
vigorous battle with them -- and thus in the end must be dismissed as an
irrelevance. Aldrich's indictment, though delivered with affection and rue, is
the only fair verdict.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MRS. CORNELIUS VANDERBILT IN 1941. ACME PHOTO SERVICE

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              297 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

AS ON 9/11, A NATION UNITED

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 710 words


Even the most pacifist disciple of nonviolence among us had to quietly whisper
"Yesss!" with the news that the architect of the 9/11 day of terror had himself
come to a painful end.

It had been speculated that with Osama bin Laden the focal point of the world's
most elaborate and ceaseless manhunt, his influence in matters of terror had
waned over the years, his role reduced to figurehead status.

Perhaps. But figureheads are still important. Symbolism is a powerful language.
Maybe bin Laden was not actively engaged in plotting contemporary acts of
violence on the populace. But for every bombing, every innocent life ended,
every grief-filled funeral, he hovered over the carnage, the patron saint of
venality masquerading as religion.

Terrorism will not end with bin Laden's removal. If anything, none of us would
be particularly shocked if al-Qaida lashes out in retribution. There will be a
sobering price to pay for the extraction of justice. There always is.

Yet we run this risk of incurring the wrath of our enemies because the angels of
9/11 demand it and because we are all victims of bin Laden's delusions.

Chances are that many of you have visited ground zero in lower Manhattan and
stared into the empty sky trying to imagine what it must of been like on that
dreadful day. It's possible you have a more direct connection to 9/11 by virtue
of a family member or friend who perished in the falling towers, or at the
Pentagon or in the fields of Shanksville, Pa.

I have visited the ground zero site on many occasions, and I am always reminded
that had the attacks occurred two days later my wife would have been attending a
business meeting at the World Trade Center at the same hour the planes struck.
And I am as unnerved today at the vagaries of fate as I was on that beautiful
September morning a decade ago.

For nearly 10 years, bin Laden was on the run, although it now appears that due
to Pakistani acquiescence or incompetence, or both, he didn't run all that far.
The most wanted violent terrorist in the world, it turns out, was living in
capitalist comfort in a mansion within a stone's throw of a military garrison -
and the Pakistanis are claiming they are as surprised as anyone.

As bin Laden was ensconced in his fortified compound, our national life changed
with the passage of time. Children have grown into adulthood. Jobs have shifted.
Wars have been waged. And travel has become a gantlet of hypersecurity.

The one perverse constant, of course, has been the haunting presence of Osama
bin Laden looming over so much of our lives and the nation. Of this much we
could be certain: He wanted to kill ... you.

Every day that bin Laden was at large was a day of justice denied and broken
hearts unhealed. Hunting down bin Laden was never a matter of seeking "closure,"
an unfortunate term used all too often and inaccurately. How can anyone ever
find "closure" in so much anguish?

Still, knowing bin Laden's body has been disposed, like so much bilge, into the
ocean is at least satisfying.

This was good news, very good news, something we've been in short supply of for
quite a while. These have been difficult economic times. Job growth has been all
too slow. Gas prices are on the rise. And the fractious political climate has
become a democratic embarrassment.

Just as the actions of bin Laden and his thugs managed to unite a nation nearly
10 years ago, so too did the collective jubilation over his death cut across
partisan lines.

We looked into the cinders of the World Trade Center and saw the possibilities
of a nation brought together in a moment of collective tragedy. And somehow
along the way, we lost that common purpose to the forces of divisiveness,
carnival barker politics and too many silly people with too many microphones.

It would be nice to believe bin Laden's death will remind us that there are more
important issues demanding our attention than the Tower of Blather that passes
for social discourse today.

We owe that much to the men and women who have sacrificed in Iraq and
Afghanistan. We certainly owe it to the warriors who pulled off what seemed like
the impossible on Sunday.

And we owe it to the 3,000 victims of Osama bin Laden's resume of malevolence,
whose souls are resting just a bit easier.

- druth@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Smoke billows over Manhattan after the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 31, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Student

BYLINE: By NICOLAS RAPOLD

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; MOVIE
REVIEW; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 246 words


Can a crime set you free? For the sullen young man at the center of ''Student,''
directed by the Kazakh filmmaker Darezhan Omirbayev, an experimental act of
violence seems to yield moral clarity. Set in modern-day Kazakhstan, where the
quiet is broken only by brutishness, this classically shot and edited film is a
spare yet entrancing tale drawn with precise strokes.

Mr. Omirbayev takes his inspiration from Dostoyevsky's ''Crime and Punishment,''
much as he distilled ''Anna Karenina'' for his previous feature, ''Chouga''
(which appeared in the New York Film Festival). His Raskolnikov, a hunched
loner, peers through clunky glasses at the people whose lives he crosses -- a
thuggish driver, a convenience-store clerk, a babushka landlady -- until an
encounter with a poet and then his family seems to set off something inside.

From one perspective, the young man is lashing out at the hard venality of the
post-Soviet world, which, from the opening scene on, periodically wreaks havoc.
Mr. Omirbayev suggests as much, with classroom sequences in which university
professors lecture on the survival of the fittest and the conscience of the
soul. But it's the no-nonsense filmmaking, seamlessly integrating even dreams
and visions, that keeps us fixed on the bold line of the student's trajectory,
all the way through to a transcendent ending.

Opens on Friday in Manhattan. Directed by Darezhan Omirbayev In Kazakh and
Russian, with English subtitles 1 hour 30 minutes; not rated

URL:
http://movies.nytimes.com/2013/05/31/movies/student-directed-by-darezhan-omirbay
ev.html

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Batyrbek Kunguzhinov, left, and  Nurlan Bajtasov in ''Student.''
(PHOTOGRAPH BY GLOBAL FILM INITIATIVE)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              299 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 20, 2002 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Southern gothic

BYLINE: John Borthwick, The writer travelled courtesy of Air New Zealand and
Amtrak.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 892 words


Savannah was brought to glorious life in a book that became a modern classic and
it's still living off the notoriety, John Borthwick writes.

"THE book is about money, power, sex, greed, voodoo the usual things that make
the world go round," says Professor John Duncan in his Southern burr. When
residents of Savannah, Georgia, refer to "the book" they mean only one thing
John Berendt's tale Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil.

Savannah, according to Duncan, specialises in parties, drinking and gossip. "And
the book is the worst gossip about our best people," quips the retired history
professor, who had a bit part in the Clint Eastwood-directed movie of the novel.

His role in the movie? "I played a gossip typecast," he says, proud to embody a
long Savannah tradition.

In 1733, General James Oglethorpe chose a riverside spot 30km in from the
Atlantic coast and there laid out the grid for Savannah, capital of the new
British colony of Georgia. He studded 24 green squares throughout his town,
within which settlers could defend themselves during attacks.

New York writer Berendt stumbled into Savannah in the early 1980s and was
captivated by its tales of both gentility and venality. The juiciest one was the
1981 shooting by wealthy antique furniture dealer Jim Williams of his lover, a
young hustler called Danny Hansford.

The visitor frequently hears lines like, "Over there is Club One where The Lady
Chablis (Midnight's flamboyant black drag queen) still performs", or, "Here's
the Mercer House where Jim Williams shot that Danny".

With millions of copies sold since 1994, years on The New York Times best-seller
list, 20 foreign editions and a film, the Midnight story has now overwhelmed all
other accounts of this city of 150,000 people.

It is possible to attempt, though not easy to achieve, a "Midnight-free" tour of
the city. Magnolia trees festooned with Spanish moss shade the gardens; at the
centre of most squares is a hero posed in bronzed defiance of time and pigeons.

In leafy Chippewa Square, Forrest Gump often graced a bench in the movie that
bore his name. The bench was long ago removed to a museum, ahead of the hacksaws
of covetous movie buffs. Instead of Gump gurgling about, "Life is like a bawx of
chawclates ...", today I find a small group of down-and-outs, experiencing life
not so much as a box of chocolates but as a fistful of food stamps.

Facing the flower beds of Monterey Square you find Mercer House, the home of the
late Jim Williams and scene of "the crime" and already you're back in
Midnight-land.

Mercer House, a stately Georgian mansion around which the saga pivots, was built
by the grandfather of songwriter Johnny Mercer, composer of Moon River, That Old
Black Magic and many other standards.

The musical theme carries over into nearby Troup Square, whose modest Baptist
Church has a disproportionate claim to fame. In 1857 in this town more noted for
heat than snow the church organist, James Lord Pierpont, composed Jingle Bells.

"The South" perennially claims to be hospitable, but Savannah actually is:
locals in the main street wave at tour buses. Not surprisingly, it's easy to
fall into a conversation. A talk with a Savannahian inevitably comes back to
"the book", which one bus driver declares is "pretty accurate about our
aristocratic booj-wah-zee, the cream dee la cream of Savannah. Those high-tone
folks didn't much like an outsider writing up all our dirt. But like we say
gossip is to Savannah what mosquitos are to the Okefenokee Swamp."

Many of Midnight's characters are still alive. Everyone but the gardener seems
to have written a book, cashing in on, clarifying or denying their part in
Berendt's tale.

Lady Chablis was one of the first, with her autobiography Hidin' My Candy. In a
Midnight memorabilia store, the prim Southern matron meets my request for the
Chablis book with: "I won't stock it it's just too slay-zeh."

Midnight was a book about a town. Savannah has now become a town about a book.
Is any other city and tome so inseparably linked? John Duncan has an answer:
"Jerusalem and the Bible."

THOSE IN THE KNOW

Have a martini and catch a little night music at The Pirates' House (20 East
Broad Street), which features often in John Berendt's book.

Dine in the River Street area with its restored cotton warehouses, art galleries
and shops.

See the Low Country tidal marshes, with bird life such as egrets, osprey
andeagles.

Take a horse-drawn carriage tour of Savannah's national historic landmark
district.

Visit the nearby Atlantic coast, plus Tybee Island Lighthouse and Hilton Head.

AVERAGE PRICE $A

Cup of coffee: $5.

A beer: $8.

Glass of wine: $6.

Roll of film: $15.

Postcard: $3.

Big Mac: $5.80.

READING

Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil by John Berendt.

ACCOMMODATION

Budget: Savannah Youth Hostel, East Hall Street. Private rooms from about $40 a
night.

Mid-range: There's clean, economical accommodation from about $120 a night at
the Red Roof Suites; contact Accor Hotels, 1300 656 565.

Upmarket: B&Bs in the historical district are the most attractive options.
Prices from $200.

INFORMATION

State of Georgia information, phone +4044636437, web www.georgia.org.

GETTING THERE

Air New Zealand flies Sydney-Los Angeles non-stop daily; phone 132 476. Connect
to Savannah with US Airways (02 9959 3922) or daily Amtrak train services (02
9319 6626). Visit the website www.amtrak.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: BROADCAST BLUES: Savannah, according to the locals in the
know, is a place for parties, drinking ... and gossip.Picture: Getty Images.
SOUTHERN COMFORT: Savannah's postcard-pretty looks and friendly locals belie its
murderous past.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

CRIME

BYLINE: MARK SANDERSON

SECTION: FEATURES; REVIEW; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 428 words


BAD MONKEY by Carl Hiaasen (Sphere, £16.99) WHEN detective Andrew Yancy assaults
his lover's husband with a portable vacuum cleaner he soon realises the full
meaning of the phrase "it sucks". Deprived of his badge, he is forced to become
a restaurant inspector which sorely - and stomachturningly - tries his love of
wildlife. However, when a fishing honeymooner hooks a man's severed arm instead
of a swordfish in the Florida Keys, the quixotic excop smells an opportunity to
get his job back. Convinced that a golddigging wife has committed murder, he and
his sidekick - a glamorous half-Cuban coroner - fly to the Bahamas, where all
manner of appalling antics are uncovered.

Only Carl Hiaasen would precede the word "atrocities" with the adjective
"blithe" - but then he is a comic genius. Bad Monkey sees him on top form,
describing his cast of colourful characters - a crinkleeared goon called Egg, a
skanky voodoo priestess known as the Dragon Queen and the eponymous capuchin, a
scabby star of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies - in equally colourful
language and deploying an impressive range of inventive insults.

Like Evelyn Waugh, he has a cynical view of human nature but the energetic way
he skewers venality and venery is laugh-outloud funny. In a word, disarming.

THE KILL ROOM by Jeffery Deaver (Hodder, £18.99) WHEN Robert Moreno from New
Jersey, a vociferous critic of the US government, is blown away in the bedroom
of a luxury resort in the Bahamas, it appears that Uncle Sam has killed one of
his own - illegally. However, Lincoln Rhyme and Amelia Sachs, invited to help an
Assistant District Attorney build a case against the bonkers director of the
National Intelligence and Operations Service, soon discover Moreno was executed
due to faulty intel - which quickly leads to the quadriplegic detective being
plunged into the Caribbean, while back in New York his red-haired partner
becomes the target of a knife-wielding assassin who likes nothing better than
slowly flaying his victims.

Writing the James Bond adventure Carte Blanche has clearly affected Jeffery
Deaver deeply. Rhyme's tenth case takes him into the political sphere of global
terrorism, where million-dollar bullets and drones play as big a part as
painstaking forensics and police procedure. Nevertheless, The Kill Room is full
of his trademark twists, breathless suspense and ironic humour. It is a thriller
of "bits, scraps, observations [and] 180-degree changes in direction" which
never cheats the reader, so that the only response can be sighs of satisfaction
and admiration.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2013 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             April 29, 2001 Sunday

Economic heavyweights lose on points

BYLINE: Declan Hayes Special to The Daily Yomiuri

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 772 words


The World Trade Organization's 1999 meeting in Seattle went down in history as
the "Battle of Seattle." Instead of discussing international trade issues, the
participants looked on in horror as gangs of protesters wrecked the center of
Seattle. Instead of sipping coffee in Starbucks, they watched as the rioters
gutted every outlet of the coffee shop they could find. For some reason that
this weighty book does not fully explain, people who protest against the WTO
seem to hate Starbucks.

The Institute for International Economics, which published this book, is
probably above such venalities. Its board of directors includes some of the
world's most influential figures, including Conrad Black, Miguel de la Madrid,
Nigel Lawson, Lee Kwan Yew, Paul O'Neill, David Rockefeller, Paul Krugman,
George Schulz and even Alan Greenspan himself. Taken as a group, they certainly
know their way around the corridors of power.

That being so, it is a pity that they do not seem to be able to write well. The
book is a rather turgid discussion of the issues that should have been aired at
Seattle. Spokespeople for the United States, the European Union and the world's
other major economic powers are each given a separate chapter to themselves. So
too are such less-than-inspiring topics as intellectual property, antidumping
legislation and electronic commerce. If nothing else, the book will suit
economics professors looking for additional dull reading to inflict upon their
unsuspecting students.

Only two chapters enliven this otherwise comatose book. Surprisingly enough
perhaps, the first of these is by Hisamitsu Arai from Japan's former
International Trade and Industry Ministry. He begins by telling us that the
Japanese delegation, like most others, had gone to Seattle with the best of
intentions, ready to debate the whole matrix of issues that are intertwined
around international trade. The Japanese wanted to discuss not only the specific
issues that concerned their American hosts, but also the whole institutional and
legal framework that continues to hold back international trade. MITI was intent
on showing the United States some of the contradictions evident in its stance on
a variety of issues. Whereas, for example, the United States objects to Japan
and other countries dumping their products at below cost into the American
market, Arai and his colleagues had evidence of 64 cases in which the United
States had dumped its own products into other markets, Japan's included. MITI,
whatever its faults may be, certainly does its homework.

As well as bringing up America's ambivalent attitude to its own shortcomings,
Arai's chapter also raises another issue: Canada. He speaks of the Quadrilateral
Group of Japan, the United States, the European Union and Canada. What is
Canada, a very minor economic power doing in that august group and several
others such as Group of Seven major nations? Why Canada? Why not India, for
example?

Jayashree Watal, another contributor to this volume, would like to know. His
contribution rails against the injustices mighty countries like his homeland
India suffer at the hands of the great powers of Japan, the European Union and
the United States, as well as minnow powers like Canada. He sees the solution in
putting development issues more to the center of future WTO debates.

But therein lies the rub. It would be nice if India could have as many
Starbucks, Body Shop, McDonald's and Burger King outlets as countries like Japan
and the United States. However, before such a thing can come to pass, India's
per capita income would have to reach a level comparable with that of the United
States, Japan and Europe. Because that is not likely to happen in the
foreseeable future, trade referees like the WTO, turgid commentators like the
Institute for International Economics and unfortunate targets like Starbucks
will continue to flourish.

There are some important lessons failures in economics can teach us. Indonesia's
ethnic and sectarian strife is a case in point. The WTO, along with the World
Bank and the International Monetary Fund, have a case to answer there. It would
be nice if those bodies and the rent-a-mob Starbucks-haters who follow their
meetings around tried to find fair and equitable solutions to the seemingly
intractable problems that eventuate when economic and other forces cause
countries like Indonesia to implode.

Meanwhile, books like this one that concentrate too much on hitting the right
diplomatic keys and not alienating any of their key sponsors only prolong the
problems of global inequity they purport to address.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              302 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    August 12, 1992 Wednesday Final Edition

Sexy seniors;
'Empty nest may be love nest'

SOURCE: FROM REUTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


More than a third of American married men and women over age 60 and 10 per cent
of those over age 70 make love at least once a week, a study indicates.

The survey of 5,738 people also found sizable numbers of senior citizens making
love outdoors, enjoying undressing one another, taking showers and nude swims
together and even buying erotic undergarments.

"The empty nest may actually be a love nest," said Rev. Andrew Greeley,
sociologist and best-selling novelist who wrote the report from the National
Opinion Research Centre at the University of Chicago.

"There is much more sexual activity and playfulness going on in the bedrooms of
older men and women than the rest of the society seems to understand or perhaps
is ready to believe," he said yesterday.

The study shatters the myth, Father Greeley said, that sex among those over 60
is infrequent, unsatisfying or grotesque. It shows, he said, that the happiest
men and women in the United States may be those who continue to have frequent
sex after they turn 60.

Father Greeley, a Roman Catholic priest, has written 24 novels, some of them,
such as Cardinal Sins, steamy accounts of venality and sins of the flesh among
the clergy.

Asked in an interview if he was surprised by the findings, he replied: "I
suspected it was the case, not as a sociologist but as a parish priest.

"The parish priest knows enough married people over 60 who are willing to share
their marriages with him that he suspects this is the way it is.'

Study responses showed 37 per cent of married people over 60 make love at least
once a week and 16 per cent several times a week, while 10 per cent over 70 make
love at least once a week.

It found that 40 per cent of those in their 60s and 12 per cent of those in
their 70s said they enjoy undressing for their spouses.

By comparison, earlier studies have found that more than 80 per cent of married
men and women in their 20s and 30s report having sexual intercourse at least
once a week.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              303 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         August 12, 1992, Wednesday, AM

Many 'playful' seniors enjoy frequent sex, study says

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


   CHICAGO (Reuter) - More than a third of American married men and women over
age 60 and 10 per cent of those over age 70 make love at least once a week, a
study says.

The survey of 5,738 people also found sizable numbers of senior citizens making
love outdoors, enjoying undressing one another, taking showers and nude swims
together and even buying erotic undergarments.

"The empty nest may actually be a love nest," said Rev. Andrew Greeley,
sociologist and best-selling novelist who wrote the report from the National
Opinion Research Centre at the University of Chicago.

"There is much more sexual activity and playfulness going on in the bedrooms of
older men and women than the rest of the society seems to understand or perhaps
is ready to believe," he said yesterday as the report was released.

The study shatters the myth, Greeley said, that sex among those over 60 is
infrequent, unsatisfying or grotesque.

It shows, he said, that the happiest men and women in the United States may be
those who continue to have frequent sex after they turn 60.

Greeley, a Roman Catholic priest, has written 24 novels, some of them, such as
Cardinal Sins, steamy accounts of venality and sins of the flesh among the
clergy.

Asked in an interview if he was surprised by the findings, Greeley said: "I
suspected it was the case, not as a sociologist but as a parish priest.

"The parish priest knows enough married people over 60 who are willing to share
their marriages with him that he suspects this is the way it is.

"I hadn't been able to find anything (in sociological and medical literature)
that raises the possibility that sex among older people is the most satisfying
there is. It's partly a taboo."

The study found that 37 per cent of married people over 60 make love at least
once a week and 16 per cent several times a week, while 10 per cent over 70 make
love at least once a week.

It found that 40 per cent of those in their 60s and 12 per cent of those in
their 70s said they enjoy undressing for their spouses. "The happiest men and
women in America are married people who continue to have sex frequently after
they are 60," the study says.United; States; sex; aged; report; research

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              304 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            November 4, 2001, Sunday

Paperbacks

BYLINE: Pam Barrett, Steve Boyd, Alex Clark, Sam Gilpin, Nicolette Jones, Trevor
Lewis,

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 860 words


THE UNCONVENTIONAL MINISTER: My Life Inside New Labour by Geoffrey Robinson.

In 1998, Robinson, paymaster general in Tony Blair's first government, was
forced to resign after it was revealed that he had lent Peter Mandelson Pounds
373,000 in 1996 to buy a house. This is Robinson's side of the story. But there
are no revelations; more interesting is his account of his work at the Treasury
for the chancellor, Gordon Brown. Robinson's work and research in corporation
tax reform, a windfall tax on utility companies and Bank of England independence
allowed new Labour to hit the ground running after the 1997 election victory.
This and the personality clashes that emerged make a fascinating insider's
account (Penguin Pounds 7.99). SB

RIGHT AS RAIN. by George P Pelecanos.

Pelecanos's Washington DC is not the polished seat of statecraft, but a city
benighted by narcotics, ravaged by crime and riven with racism. When an off-duty
black cop is shot by a white officer, dogged shamus Derek Strange opens up a can
of worms whose ugly contents -violent pushers, desperate users and murderous
rednecks -spread venality across the thin blue line and fester at the heart of
the blue-collar community. Modulating its enraged social voice with a flip
pop-culture register, Pelecanos's rushing thriller punches well above the
genre's weight (Orion Pounds 5.99). TL

THE IMMORTAL DINNER. by Penelope Hughes-Hallett.

The author takes a single evening in 1817, when the artist Benjamin Haydon
summoned a handful of luminaries for dinner. Ostensibly, the occasion was meant
to deepen the acquaintance of Wordsworth and Keats with Charles Lamb -an
explorer and a put-upon civil servant were also in attendance. But
Hughes-Hallett quickly broadens her subject matter to encompass the intellectual
and cultural currents of Regency England, building up a composite picture via
numerous potted biographies and disquisitions. The likes of Humphry Davy, Lord
Elgin and Turner have walk-on parts, but the most compelling portrait is of
Haydon, a painter as profligate as he was passionate (Penguin Pounds 7.99). AC

THE RISING SUN. by Douglas Galbraith.

This exhilarating first novel is based on a real-life voyage made in the
17th-century from Scotland to Darien, on the coast of Panama. The passengers are
would-be colonists, desperate to find a better life. The narrator is Roderick
Mackenzie, "Superintendent of Cargoes" on the Rising Sun, the largest of the
five-ship flotilla. Mackenzie is a canny young man, whose facility with numbers
has given him a passport from rural poverty, but little knowledge of the world.
His account of the journey, informed by his growing awareness that men can be as
treacherous as the weather, is riveting. This is a fast-paced adventure story
that also charts an inner voyage of discovery; it succeeds admirably on both
levels (Picador Pounds 6.99). PB

.CARDINAL RICHELIEU AND THE MAKING OF FRANCE by Anthony Levi.

Levi's scrupulously diligent biography paints a portrait of a post-Renaissance
France in which the Thirty Years' war, internal insurrections and religious
schisms were conspiring to prevent the country from taking its place on the
world stage. Into this scene came Richelieu who, by virtue of steely
intelligence, impassioned commitment and rare diplomatic skills, was to create
the conditions for unity and strength. Levi demonstrates how Richelieu's
allegiance to Louis XIII bolstered the monarchy, and how he fostered a political
Catholicism that suppressed religious difference. But Levi also attempts to
uncover the man behind the image, patiently exploring his subject's
contradictory nature, his spiritual dilemmas and his lifelong devotion to his
project (Robinson Pounds 7.99). AC

DEADKIDSONGS by Toby Litt.

Set during the early 1970s, Litt's novel mines a coal-black seam of humour in
its tale of four callow boys whose fantasy skirmishes with Russian invaders take
on a macabre hue when one of their number fatally contracts meningitis,
prompting them to exact a numbingly horrific revenge on the innocent old couple
they hold culpable for his death. How dark do you like your fiction? seems to be
the author's enquiry, which, in the case of this uncomfortably funny book, is a
bit like asking how raw do you like your chicken? (Penguin Pounds 6.99). TL

THE VICTORIAN GOVERNESS. by Kathryn Hughes.

Literature's most famous governess is probably Jane Eyre, but she is not an
exceptional case -home teachers frequently featured in 19th-century fiction.
Indeed, as Hughes informs us, there were appearances by governesses in
approximately 140 novels published between 1814 and 1865. The author sets out to
explain this cultural fascination in a thorough socio-economic history that
places the governess at the centre of a conflict over the role of genteel women
within the workplace. The book is strongly argued and exhaustively researched,
but general readers may find it a little too specialist (Hambledon and London
Pounds 12.95). SG

Reviews by Pam Barrett, Steve Boyd, Alex Clark, Sam Gilpin, Nicolette Jones,
Trevor Lewis, Nick Rennison and Karen Robinson


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Books

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                              305 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

This Week (Aug. 27-30, 2015)

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


Aug. 26--Thursday

Music: Patrick Langham Quintet

A weekly series of jazz shows begins with a performance by a quintet led by
Langham, a saxophone player and director of jazz at University of the Pacific.
He released his second CD ("Pocket Change") this year and is accompanied by Joe
Mazzaferro (trumpet), drummer Brian Kendrick (jazz director at San Joaquin Delta
College), Brian Clark (bass) and pianist Simon Rowe (director of Pacific's
Brubeck Insitute). The weekly shows continue through Nov, 19. 7 p.m., Take 5
Jazz at the Brew, 157 W. Adams St., Stockton. $5-$10. (209) 464-2739.

Music: Tom Renner

A saxophone player and teacher, Renner, a member of Swing Shift, goes solo at 7
p.m.; Lodi's Tim Spencer & Bart Vogel, an acoustic guitar-vocal duo, perform at
7 p.m. Fri., and Stockton's Josh Washington and Current Personae play their
mixed bag Sat. Mile Wine Company, 2113 Pacific Ave., Stockton. (209) 465-9463.

Friday

Theater: "Macbeth"

One of William Shakespeare's tragic masterpieces (1606), the intensity and
sinister shadows of "Macbeth" foretell how the corrosive impacts of political
venality and power always will beset the world. Known by Shakespearian actors as
the "Scottish play," it centers on Macbeth, a Scottish general emboldened by
three witches whose cauldron predicts he'll become the country's next king. That
triggers a bloody series of events. 7 p.m.; also 7 p.m, Thurs.; 2 and 7 p.m.
Sat.; and 2 p.m. Sun. and Wed. Sierra Repertory Theatre, 13891 Mono Way, Sonora.
$28-$35. (209) 532-3120.

Music: Night Fever

This nine-person East Bay group covers a wide range of "party" music, including
Motown, funk, disco, R&B, '80s pop, "big-hair" rock and contemporary top-40
tunes. 6:30 p.m. Stonecreek Village, 5757 Pacific Ave., Stockton. Free. (209)
474-1634.

Saturday

Music: Delta Breeze

Mike Whirlow, who sings and plays multiple keyboards, assembles some musical
friends to perform the songs of Motown Records, a sound "so powerful it changed
history" in the 1960s, he says. Delta Breeze is: Christine Acosta (vocals),
Bobby Green (vocals, drums), Les Cardoza (keyboards, vocals), Larry Stewart
(guitar, vocals), Rodney Jackson (bass), Marcus Bettencourt (tenor, baritone
saxophone), Dave Viaal (tenor, baritone sax) and vocalists Esther Deneau,
Barbara White and Willie Hines. 7 p.m. Sat., Whirlow's 1926 Pacific Ave.,
Stockton. Free. (209) 466-2823.

Music: Mataga Jazz Festival

Eric Darius, a 32-year-old saxophone player-composer based in Tampa, Fla.,
headlines this event. He's joined by Bay Area saxophonists Jeff Taboloff and
Greg Chambers, Vorriece and Sacramento's Saxual Chocalate, 3 p.m. Stockton
Marina, 445 W. Weber Ave., Stockton. $25-$55. (209) 462-4200.

Sunday

Music: Tierra

Having celebrated leader Mike Torres' 80th birthday, he and his band -- a
Central Valley Latin-rock staple during six decades -- share a show with some
long-time compadres in Tierra. The Los Angeles group, now with 10 members, has
been performing in various alignments since 1973. The band has released 11
albums and remains best known for "Together," a version of an Intruders tune
that made the top 10 in 1967. 4 p.m. Sun., Windmill Cove Resort & Marina, 760
Windmill Cove Road, Stockton. $20. (209) 409-6300.

Theater: "Young Frankenstein"

Also known as "The New Mel Brooks Musical Young Frankenstein," this stage
production mimics Brooks and Gene Wilder's satirical 1974 film version of Mary
Shelley's 1881 novel. 7:30 p.m. Wed. Stockton Civic Theatre, 2312 Rosemarie
Lane. $15. (209) 473-2424.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150826-SK-This-Week-Aug-27-30-2015-0826-20150826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              306 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            August 11, 2009 Tuesday

Veto challenge will reignite budget war

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 571 words



HIGHLIGHT: Democrats play expensive legal games in order to restore cuts from
the state budget.


 In Sacramento you can find a politician to tell you just about anything you
want to hear. So, it's no surprise Sacramento politicians can find lawyers to
tell them just about anything they want to hear.

Democratic Assembly Speaker Karen Bass asked for a legal opinion on whether Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger had illegally reduced budget spending by using the
line-item veto. Ms. Bass, it should be noted, preferred to spend every dime in
that budget - even more if she could.

Surprise, surprise. Legislative counsel Diane Boyer-Vine, who works for the
Legislature where Ms. Bass is one of the top bosses, discovered the bulk of the
governor's $489 million line-item vetoes were illegal!

Armed with this convenient advice, another of the Legislature's top bosses,
Democratic state Senate Leader Darrell Steinberg, announced he will sue the
governor for abusing his authority and to get the money restored. Assemblyman
John Perez, D-Los Angeles, told the Sacramento Bee "several groups" affected by
spending cuts also are preparing legal challenges.

We're shocked, shocked to discover the Assembly's own lawyer told the Assembly's
boss precisely what she obviously wanted to hear, which turned out to be exactly
what the Senate's boss needed to go to court. This typical toadyism underscores
the venality and duplicity so prevalent in Sacramento.

The state's line-item veto has been constitutionally authorized since 1922. It's
withstood a challenge all the way to the state Supreme Court. This governor has
exercised the power about 10 times on budgets and revised budgets without
challenge. Until now, the first year in memory that spending was cut
significantly below the previous year's level. The governor's office is adamant
his vetoes will be upheld. We suspect so too.

The legal opinion solicited by Ms. Bass asserts that Gov. Schwarzenegger's
vetoes were illegal because they weren't really reductions in "appropriations."
In this revision of the 2009-10 budget, the vetoed items eliminated spending for
previously approved appropriations, so the argument goes.

But as Department of Finance Chief Counsel Jennifer Rockwell pointed out, the
legislation in question begins this way: "An act . . . making an appropriation .
. ." In fact, it was the Legislature's own legal counsel who wrote those words.

All that's required to meet the 120-year-old constitutional definition of an
"appropriation" is that a fund source, an amount and a purpose be identified.
"[T]he items in the bill meet the triad definition of an appropriation,"
according to Ms. Rockwell.

Here's what's probably in store. Democrats will claim the high moral ground when
the Legislature reconvenes in September because of the governor's allegedly
illegal line-item vetoes. Multiple lawsuits from a variety of aggrieved
plaintiffs will apply pressure.

And the first priority of the Democrat-controlled Legislature, according to none
other than Mr. Steinberg, will be to restore the cuts.

Adding to the momentum are new deficits already projected to be as much as $8
billion in the coming year, despite more than $24 billion cut last month, much
of it done with accounting gimmicks. Taxpayers who breathed easy after the
marathon spending reduction session that finally delivered the current
precariously balanced budget without new taxes should brace for the return of
tax-and-spending legislators to Sacramento after their summer vacation. The
conflict continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Morning Star

                            March 18, 2006 Saturday

Feature - Housing sale scandal;
George Galloway on Respect's fight to keep council houses out of private hands

BYLINE: George Galloway

LENGTH: 899 words


I've just read a draft of a fine new pamphlet by Michael Lavalette, Respect
councillor in Preston. He tells the story of George Lansbury and the great
Poplar rates revolt in east London in 1921.

I walked past the Lansbury estate a few days ago. It's just been transferred out
of council control and placed in private hands. New Labour in Tower Hamlets
considers the sell-off one of its finest achievements.

In this, the centenary year of the founding of the Labour Party, Tony Blair and
Gordon Brown are accelerating the assault on all the traditions that Lansbury
and the labour movement pioneers fought for.

But not everything is going their way, particularly over housing. Across
Britain, a struggle to halt the privatisation juggernaut is taking place under
the radar of the corporate media.

Last month, over 1,300 tenants, councillors and trade unionists joined a lobby
of Parliament organised by the Defend Council Housing campaign.

It was surely one of the best organised and most impressive lobbies of any kind
that has ever laid siege to Westminster. It drew out a response from the Labour
machine that plumbed new depths of venality and dishonesty.

Labour MPs were briefed to tell tenants a downright falsehood. You see, you and
I might think that delegates to the Labour Party conference voted to allow
tenants to have a "fourth option" of direct investment in council housing,
rather than, as it stands now, three variants of privatisation.

But Blair's backbenchers were instructed to tell housing campaigners that no
such vote took place.

Many readers will be familiar with the long and sorry history of Labour leaders
refusing to act on progressive policies.

But now they are pretending that those policies simply don't exist. It is a
flight from reality worthy of George Bush as he was briefed about the impending
destruction of the city of New Orleans last year.

So, if it were down to conference votes, nothing much would be achieved. But it
isn't. There has been a series of reversals for Labour's housing privatisation
programme. Tenants from mid-Devon to Edinburgh have spurned bribes and blackmail
and voted to remain in council hands, which at least are open to democratic
accountability - in theory.

In my own borough of Tower Hamlets, the Lansbury estate is an unfortunate
exception. Tenants, working with activists from Defend Council Housing and
Respect have rejected privatisation in five of the last seven ballots. In
others, they are challenging some distinctly dodgy results.

It poses the question of why Tower Hamlets council is not on the side of the
tenants, but, instead, plans to get the privatisation bandwagon back on the
road, should Labour be returned on May 4.

We plan to stop them - through broad campaigns such as Defend Council Housing
but also as the Respect party at the local elections.

There are things that a genuinely progressive council can do, even short of the
campaign launched by the Poplar councillors two years into their term.

A pensioner came to my surgery last week. She had a problem with pigeon
droppings on her windows. She has glaucoma and her doctor has said that it's
dangerous for her to lean out of the windows to try to clean them herself - and
why should she have to?

We phoned environmental health, but also immediately dispatched two local
Respect members to get the job done. The moral of the tale? The council
elections are about whether we allow local democracy to be extinguished in a
flood of consultants, privatisers and managerial clones or whether we return the
kind of principled councillors and administrations that Labour was once proud
of.

Respect has a chance to get such candidates elected in many areas of England on
May 4. In Tower Hamlets, we have a chance of winning control of the council and
keeping faith with Lansbury's legacy.

Steeling ourselves for yet more insanity

It would cross the cusp of madness to attack Iran. We must steel ourselves for
just such a bout of insanity.

Through the babble at the International Atomic Energy Authority meeting in
Vienna which reported Iran to the UN security council last week, there is one
fact that should be on the lips of everyone in the anti-war movement - Iran is
not in breach of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). In fact, it has
voluntarily signed up to additional protocols above and beyond those required of
parties to the treaty.

The US and Britain, on the other hand, in developing a new generation of nuclear
weapons, are breaching the commitment which they signed up to in the NPT to seek
global nuclear disarmament.

As for Israel, with an estimated 200 nuclear warheads, the grotesque double
standard was summed up by US Undersecretary of State Robert Joseph.

When asked by an Egyptian journalist about Israel's breaches, Joseph replied
that, since Israel had never signed up to the NPT, it had no treaty to violate.

The dodgy dossier-style campaign against Iran makes it all the more urgent that
there is a large turnout on the demonstration called by the Stop the War
Coalition in London today.

I started with Michael's pamphlet, forgive me if I end with my own. It was
published this week, it's on Iran and it will be available on the demonstration.

I hope that it can play a part in helping to avert what would be, not least for
the 8,000 British troops in the Shia-dominated south of Iraq, a catastrophe.

- George Galloway is Respect MP for Bethnal Green and Bow.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 People's Press Printing Society Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                      November 26, 2001 - December 2, 2001

BABY CASE

BYLINE: TOBY ZINMAN

SECTION: LEGIT REVIEWS; Resident; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 612 words


(ARDEN THEATER CO.; 360 SEATS; $ 36 TOP)

PHILADELPHIA An Arden Theater Co. presentation of a musical in two acts with
music, lyrics and book by Michael Ogborn. Directed by Terrence J. Nolen.
Choreography, Denise Direnzo. Musical and vocal direction,Vince DiMura; music
supervisor, Jim Ryan. Sets, Tony Cisek; costumes, Richard St. Clair; lighting,
John Stephen Hoey; sound, Jorge Cousineau; video, Tobin Rothlein; dramaturg, Amy
Lincoln; production manager, Brad Russell; production stage manager, Patricia G.
Sabato. Opened, reviewed Oct. 16, 2001. Running time: 2 HOURS, 30 MIN.

Walter Winchell .... Scott Greer

Charles Lindbergh .... Jeffrey Coon

Anne Morrow Lindbergh .... Sharon Sampieri

Bruno Hauptmann .... Ben Dibble

The Studio Sisters .... Jennie Eisenhower, Becky Gulsvig, Victoria Matlock

With: Tony Braithwaite, Kristine Fraelich, Todd Waddington, Violet Sharpe, Scott
Langdon, Aaron Ramey, Michael Thomas Holmes, Tracie Higgins, Marybeth Gorman,
Charles Antalosky, Richard Ruiz, Gary Giles, William Whitehead, Suzanne H.
Smart, Michael T. Holmes, Benjamin D. Hickernall, Denise Whelan, Kristin
Purcell.

Venality is on parade at the Arden Theater, which is providing a fine
world-premiere production for Michael Ogborn's disturbing musical "Baby Case."
Inspired by the O.J. Simpson media carnival, Ogborn revisits the case of the
Lindbergh baby in song and dance, but his motives remain obscure.

In 1932, after Charles Lindbergh had become a national hero, he was transformed
into a national victim when his baby son was kidnapped and murdered. Although
Bruno Hauptmann, a German carpenter, was executed for the crime, the show argues
against capital punishment by painting Hauptmann as not only framed but perhaps
even noble.

Everybody else is corrupt: The police, the FBI, corrupt journalists and their
publishers, photographers who break into the morgue to photograph the baby's
corpse, witnesses whose testimony was bought, ambitious lawyers on both sides,
the exploited housemaid, the hawkers of American flags and locks of baby hair on
every street corner.

The show's vision of the vileness of American society is unrelieved except for
the pitiable but weak Mrs. Lindbergh and the distraught baby's nurse, who sings
the show's most beautiful and terrifying song when she discovers the empty crib:
Kristine Fraelich's voice is thrilling in "The Nurse's Song," and we learn in a
buried lyric that Lindbergh once hid his baby in an upstairs closet just to see
what his wife would do. A hero who deserves the public he gets, or a public that
gets the hero it deserves?

The relentless baseness makes the show troubling --- and oddly free of conflict.
Everybody's awful; no one struggles for the right or the true. As Lindbergh,
Jeffrey Coon's smooth face and smooth voice slip into the background. Ogden
resists making him the show's villain --- a development that might not be
historically provable but might have been theatrically more interesting.

Terry Nolan directs the many scenes and many songs with relentless speed and
vaudevillean verve. Scott Greer's huge presence as Walter Winchell, gleefully
reporting one gruesome development after another, carries the show. Ben Dibble
is moving as Hauptmann, and Tracie Higgins does a fine job with another of the
show's haunting songs, "Dirty Dishes." Tony Braithwaite, an all-purpose
scene-stealing talent, charms every time he appears in many minor roles, as does
Charles Antalosky in several broad comic turns.

The show is too long by half an hour or so, particularly since there's something
distressing in having enjoyed the story of a kidnapping and murder quite so
much.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2001 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

7 Suspects Say F.B.I. Agent Helped Incite Mob Murders

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 783 words


Gregory Scarpa, an admitted Mafia leader and killer, died 11 months ago, but his
shadowy double life as a Government informer emerged yesterday as potentially
the most critical issue in the trial of seven men accused of engaging in a
deadly mob war.

In opening statements in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, defense lawyers
tried to turn the tables on the prosecution by attempting to put on trial a dead
man, Mr. Scarpa, and an F.B.I. agent, R. Lindley DeVecchio, who is not expected
to testify. The defense asserted that Mr. DeVecchio leaked confidential
information to Mr. Scarpa, protected him from arrests for murder and other
violent crimes and incited him to begin the war in the Colombo crime family.

Although tacitly admitting that their clients might be members of a crime group,
the lawyers claimed that any actions taken by the defendants were in
self-defense against Mr. Scarpa and his allies in another faction of the Colombo
family.

A prosecutor, Ellen M. Corcella, while trying to defuse the issue of whether Mr.
DeVecchio improperly aided Mr. Scarpa, acknowledged that Mr. Scarpa may have
compromised the agent. She disclosed in her opening statement that fellow agents
"blew the whistle" last year on Mr. DeVecchio after becoming concerned about his
relationship with Mr. Scarpa.

"Don't be distracted or detoured by Scarpa," Ms. Corcella told the jury. "You
are not here to determine if Agent DeVecchio was incompetent or guilty of a
venality or if Scarpa compromised DeVecchio."

"He'll get his day in court," she added, referring to Mr. DeVecchio.

Mr. DeVecchio was in charge of the F.B.I. squad in the New York area that
investigated the Colombo family until early last year. He was the agent who
since the mid-1980's had handled Mr. Scarpa, a Colombo capo, or captain, who
became an informer about 30 years ago.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation has not announced the findings of an
internal inquiry into Mr. DeVecchio's role with Mr. Scarpa. Mr. DeVecchio, who
is now the supervisor of a unit that searches for forfeited assets of criminals,
has declined comment.

His lawyer, Douglas E. Grover, yesterday denied that Mr. DeVecchio had committed
any wrongdoing and said that the assertions of misconduct were based on
uncorroborated statements and were "a disgrace."

The seven men on trial include Victor M. and John Orena, the sons of Victor J.
Orena, who prosecutors say was the head of one of the two factions in the
Colombo war from 1991 to 1993. Victor J. Orena was convicted in 1993 of murder
and racketeering and is serving a life sentence.

Another defendant, Thomas Petrizzo, was a prominent construction contractor who
helped build many of New York City's skyscrapers until his arrest in December
1993. He is described by prosecutors as a major Colombo capo who led a "dual
life."

The defendants are accused of being members of the Orena faction in the family
that fought for control of the gang with a group that was loyal to Carmine
Persico, the imprisoned boss of the family.

Each defendant is charged with conspiracy to murder and carrying firearms. Ms.
Corcella said the evidence would include bugged conversations of all of the
defendants, except Mr. Petrizzo, and testimony from Colombo family defectors who
have become prosecution witnesses.

She said that the evidence against Mr. Petrizzo included his fingerprints on
confidential telephone records that he illegally obtained to track down
opponents and attempt to kill them.

"These men fought for the control, power and riches of the gang," Ms. Corcella
said, speaking in an unemotional voice. "They agreed to kill fellow gangsters."

In contrast to the prosecutor's measured tone, Gerald L. Shargel, Victor M.
Orena's lawyer, and James L. LaRossa, Mr. Petrizzo's lawyer, denounced in
booming voices Mr. Scarpa and Mr. DeVecchio. Describing Mr. DeVecchio as a
"rogue agent," Mr. Shargel said: "The idea that this was a war with two sides is
nonsense. This war was sparked and fueled, believe it or not, by a special agent
of the F.B.I."

Mr. LaRossa said that the defendant "did nothing more than to try to protect
themselves" from Mr. Scarpa, who had the reputation of being "a crazed killer."
The lawyer said there was evidence that Mr. DeVecchio protected Mr. Scarpa from
arrests even though he was committing murders and that he gave him confidential
information about pending arrests, the identities of informers and the hideaways
of rivals he wanted to murder.

Mr. LaRossa said Federal agents arrested Mr. Scarpa on murder and racketeering
charges in late 1993 only after learning he was fatally ill with AIDS. He died
last June in a prison hospital at the age of 66.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              310 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 08, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Winning Respect

Meg Greenfield , (C)1996, Newsweek Inc. Reprinted by permission; all rights
reserved

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 1077 words


The election to office is over, but the quest for good opinion is not.

It's hard to win a presidential election in this country. And it's hard to win
admiration for your skill at doing so. Bill Clinton has won both. What is
hardest of all to win and what is far less freely given by the public is
respect. That is what Bill Clinton's second term will be about winning -- or
utterly losing -- depending on what he does now.

There is a sense in which this is not a problem peculiar to any particular
president, even Clinton with all his assorted corner-cuttings and embarrassments
and woes. The United States is a country, after all, whose founding sentiment,
if not exactly disrespect for its leaders, was a propensity not to be cowed by
authority, an abiding I-am-as-good-as-you-are pugnacity on the part of all its
citizens. To that must be added the effect of the new round-the-clock,
all-seeing and all-saying coverage of public figures, which no longer shields
their weaknesses and venalities from sight. And, finally, there is the sad fact
that our politicians, in thrall to the presumed new "science" of getting
elected, will nowadays do or say or justify just about anything to win office.
No position or verity has a life expectancy any longer than its favor in the
latest opinion poll. Still, at the end of this campaign, so marked by unanswered
questions, stiffed charges and the junking of principles and positions, Clinton
has an especially steep hill to climb in this regard, despite his victory over
Bob Dole.

The office of president itself, as anyone who ever held it will tell you,
doesn't automatically confer respect. Yes, the trappings can be awesome. And,
yes, people do defer to its aura in some degree. But this is a basic aspect of
our universal ambivalence: in another part of the same person who is given to
trashing whoever holds the office at the moment, you will often find a kind of
protective feeling about both the officeholder and the institution, a
determination to respect the president and the presidency and to see to it that
others do. Nowhere was this two-sided approach more painfully (and comically)
apparent than in the Carter presidency, during which the public alternately and
sometimes simultaneously would be 1) denouncing the imperial ways of the White
House in the modern age, which Carter had himself inveighed against, and 2)
denouncing a newly ensconced Carter for doing away with too much of the majesty
and visible authority of the office. But if you look at the contemptuous way
press and public have openly and easily spoken of White House occupants from
Harry Truman to George Bush, with only a few exceptions down through the yours,
you will know that no amount of regal pomp or display of the perks of office can
spare a president disfavor and/or disrespect.

The mention of Truman raises a question, since he is now held in such high
regard: is it all just a matter of the passing of time? I don't think so. What
Harry Truman is respected for now is the core of right choices he made then. His
rehabilitation was not automatic or foreordained by the mere passage of time.
When people in public office speak of "history's" judgment on them, they often
seem to be thinking that almost anything they have done will be seen in a
better, even exalting, light once their pesky contemporaries are all safely in
their tombs. But "history," in this definition, can take away as well as it can
give. Earning respect will depend mostly on the integrity and wisdom of what one
does, not on how long it has been since eyewitnesses were present.

I think that for Bill Clinton, this quest for a new respect will be -- or, at
least, should be -- crucial in the four years just ahead. I think it is also
going to be plenty tough. For whichever of the candidates had won, this
campaign, with its wall-to-wall flip-flops and demagogueries and squalors, was
going to present a post-election debt to be paid off not of the money kind now
so much in the news. You can argue, as many no doubt will, that the problem is
all one of politics or of bashing by the media or that presidential politics in
1996 was no more degraded (and probably even less so) than it has been in the
past. But the fact remains that the man who won has an enormous job before him
in answering serious but ignored allegations and clarifying -- even identifying
-- his purposes in the term ahead. Bill Clinton is a fantastic performer and a
prodigious talker, but there are important things to be faced and chosen and
said by him that have not yet been heard, for all the mellifluous talk.

He has come out for everything. What is he really for? And what is he willing to
pay in political capital to get it? He knows, as well as everyone else in public
life does, that the coming four years will require a president who has the guts
to tell people what they can't have -- not just welfare and food-stamp
recipients who don't enjoy what you would call a throng of patrons in our
politics, but the middle-class entitlement beneficiaries he has been so ardently
wooing. Then there is the question of facing up to the myriad inquiries and
charges that dog him and his administration. There is only so much of the
accumulated trouble that can be laid off on Al D'Amato or Republican
troublemaking or other malevolences, or the ever-available, if not wholly
plausible, assertion of "snafu." More than a little of the trouble looks plenty
serious and requires a serious, credible response.

This was a campaign in which candidates seemed willing to do just about anything
to win. There may have been some restraint for tactical reasons. But there
didn't seem to be any restraint because a candidate had some standard below
which he wouldn't fall, because he didn't want to win enough to win in a
disreputable way. It is a perennial irony that much of a questionable nature
that is done to win people's support ultimately loses people's respect for the
candidate who was wooing them. For all the baloney that our campaigns are
engulfed in, and for all the unreasonable, self-contradicting demands the
electorate seems to make, people finally understand and respect the public
leader who is willing to do what is right at a cost to himself, who works from a
real inner compass and who is willing to take the consequence for his actions.
The re-elected president is said to have won his last campaign. In fact, he has
the last one yet to win.

LOAD-DATE: November 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              311 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 13, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Morality tale for our venal times;
FICTION

BYLINE: Reviewed by Andrew Riemer

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Books; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 591 words


Leave Me Alone: A Novel Of Chengdu

By Murong Xuecun, translated by Harvey Thomlinson

Allen & Unwin, 324pp, $23.99

CHEN ZHONG, the narrator of this fast-paced and highly accomplished novel of
life in contemporary China, remembers the days in the early 1990s when everyone
university students, office workers, housewives was making money hand over fist.
A decade later divorced, almost broke, out of work and disillusioned he
acknowledges the folly and venality of those heady times. "We lost our minds in
the struggle to be first; lost our way because we were crazy for cash ... At
that time I had a famous catchphrase: Money is earned, not saved."

Chen Zhong's sad (but often very funny) story could have been played out in a
large city in most parts of the world: in New York or London, Moscow or Mumbai,
Sydney or Buenos Aires. His is the universal story of youngish movers and
shakers who are not quite as clever as they think they are, whose complicated
wheeling and dealing always with the aim of making a bit on the side often goes
off the rails and whose private lives end up in a mess. He worships the same
cars, snorts the same drugs and lusts after the same one-night stands and
designer labels as his counterparts the world over. In short, Leave Me Alone is
a morality tale for our time.

The difference is that Murong's novel is set in Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan
province, an important manufacturing and financial centre of about 11 million
people in south-western China. For that reason at least in Harvey Thomlinson's
lively English version there is a strong sense that these characters strive to
crawl their way to the top of the money pile in what is for them a brave new
world.

The plot, such as it is, focuses on Chen Zhong, a middle manager for a large oil
and automotive parts company, and two of his contemporaries at university: Li
Liang, a shady entrepreneur who seems the most successful of the three, and
"Bighead" Wang, a police chief who has as nice a line in graft and corruption as
anyone else.

As is the way of the world, the three friends always seem ready to prop up one
another, yet they are not at all averse to twisting the knife if self-interest
demands it. When Chen Zhong suspects that his wife is having an affair, Bighead
obliges by giving him details of her mobile phone calls. The policeman also
tries to get his friend out of a sticky situation over expense accounts and
other fiddles. Both try to rescue Li Liang when the mighty entrepreneur with
feet of clay ingests one too many illegal substance. Yet all betray one another.

Some of the most memorable pages of Murong's novel deal with office politics
deadly games in which Chen Zhong, for all his confidence and bluster, finds
himself outwitted by his appalling boss, the gargantuan "Fatty" Dong, a
mean-eyed tyrant, and by his own meek underlings as well. In these sections in
particular, Murong presents vivid images of a new China, a China in transition,
where traditional values clash with the cut-throat individualism of a
particularly raw type of capitalist ideology. That kind of an anomaly enlivens
other aspects of this fascinating book.

According to the publisher's blurb, Leave Me Alone started life as a novel
posted on the internet. Appropriately, therefore, its characters are citizens of
a world where everything is now, where yesterday was a thousand years ago yet
Chen Zhong's reminiscences mingle the latest hit tunes with an array of
allusions to classical Chinese poetry and culture.

Andrew Riemer is the Herald's chief book reviewer.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 5, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Archer Daniels Informant Receives a 9-Year Sentence

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 802 words

DATELINE: URBANA, Ill., March 4


Mark E. Whitacre, the former executive of the Archer Daniels Midland Company who
worked as a Government informant in a huge investigation of price-fixing by the
company, was sentenced today to nine years in prison for stealing millions of
dollars from his former employer.

Federal Judge Harold A. Baker also ordered Mr. Whitacre to repay Archer Daniels
more than $11.4 million, including almost $2 million in interest. Much of that
money was taken through a complex scheme of bogus invoices and dummy
corporations even as Mr. Whitacre was secretly cooperating with the Government
investigation. That inquiry resulted in Archer Daniels's pleading guilty to
price-fixing and paying a record $100 million fine.

Mr. Whitacre's sentence is one of the longest prison terms given in a
high-profile white-collar case. Because his punishment was determined under
sentencing guidelines adopted earlier in this decade, Mr. Whitacre, who pleaded
guilty to the charges in October, does not stand a chance for parole. The
earliest he could be released from prison is in slightly less than eight years.

In handing down his sentence, Judge Baker said that Mr. Whitacre was a man of
unusual talents and abilities, who was motivated to commit crimes out of his own
"venality and greed," despite his success.

"It is not inconceivable that in due course Mr. Whitacre might have become the
C.E.O. of" Archer Daniels, Judge Baker said. "But interlaced with his success is
a tale of mendacity, deceit, coercion and theft."

Judge Baker ordered that Mr. Whitacre, who suffers from manic depression, be
initially sent to a Federal medical facility for evaluation. After the hearing,
Mr. Whitacre's lawyer, Bill T. Walker, said it was unclear how long Mr. Whitacre
might remain in a medical institution. Still, Judge Baker said that he found "no
clear connection" between Mr. Whitacre's mental illness and the crimes he
committed.

Before sentencing, Mr. Whitacre, 40, said in a hoarse, raspy voice that he
accepted responsibility for his actions, and apologized to people affected by
his actions. "I'm here to accept my punishment," he said.

Despite Mr. Whitacre's plea, yesterday's hearing was replete with conflicting
versions of what really happened with Mr. Whitacre at Archer Daniels. Mr.
Whitacre has maintained that while he did take the money, it was part of an
illegal, off-the-books bonus system approved by the senior management of Archer
Daniels. But Federal prosecutors said there was no evidence that such a system
ever existed. The issue was raised in today's hearing to determine whether Mr.
Whitacre had accepted responsibility for his crimes, which would decrease the
amount of time he would have to serve under the complex sentencing formula.

Mr. Walker said that the Government had evidence of senior management's
involvement, including a 1994 tape recorded by Mr. Whitacre in the price-fixing
investigation in which compensation was discussed.

But Donald B. MacKay, the Federal prosecutor in charge of the case, said that
Mr. Whitacre's allegations had been investigated and determined to be false.

"There is not one shred of evidence that in any way would lend any support to
Mr. Whitacre's frequent and public pronouncements" about the secret bonus plan,
Mr. MacKay said. He added that the tape described by Mr. Walker did not exist.

During the rest of the hearing, other issues were raised about Mr. Whitacre's
truthfulness. For example, both sides discussed a bogus document that Mr.
Whitacre created last fall that purported to be a letter to him from Mr. Walker.
That letter suggested that the reason Mr. Whitacre pleaded guilty was that he
feared his wife would be indicted. Prosecutors argued that the letter showed Mr.
Whitacre was shirking responsibility for his actions; Mr. Walker said that,
despite the forging of the document, the statements contained in it reflected
the truth.

Questions were also raised about a purported suicide attempt by Mr. Whitacre
last week, when his sentencing was originally scheduled. Judge Baker said that
police investigators came away believing the incident had been staged. At the
same time, he made note of the fact that Mr. Whitacre's doctor still considered
him a suicide risk.

The various conflicts made it difficult to judge the veracity of any of Mr.
Whitacre's contentions, Judge Baker said. "It is difficult to know when Mr.
Whitacre is lying and when he is being truthful."

The sentencing today does not end Mr. Whitacre's legal troubles. Because his
thefts violated his cooperation agreement in the price-fixing case, the
Government pulled its grant of immunity. Mr. Whitacre was among the Archer
Daniels executives indicted last year on charges of price fixing. That criminal
case is scheduled to be tried in July.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              313 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 2, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

WORD & IMAGE;
Body Bags at 11

BYLINE: By Max Frankel

SECTION: Section 6;  Page 24;  Column 3;  Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1085 words


SIRENS BLEAT, BODIES float, suspects cringe, victims weep. Celebrities preen and
promote. Anchors chat and emote. It's local news time: normally 30 minutes of
hell and blather, ads and promos, weather and sports, starting at 9, 10 or 11 --
local television's most profitable time of night and its most disheartening use
of the air.

There are exceptions, of course, here and there, one night or another. But in
most of America, whatever channel you watch, the late news is obsessed with
crime and disaster, encouraging fear or smug comfort, or both. It assails the
mind but offers nothing much to think about -- not even about crime, war and
disaster. No helpful assessments of the police or local hospital. Almost nothing
about education except some school shooting. Nothing about housing except some
landlord's venality. Nothing about traffic except some flaming collision. Much
less anything reflective about politics, economics, foreign affairs.

We all know it's so, but local news being local, it's hard to document the
dreary sameness from city to city, set to set, anchor to anchor. It's also been
too easily excused: after all, didn't the nightly local news replace the local
evening paper that thrived on crime and scandal, astrology and sports? Yes, but
even the yellowest of the yellow sheets had a distinctive personality and point
of view, style of writing and roster of stars. Most of the papers' TV
descendants lack the confidence and talent to stray from the pitiful norm, and
now I've got the proof.

The evidence is called "A Day in the Life of Local TV News in America." It's a
pamphlet assessing the content of one night's local news on 50 stations in 29
cities, large and small. Volunteers in selected cities were recruited by the
Rocky Mountain Media Watch of Denver to tape the Jan. 11 news shows (fussily
called "programs" by The Times); Paul Klite, Robert A. Bardwell and Jason
Salzman then ran the tapes past their stopwatches. It takes less than the time
of one newscast to absorb their findings.

They began by defining an American television newscast: The average commercial
station devoted 43 percent of its air time -- less than 13 minutes out of the
typical 30 -- to what can be generously called general news. None offered more
than 17 minutes of news in a half hour, and none less than 10. Sports and
weather averaged a little more than 6 minutes. Commercials on average claimed
nearly 8 1/2 minutes -- and more than 10 minutes at 10 of the stations.

The news segments, predictably, were dominated by "Mayhem" stories involving
either crime or disaster. The stations' search for distress that January evening
was helped along by vivid scenes of the devastation caused by California's rains
and floods. But half the time devoted to purely local news (not counting the
floods or O. J.) was also given over to mayhem. And the majority of the crime
stories, mostly about murder, were plainly local:

Son shoots mother five times with bow and arrow. (Pittsburgh)

Boyfriend sets girlfriend on fire. (Chicago)

Body mutilated and put on display. (Austin)

City's first female drive-by gang shooting. (Tucson)

On to the "Fluff Index." This category encompasses trivial features, anchor
chatter, celebrity items and teasers about the news to come after the
commercial. Somewhat arbitrarily, the analysts had to decide how much O. J. was
celebrity gossip and how much crime. (The next morning, which was two weeks
before the start of the Simpson trial, The New York Times's O. J. article
appeared on page 14: "Prosecution Says Simpson Abused Wife for 17 Years.")

The average newscast served up 1 minute of fluff for every 3 minutes of news:

Girl reunited with dog.

How to tango.

Ex-Mayor's portrait on beer bottle.

Today's daily trivia question.

Baby tamarins at the zoo.

Fluff seems to be a sensitive area for some stations. The Rocky Mountain
monitors observed that WRC-TV in Washington, with an average fluff-to-news ratio
of 1 to 3, was running a promo advertising "No fluff, no chit-chat, no
nonsense." And KMGH-TV in Denver, promising "No filler, no fluff, no contests,"
was judged to be offering fluff to news in a ratio of nearly 1 to 2.

A station that stood out favorably with low scores on both the fluff and mayhem
charts was WBBM-TV, the CBS property in Chicago. Surprise, surprise: it runs a
distant third in the ratings behind ABC's WLS-TV (not covered in the survey) and
NBC's WMAQ-TV (double the fluff and more than double the mayhem).
Understandably, results like that frighten the managers of commercial stations.

But at least in some cities, viewers seem to be commendably restive. WCCO-TV,
the CBS station in Minneapolis that scored high on the mayhem index but low on
fluff, discovered last year that 4 out of 5 viewers clicked the Remote to switch
channels during the 10 o'clock news -- and on average they clicked five times
during the half hour! Thus was born an idea that may, in time, offer the local
news everywhere a measure of redemption.

John Culliton, WCCO's general manager, decided to give the switchers a place to
land. He began in January to produce a second, simultaneous newscast on an
independent station that offers the same headline appetizer but a different main
dish -- generally more local and life-style news in place of the sports and
weather. By using the same commercials, the two programs qualify for a combined
viewership rating.

Real distinction, however, would transcend such modest choice. It would offer
journalistic expertise and showmanship to compete with the vivid pictures of
maimed victims, burning buildings and distraught relatives. It would require
reporters who know their subjects as well as the sports and weather people know
theirs. It would put a premium on covering the cost of Medicare and the trickery
in City Hall's budget. It would require hiring animators to turn out colorful,
instructive graphics that explain the stories that don't photograph well.

The customary excuse for the low quality of local television news is that the
viewers won't stay around for anything better. But hardly any stations employ
enough talent to test that proposition.  Hardly any are even willing to try
analyzing urban violence instead of merely filming it and to make celebrities of
worthy citizens instead of celebrating models of fluff. Yes, the attention span
of the local news audience is scandalously short. But to find the juiciest
scandal, local television news need only look at itself.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              314 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Slimy business as usual in the Albany cesspool

BYLINE: Michael Goodwin

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 604 words


Oh , TO be a fly on the wall in Gov. Cuomo's office.

Albany's three most powerful men often met there, and Cuomo once called himself,
Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos "the three amigos." Now Cuomo is the only amigo
still standing.

The arrest of Skelos on Monday, less than three months after Silver also was
busted on federal charges, neuters the leaders of both parties in both houses of
the Legislature. The Empire State was never a bastion for the pure of heart, but
the twin takedowns make this an era of historic venality.

Still, to call the arrests shocking wouldn't be accurate. Inevitable is more
like it.

You could smell the rot of Albany around the country. And with Skelos and Silver
having a total lock on every action and nonaction, there was no way to believe
they were running clean houses.

Cuomo once accused me of believing that "all politicians are corrupt." Well,
well, where did I ever get such a cockeyed idea?

In truth, I don't believe all politicians are corrupt. Just most of those in
Albany, along with a smattering here, there and everywhere else.

Albany is different in all the worst ways. Corruption there is not a side gig,
it's the heart of the matter. Some pols have been busted in their first terms,
meaning they went there precisely to steal.

Others did it slowly, learning from the master kickbackers one con at a time. As
the string of nearly 40 indictments and convictions shows, legislation,
regulations, taxes, spending, the budget - they've all been distorted so the
crooked pols could get a cut of the action.

It's a cesspool of self-dealing, where almost nothing is done on the merits.
Scores of so-called charities have been created for the sole purpose of looting
taxpayer money.

Of all the sky-high taxes New Yorkers pay, the corruption tax is the most
galling. The real cost of government is grossly inflated when the toll takers
are on the take.

The Skelos charges are typical. They allege he was "monetizing" his office by
selling favors to various interests and corporations, primarily to get money for
his son.

He should have just told the kid to get a real job. But that's not the Albany
way. What's the point of power if you don't abuse it?

Think of what it must be like in the capital for an honest person, legislator or
bureaucrat. Wherever you look, somebody is on the take. Some role models, some
peer pressure.

That pattern helps to explain why New York has such lousy government. If you
were a man or woman of integrity and talent, but knew you would have to fall in
line behind party leaders like Silver and Skelos, would you run for office or
even work in the capital? Hell, you could get the same experience by jumping in
the Gowanus Canal!

There is, however, one official who emerges from this muck smelling like a rose
- Preet Bharara.

Not since Rudy Giuliani cleaned out the stables of City Hall 30 years ago has
there been a Gotham prosecutor brave enough to take on the Big Boys. Back then,
it was Donald Manes and a slew of dirty pols and shady businessmen who had made
whole areas of city government their private thing.

Now it's Albany and it's Bharara, who has Giuliani's old job as head of the
legendary Southern District. He's a bulldozer in a china shop, and thank God for
him. He's also been incredibly articulate about the need for New Yorkers to get
mad as hell and not take it anymore.

As for Cuomo, he came into office vowing to throw the bums out, ended up
embracing Silver and Skelos, and now he's covered in mud. What can he be
thinking?

Do tell, lucky fly on the wall, do tell.

mgoodwin@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

COMMENTARY - POLITICS AND STUFF;
Sen. Wilkerson: Not really the point

BYLINE: DAVID A. MITTELL

SECTION: Editorial; pg. 7

LENGTH: 706 words


Sen. Dianne Wilkerson is what she is, and it now appears she is worse than we
thought, which for many of us wasn't much.

But outright bribery, of which she is now accused, is a simple thing, and she
allegedly made it as simple as can be: Unlike what Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens is
convicted of doing, she didn't smudge appearances with fictitious requests to be
sent bills for favors accepted. She just stuffed the money into her brassiere,
according to the FBI.

That's a good place to halt a for moment. This act, which was seemingly caught
on a hidden camera, will go down in Boston's lore of venality and feats of
stupidity. In its indelibility it almost stands alone.

Wilkerson's hand in there somewhere gives her miscreant career a mythic charm I
can only compare to the Jamaica Plain man who survived jumping off the Mystic
River Bridge twice. But that poor fellow had the sense to give up after two
jumps and he died in bed.

Wilkerson's hand is an image overlaid with implications of greed, crassness, sex
and class, but not, I would submit, of race.

Nonetheless, from the hidden camera we only really know she put something
underneath her shirt or sweater. If Curt Schilling had pocketed what appeared to
be a wad of bills, we might say it went into his jockstrap. But we would be
engaging in hyperbole, and that is what we are doing with her and her brassiere.
It may seem a small point, but we need to try to juice the imagery down and
stick to the facts entered into evidence.

After being charged, Wilkerson said the charges against her were going to test
the presumption of innocence. Fine. Until shown otherwise, I am prepared to
presume it was Belgian endive she was placing under her chest protector - to use
another baseball image. I am willing to presume as much, not because I don't
believe she isn't worse than we had previously thought, but because, guilty or
not, she is no longer the point.

It is now 40 years since I first coined the term "the know-somebody system" by
which the preternaturally corrupt politics of Massachusetts still operate. A
mere citizen looking for a liquor license, a plot-plan approval, a certificate
of occupancy or what have you either stares into the bureaucratic abyss alone or
pays a lawyer specializing in the citizen's right - corruptly construed as a
privilege - an extortionate fee to retrieve his right.

But there's a higher social class - those who "know somebody" - and it appears
that, for all her phony populism and racial blackmail when her own acts got her
into trouble, Dianne Wilkerson was someone to know because she knew and could
influence other someones-to-know.

What Marx would call the "typical" scandal, what we would call the "systemic"
scandal, was the Aug. 16, 2007, meeting Sen. Wilkerson convened with Boston City
Council President Maureen Feeney, Sen. Michael Morrissey and Boston Licensing
Board Chairman Daniel Pokaski, with the apparent ready endorsement of Boston
Mayor Thomas Menino. (The FBI says Senate President Therese Murray was in
attendance as well, but the Plymouth Democrat says otherwise, so we'll take her
at her word.)

The "know-somebody system" was now in secret plenary session. The law as we know
it was bypassed by a special law enabling the supplicants - it doesn't really
matter who they were - to get their liquor license by what in pidgin Latin I
would callad hunc hack("for this hack") special-interest legislation, and not by
due process.

For 15 years I served on the board of a Roxbury non-profit housing developer. A
number of years ago, the agency's staff twice proposed Wilkerson for a lifetime
achievement award. Twice I argued against it, saying, "If you give her this
award, you are saying, 'This is the best this community can produce' - and you
know that's not true."

Twice my argument prevailed, but only thanks to tenants who also served on the
board. These were people who, sometimes with difficulty, paid their taxes on
time and lived their lives honestly.

Wilkerson never did get the award. I'm proud of the ones (they were mostly
women) she could have done much to represent, but did not. With only the hidden
cameras of their wisdom they saw her clear-eyed for what she was.

David A. Mittell Jr. is a Boston-based syndicated columnist.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This still image made from video allegedly shows Massachusetts state
Sen. Dianne Wilkerson, D-Boston, stuffing bribe money under her sweater on June
18, 2007, at the bar at the No. 9 Park restaurant in Boston., Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                              316 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            August 9, 2008 Saturday
                                  IRE Edition

AND SO BEGINS EPIC DRAMA;
Forget the scourge of doping, our athletes can help make you believe that these
Games have a pure heart

BYLINE: SHANE McGRATH

SECTION: Pg. 94

LENGTH: 1616 words


THIS, then, is why our wild geese have spread hopeful wings on every tide for
the past four years.

This is why Derek Burnett gave up his job and started a business that is now
suffering in the ailing economy. This is why Derval O'Rourke packed her car and
snuck to Bath on a ferry one day last year.

This is why Chloe Magee left home at 17 and moved to Sweden, an alien land and
language. This is why every one of the Irish competitors bartered what passes
for a social and personal life in contemporary Ireland.

This, with all its faults, its venality, its cheats and its corporate hucksters,
is the Olympic Games.

When the smoke cleared and the din from firecrackers emptied out of the Beijing
sky last night, it became as simple and as clean as athletes trying to be No 1.

In those fleeting hours between the end of last night's razzamatazz and the
commencement of events this morning, every member of Ireland's 54-strong party
could forget about sub-standard facilities, shy expectations and the suspicion
and plain indifference of the folks back home, and simply let their wildest
hopes gallop free.

Of course, a harsher truth will reign for the vast majority, who must console
themselves with personal bests, or simply doing their best.

It is worth stating again that there is nothing wrong with that. We have no
bloated Olympic heritage; our spikes of attainment at Olympiads has been more
about extraordinary individuals like Treacy, Carruth and O'Sullivan, or else
have come swaddled in rags of controversy, like in Atlanta.

The majority will not trouble the medal bearers or those charged with playing
anthems at ceremonies. There has been a discernible weariness when people like
Irish chef de mission Dermot Henihan have cautioned against unrealistic
expectation.

True, no one wants to hear hopes beaten down like lumps in a carpet, but
Henihan, like John Treacy and, for that matter, David Gillick and other athletes
who have called for perspective, are not preparing the Irish public for
cushioned disappointment because it is their preference.

These, let us not forget, are the people toiling in the shallows of Irish sports
each day of the year, while the majority of us hove into view only when there is
controversy or success.

That is not to say Irish athletics is run with the smooth discipline of a
Chinese traffic management system. The preposterous situation pertaining to
Treacy's accreditation is evidence of that, while the resignation of Sean Kelly
two weeks ago was further proof of a system that appears in need of definition,
if not streamlining.

The likes of Gillick know all about the meagre facilities and structures within
which an Irish athlete must prepare, though.

'I was going from doing athletics as a hobby and doing quite well at it,' he
told Sportsmail recently, 'but wanting to go a little bit further, doing the
little things like extra core work and having medical backup.

'It's just being a professional athlete, but I couldn't really do that at home,
unfortunately. That stressed me out. I wasn't happy.' So he moved to
Loughborough, where he is happy, and more importantly, where he can exercise
himself to the point where there are no excuses.

Gillick, O'Rourke, Roisin McGettigan, and Paul Hession: all in the upper caste
of Irish athletes, and all plying their trade outside of the country.

However, there will, one wearily presumes, be enough time to rail against the
rusting scaffold provided for elite athletes in Ireland after these Games. For
now, it is time to see just how much more they have extracted from themselves by
availing of the best in sports science and training.

Infrequent word coming out of the athletes' camp in Matsui is suggesting that
injury concerns over O'Rourke, Eileen O'Keeffe and Alistair Cragg are all
receding.

O'Keeffe was rapidly elevated to medal prospect after her sixth-place finish at
the World Championships in Osaka last year, but it remains to be seen how much
of that form she has held, particularly given her limited training opportunities
over the last fortnight.

O'Rourke is a far happier woman than she was a year ago, and a place in the
final of the women's 100m hurdles would rank as a weighty achievement.
Similarly, Cragg's intention of running in both the 1500m and 5,000m is evidence
of his sprightly mental state.

However, his recovery from an Achilles injury could yet limit his participation
in the 1500m if he is striving to be in optimum condition for the 5K.

Nothing has changed over the past fortnight, however, to shake the belief that
Hession and Robert Heffernan are poised as Ireland's stars on the track.

In Hession's case, making the final of the 200m would be superb, and do not bet
against the Athenry man beating his personal best of 20.30 to get there.

Heffernan, the magnificently abrasive 20K walker, is a serious prospect for a
podium finish. He thrives on confrontation, and has stored away slights and
grudges with the care of a nervous squirrel collecting nuts.

His trainer is Polish walking legend Robert Korzeniowski, while Heffernan has
also been training with Spanish star Francisco Javier Fernandez (an indication
of the polar points occupied by the two: Fernandez is a multi-millionaire,
courted by Spain's ruling elite. Heffernan worked on a building site less than
two years ago).

If he maintains his discipline and abides by pre-race strategy, he has the
talent to greatly improve upon a sixth place at the World Championships.

Outside of the track and field, the coming week offers plenty of heft and hope
and, in the case of Burnett, arguably our best medal opportunity of the lot.

The laconic shooter's greatest challenge will be ensuring he gets out of the
heats and into tomorrow's trap final.

He has a miserable record of missing out on the last day's action at major
championships by either one target or two, but should he get through, the format
of the deciding shoot-out flattens the field.

The lightweight fours, like their heavyweight counterparts, were burdened with
fearsome draws this weekend, but anyone with a beating heart will dearly wish
that the former quartet make their decider.

They fell from a great height last season, but they are a tremendously engaging
crew with a definite record of achievement, and even if they must make their way
through the repechage, a happier camp under coach John Holland could propel them
into contention.

Boxing could also offer up a contender, but tricky draws and the sheer unknown
quality of opposition, particularly from Cuba and China, makes theirs a
hazardous trek to success.

As usual with an Irish Olympic guesstimation, then, caveats and 'what-ifs' clog
the thinking.

However, it is hardly trite or unfair to hope that the poison of doping does not
infect the coming 16 days.

Only the myopic will quibble with an athlete achieving the best of themselves,
but the ugly scab of drugs marks more than just the guilty; it spreads and
festers and can scar an entire team.

There is nothing to suggest such unhappiness will visit Team Ireland however, so
instead rub the sleep from weary eyes and tune in for as much of the coming
spectacle as possible.

Chinese customs will hardly be busy rifling through Ireland's bullion at the end
of August, but these people still constitute the best of us. Being surprised by
joy, a la Michael Carruth in Barcelona, would be a glorious bonus.

The Olympics persists as a crucible of possibility, despite the self-soiled
dirty baggage it lugs around.

And who dares to wager against possibility?

3CONTENDERS

DEREK BURNETT Event: Trap shooting Competing: Today THE LONGFORD man has been
here before, twice in fact. Agonisingly, in Athens four years ago, he missed out
on a place in the final by one target, after the wind suckered one of his shots.
Should he get through the heats and make tomorrow's final, Burnett can deliver.
Getting there could be his biggest challenge of all. Medal rating: 3/5

ROBBIE HEFFERNAN Event: 20K walk Competing: Saturday, August 16 TO see the
Togher man win a medal should buoy the heart of anyone who calls themselves
Irish. He has fought serious odds, but then Heffernan would not be happy with a
gilded walkway to the podium. He can deliver.

Medal rating: 3/5

EILEEN O'KEEFFE Event: Women's hammer Competing: Monday, August 18 INJURY and
flat-lining expectations have been O'Keeffe's heralds into these Games, but she
is a little more than some Olympian ingénue who will struggle in her event. She
is in a field brimful of talent, but that did not deter her in Osaka. Her
personal best will have to shatter to make the final on August 20, but she can
perform.

Medal rating: 2/5

WHO CAN DREAM 3OF GLORY

PAUL HESSION Event: Men's 200m Competing: Monday, August 18 The biggest stage
does not unsettle Ireland's fastest ever man, and Hession is not to be backed
against making the final on Wednesday, August 20.

Medal prospects are negligible given the field he will be up against, but being
a finalist will be a superb achievement. Medal rating: 1/5

LIGHTWEIGHT FOURS Event: Rowing Competing: Tomorrow THEY finished second in the
world championships in 2005, 2006 saw further progression, and then came the
clattering disappointments of 2007.

The return of Gearoid Towey and the installation of John Holland as coach has
revitalised the crew. But the draw they have been handed, alongside France and
Germany, was brutal.

Medal rating: 1/5

DAVID O'LOUGHLIN Event: Cycling individual pursuit Competing: Friday, August 15
A competitive road racer, O'Loughlin is not long in the world of pursuit racing,
but he still managed to finish sixth at a World Championship event.

O'Loughlin is not amongst the fancied competitors, but in this race, odds can
tumble as quickly ascyclists. Medal rating: 1/5

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             January 9, 2006 Monday

Comment & Debate: Like arsenic in the water supply, lobbyists have poisoned
Washington: Both Democrats and Republicans have got rich off the millions that
flow to those in power, leaving the poor sidelined

BYLINE: Gary Younge

SECTION: GUARDIAN COMMENT AND DEBATE PAGES ; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1209 words


The US Congress stands at the pinnacle of American democracy, which the nation
is proud - on occasion - to export at the barrel of a gun. Inside, 100 senators
and 435 members of the House of Representatives balance the interests of the
nation and their constituents with their consciences and party allegiances.
Their boss is the American people. Their election campaigns - one huge
interview.

This is the basic civics lesson on which every American child is raised and
which few adults seriously question. Politicians themselves are held in low
esteem - a CNN/USA Today poll last week showed 49% of Americans think their
legislators are corrupt. This is generally regarded as the product of individual
venality rather than an institutional virus. But if Americans still believe that
after last week, then they don't know Jack.

Jack Abramoff, that is. Last Tuesday Abramoff, a high-powered corporate
lobbyist, pleaded guilty in a federal courtroom in Washington to bribery, fraud
and tax evasion. He has admitted "providing a stream of things of value to
public officials" in return for favours, including agreements to back particular
laws and put statements in the Congressional Record.

Court papers reveal that this key financier of the Bush administration's
high-minded agenda of moral piety is a foul-mouthed, greedy bigot. In
intercepted emails, he refers to his Native American clients - whom he played
off against each other for millions of dollars which he then used to pamper
politicians - as "morons", "monkeys", "fucking troglodytes" and "losers". He did
the nation's business not through persuasive debate but with golfing trips to
Scotland, junkets to the Pacific, corporate boxes at the Superbowl, and
expensive meals at fancy restaurants.

So Abramoff is going down. The only question, now that he has agreed to
cooperate with investigators, is how many politicians he will take with him and
how far up the food chain prosecutors are prepared to follow the money.

So far only one legislator, Bob Ney from Ohio, has been directly implicated. But
these are early days. Like arsenic in the water supply of the nation's political
culture, Abramoff's filthy money sloshed around Capitol Hill and flowed freely
wherever there was power. Those who fear contamination are now rushing to give
the money he gave them to charity. The wall of shame reads like a Who's Who of
American politics, including President George Bush, Hillary Clinton, the Senate
Democratic leader Harry Reid, the former House leader Tom DeLay, and the speaker
of the House Dennis Hastert. DeLay, who stood down after he was recently
indicted for money-laundering, once described Abramoff as "one of my closest and
dearest friends". This weekend, under pressure from colleagues, these ties
forced DeLay to abandon any hope of returning to the helm.

Abramoff is looking at 10 years in prison and has agreed to repay $26.7m to
those he defrauded. Washington is looking at several months of scandal that
could exact a far higher price. For a man like Abramoff does not get that kind
of Rolodex by accident. It takes an entire system to support and indulge him.
His actions were not aberrant but consistent with an incestuous world in which
you had to "pay to play".

"Lawful lobbying does not include paying a public official a personal benefit
with the understanding, explicit or implicit, that a certain official act will
occur," explained assistant attorney general Alice Fisher last week. "That's not
lobbying. That's a crime." If she's true to her word, the entire political class
will soon be in the dock.

Lobbyists spend about $25m per politician each year trying to gain political
advantage. In the words of Zbigniew Brzezinski in 2002: "We have created a
culture in which there's no distinction between what is illegal and what is
unethical."

Just two months ago Randy "Duke" Cunningham, a Republican congressman from San
Diego, confessed to accepting $2.4m in bribes and evading more than $1m in
taxes. The former navy pilot, whose exploits in Vietnam formed the basis for the
film Top Gun, was given a Rolls-Royce, Persian carpets and use of a yacht.

Democrats are eager to exploit yet another impending crisis. "This kind of
politics," said Democrat Jon Tester, "doesn't really represent the rank-and-file
folks that are out there every day trying to make ends meet." Tester is
challenging Montana's Republican senator, Conrad Burns, who had close ties to
Abramoff.

He has a point. But it may not do him any good. The Bush administration did not
invent this system - remember all those corporate visitors who stayed over in
the White House during Clinton's time? But the problem has certainly got much
worse under its tenure, which has seen the number of registered lobbyists in
Washington more than double to nearly 35,000. Meanwhile, since 1998 more than
40% of politicians leaving Congress have gained jobs lobbying their former
colleagues.

This whiff of sleaze has certainly clung to Republicans. After the indictment of
vice-presidential aide Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Americans believed that Bill
Clinton ran a more ethical administration, even after the Monica Lewinsky
scandal, than Bush does now. Abramoff's woes will hardly improve matters.

So the Democrats are pushing at an open door. The trouble is that they are on
the same side of it as the Republicans, and the public are left out in the cold.
Almost a third of Abramoff's money went to Democrats. In a poll for NBC and the
Wall Street Journal, 79% of Americans believe corruption is "equally a problem
among both parties".

The Democrats stand for office, but little in the way of substantive change.
This just leads to growing cynicism among their core base. So long as big money
has bought up both sides of the aisle, the poor will never get a fair deal.
Never mind the red and blue states: whoever you vote for, the green always wins.

Those who wield these huge sums to lure politicians are apt to act against the
interests of those who have barely any money. One of Abramoff's most successful
projects was when he represented officials from the Northern Mariana islands.
The islands, seized by the US from Japan after the second world war, operate
under a special covenant that allows for a lower minimum wage, making it a haven
for sweatshops. "We have evidence that at least some of the Chinese workers,
when they become pregnant, are given a three-way choice," the interior
secretary, Bruce Babbitt, testified to the Senate in 1998. "Go back to China,
have a back-alley abortion . . . or be fired." Abramoff lobbied hard to ensure
the islands maintained their special status, flying politicians there to play
golf on "fact-finding missions". He succeeded. DeLay later hailed the Northern
Marianas as a "free-market success".

Corporate lobbyists are why one in six Americans has no health insurance even
though almost two-thirds want a universal government healthcare system that
would provide coverage to everyone. Corporate lobbyists are why the minimum wage
has not been increased for the past nine years, even though 86% of Americans
support a substantial hike. They pimp the principle of democracy in pursuit of
profit - they are the cancer within a body politic that continually boasts a
clean bill of health.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 10, 2001, Friday

2 RABBIS GET PRISON IN FRAUD

BYLINE: By MIKE CLAFFEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 327 words

Two Brooklyn rabbis - including an ex-adviser to former Mayor Ed Koch - were hit
with 33-month prison terms yesterday for looting more than $300,000 from a
HUD-funded Holocaust charity.

Rabbis Jacob Bronner, 51, who was appointed to the city Human Rights Commission
by Koch, and Efroim Stein, 55, have each already paid $162,500 in restitution.

Brooklyn Federal District Judge Raymond Dearie sentenced them to identical
prison terms that had been agreed to in plea negotiations with the Brooklyn U.S.
Attorney's Office.

The Orthodox rabbis admitted in February that they diverted money to their own
use from a $2.5 million HUD grant awarded to Project Social Care, a nonprofit
agency in Brooklyn designed to help Holocaust survivors.

In a remorseful statement, Bronner acknowledged that he had "tainted" his life's
work.

He added, "I did a very stupid thing. I literally ruined Project Social Care,"
he said. "I regret this more than anything else."

Judge Dearie said he was unable to reconcile the good works that Bronner and
Stein had achieved in their lives with the "wanton fraud and venality" of the
crime that they had admitted to.

"The good you have done has been undermined," he said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Tim Macht charged in court papers that the two rabbis
cooked up the scheme in 1995 and "conspired to use hundreds of thousands of
dollars of Project Social Care grant funds for their personal financial
benefit."

The two men admitted in February that they used some of the money to fund a
synagogue controlled by Stein and that they hired Stein's relatives for no-show
jobs at an institute that was supposed to have trained counselors to aid
Holocaust survivors.

They also admitted that they paid several unnamed companies for goods and
services that were never provided. The bulk of the money was then returned to
them as kickbacks.

Dearie has allowed both men to surrender to the Bureau of Prisons on Oct. 15.


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              319 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 24, 1994, Thursday

ANOTHER EMPIRE FALLS Television has become a dinosaur; it's time to let it die a
painful death

BYLINE: By David Feldman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 18

LENGTH: 540 words


SAN FRANCISCO - They say a fiber-optic utopia of 500 channels is just around the
corner, the slightest entertainment desire at our fingertips.

Bell Atlantic merges with Telecommunications Inc. Paramount and Time Warner
announce fifth and sixth networks. We are promised a future dominated by
television.

I disagree. All this activity in telecommunications is the last gasp of a dying
dinosaur. We witness the demise of television, indeed, the unraveling of a
monolithic power similar to the crumbling of another empire, the Soviet Union.
If a world without TV is unthinkable, just remember. Until 1989, a world without
communism was inconceivable. The two are comparable.

The end of World War II enlarged the threat of communism, which metastasized
from Joe Stalin to Mao-tse Tung to Fidel Castro. Meanwhile, television was
launched by the evil triumviate of NBC, CBS and ABC.

Many understood television's venality. Pundits feared eventual trivialization of
politics as candidates became telegenic instead of substantial. Others predicted
that news would fall victim to shortened attention spans while conversation
disappeared and children read less.

These fears were borne out.

Television has little to offer. Forty years ago, only three programs were worth
watching. Now, with all the new channels, there might be five.

Even TV news is of little value. Yes, it provides late-breaking information, but
in-depth and faster analysis is easier obtained from a newspaper or magazine.

One could posit that television damaged America more than communism. Yet TV was
quickly assimilated into our society. In my parents' home, television spread
like falling dominoes from the den into the kitchen and finally into everyone's
bedroom.

Eventually, the television was left on during family dinners. I often felt my
mother should set a place for the Zenith at Thanksgiving, since most of the
focus was there anyway.

Television pillaged our individuality. It mowed down America's diversity and
created a nation of video savants.

But take heart. Believe in the impossible: Television is done. I base this
premise on the notion that despite its ubiquity, television has only been around
since the 1950s. Before that, people talked at dinner. They painted and played
music. They told children bedtime stories instead of channel-surfing on the
couch.

Humans are not genetically predisposed to stare at a cathode ray tube seven
hours a day.

Network television is not even 50 years old. In the scheme of things it's just a
craze. And like all fads, it feeds upon itself until consumed.

The networks are crumbling into 500 channels. The Nashville Network and the
Learning Channel, for example, are analogous to the long- simmering ethnic and
nationalistic yearnings erupting in Yugoslavia or Russia.

Television will get worse. A lot worse. People will cancel their cable
subscriptions. They will turn off their sets. They will read, converse and feel
again.

Americans will recapture their singularity and, eventually, their soul. Let
television die. A quick, painful death.

David Feldman is a San Francisco area comedian recently hired as a writer for a
popular TV sitcom. This column was distributed by Scripps Howard News Service.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940560020

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              320 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                December 7, 1993

ROCK IRONY FROM A MASTER PRANKSTER

BYLINE: ADAM SWEETING

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 599 words


ALTHOUGH headlines like "Rock Legend Dies" have attended the death on Saturday
of Frank Zappa, he was scarcely a household name of the sort you could bracket
with Bruce Springsteen or Axl Rose. Some knew Zappa only as the man who
christened his children Dweezil and Moon Unit. Others took one look at his
alarming hawk-like nose, Billy Connolly hair and bandit's moustache (Zappa's
parents were second generation Sicilian-Greeks living in Baltimore), and fled
towards the comfort and safety of Adult-Orientated Rock.

However, discerning listeners who pride themselves on taking an investigative
peek into rock's dimly lit, difficult places, recognise Zappa as rock 'n' roll's
first satirist and its most original intellectual prankster. Young Frank began
his musical life thwacking at a set of drums, bashing out rhythm 'n' blues with
a group called The Ramblers, but equally important to his subsequent development
was the early discovery of Edgard Varese's experimental piece, Ionisation.
Thenceforth, his career would manage to cast a critical eye over the venality
and crassness of rock, while exploring widely across the spectrum of orchestral,
improvised and "new" music.

By the time Zappa joined the Soul Giants in 1964, he had already dabbled with
B-movie soundtracks and had a brush with the law over a spoof pornographic
recording. By 1966, the Soul Giants had become the Mothers Of Invention and had
recorded the provocative and barely house-trained Freak Out!, a riot of
in-jokes, free improvisation and protest songs.

Zappa's ironic distance from the rock and pop mainstream was punched home by
1967's We're Only In It For The Money, the title alone displaying a cynicism
decades ahead of its time while everybody else was wearing beads and flowers.
Then he paraded his eclecticism with the doo-wop of Ruben And The Jets and the
ferocious and precocious jazz-rock of Hot Rats. In 1971, he made the movie 200
Motels, with matching soundtrack, possibly thereby inventing the spoof
"rockumentary" form exploited by Spinal Tap more than a decade later.

For the next 20-odd years, Zappa's musical and business career was an object
lesson in restless self-determination. His music reflected and plundered from
punk, movie soundtracks, modern jazz and big band music, never afraid to bound
from Berg to Bartok to Berry (Chuck). He railed against America's corporate
complacency and political lurch to the right, deplored racism and homophobia,
and made a rare foray into the pop charts with the Top 40 hit, Valley Girl, in
1982. Away from the recording studio, he instigated legal action to regain
ownership of master tapes of albums he recorded for MGM/Verve, and subsequently
took on Warner Bros in his battle for control over his career. He set up his own
Barking Pumpkin label as a vehicle for both new recordings and reissues of
earlier work.

His homeland, famously lacking in irony, found it difficult to bestow the kind
of recognition on Zappa that he deserved.  However, Czechoslovakia appointed him
its Cultural Liaison Officer with the West in 1991, Zappa having interviewed
Czech premier Vaclav Havel on US cable TV the year before. Last night Havel
said: "Zappa was a friend of our newly born democracy and one of the first
people to visit here after the revolution [in November 1989]."

Zappa was too inquisitive and provocative to be easily pigeonholed, and it will
take years for his achievements to be fully appreciated. Meanwhile, there's his
new album with the Ensemble Modern, The Yellow Shark (Music For Nations), to be
going on with.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              321 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Straits Times

Body of evidence

                                  May 1, 1993

Claire Tham


A defence lawyer kills himself when his client tells him where a dead body is.

Novel

THE CLIENT By John Grisham Century/422 pages/$ 19.90

JOHN GRISHAM writes unusual thrillers in which lawyers are both the protagonists
and the villains. In his most memorable book, The Firm, he put an entire law
firm in the Mafia's clutches.

Once a practising lawyer himself, Grisham's attitude towards the profession as
revealed in his books is one of sardonic ambivalence: respect for its enormous
capacity for hard work, clear-eyed and satirical about its venality.

In a Grisham novel, despicable lawyers always get their come-uppances, often in
nasty ways.

A critic once speculated that this partly explained the author's success
-readers simply like to see lawyers suffer.

If so, this section of the reading public will be gratified to know that The
Client, Grisham's fourth book, opens with the unethical Jerome "Romey" Clifford
(defence counsel for Barry "The Blade" Muldano, a top Mafia thug) blowing his
brains out.

It transpires that Barry has been indicted for murdering a US senator.  However,
the case against him is weak as the body has not been found.

Aware that lawyers are not supposed to breach the confidentiality of the
attorney-client relationship, Barry has told Romey Cannot distribute vertically
where the body is buried.

Terrified by his knowledge, Romey decides to kill himself rather than wait
supinely to be killed by the Mafia. Unfortunately, Romey confides his
information to 11-year-old Mark Sway, who stumbles upon him accidentally just
before his messy death.

Suddenly, everyone is after Mark's secret: the Mafia, the FBI and Roy Foltrigg,
district attorney for New Orleans. The only person standing between the boy and
these competing interests is Regina "Reggie" Love, who knows that disclosure
could put Mark's life in permanent danger from the Mafia.

Unusually for Grisham, Reggie is a lawyer on the side of the angels: a tough,
middle-aged woman with an unhappy past who has decided to reinvent herself as an
attorney specialising in the protection of children's rights.

What ensues is the legal equivalent of a high-speed car chase, as the FBI and
the prosecutors run the gamut of legal tricks to force Mark to talk.

This includes illegal interrogation by the FBI and a petition filed in the
Juvenile Court before Judge Harry Roosevelt, which results in Mark being
detained in a juvenile centre. The ending is pure Hollywood action movie.

In a breathless sequence of events, Mark escapes from detention and sets out
with Reggie to discover if Romey was telling the truth about where the body was
buried, while Reggie negotiates with the FBI about securing Mark's ultimate
safety.

As always with Grisham, his descriptions of the workings of a law office and the
scenes in which characters discuss legal strategy have the bustle and ring of
authenticity and are the best parts in the book.

The Client also boasts some sharp characterisations: the strutting, ambitious
Foltrigg; the strong, compassionate Reggie; and the larger-than-life,
heart-of-gold Judge Roosevelt.

On the whole, though, The Client suffers by comparison with the earlier novels;
there is a sense that Grisham has run a little out of steam.

The plotting is looser, Mark and his mother, Diane, are rather unconvincing,
cardboard characters, and Grisham's writing is plainly awkward in what are meant
to be revelatory, emotional scenes, of which there seem to be considerably more
than in his other books.

Even the device of a victim on the run from Mafia thugs and the FBI is a
re-working of the ending of The Firm.

But even if The Client is slightly off-form Grisham, there is still much to be
enjoyed from its acerbic humour.

Of the deceased senator, Grisham remarks wryly that, having, "in keeping with
the great tradition of Louisiana politics, rounded up some cash and found a home
for it" he then got himself into office on the principle that "if a man had
enough sense to accumulate a bunch of cash, then he would certainly make a
worthy US senator".

There are sardonic descriptions of various lawyers: Gill Teal, a sleazy
ambulance-chaser who hounds accident victims and specialises in "lawnmowers,
electrical shock, deformed babies, car wrecks, exploding water heaters"; and
Willis Upchurch, Barry's new defence counsel, who thrives on sensation, money
and celebrity ("This was why he went to law school!").

Grisham's books are highly recommended therapeutic reading for anyone who has
ever staggered out of a law office wondering how an extra three zeroes have
managed to attach themselves to his bill.


SECTION: Life; Books; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1494 words

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Book Review

                 Copyright 1993 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              322 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

TEAM MARSHALL STARTS TO LOSE IT

BYLINE: Andrea Peyser

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 461 words


IN THE sad and wretched case of the indomitable Brooke Astor, I believe those
defending her hated son, Anthony Marshall, are becoming unglued.

Stick a fork in this turkey of a case, which pits the memory of a glorious,
generous blueblood against her shark of a son. It's over. Finished. Except for
the whining.

Last week, it seemed the wheels were falling off the Marshall wagon, as one
member of the defense squad after another cried, shouted, moaned, or simply
succumbed to the courthouse stress.

The first to crack was defense lawyer Ken Warner, who'd absorbed days of
bruising testimony in which Marshall was alleged to have told his fabulously
wealthy, 100-year-old mother that she was going broke.

Then, Marshall sold her favorite painting, allegedly without her permission, in
order to pocket a $2 million cut he presumably handed to his greedy wife,
Charlene.

Pestered about Marshall's venality, Warner grew testy.

"It's obvious," he boomed, "that he's a very caring, devoted and loving son!"

Obvious?

The next to crack was Charlene - a k a "Miss Piggy" - Marshall's stout and
grasping wife. Thursday was the couple's 17th wedding anniversary. Charlene was
seen sobbing uncontrollably.

In the courtroom, Charlene, 63, planted an inappropriate, sloppy wet one on the
kisser of the 84-year-old Marshall. Ew.

Marshall himself has suffered physically from the stress. Last week, he sat in
the hallway with his wooden cane, complaining to anyone who would listen about
his aching back.

Then, he talked of another physical ailment - his heart bypass.

The scar, he enthused, was tiny. "You can barely see it. It's magic!"

Mrs. Astor, who died in 2007 at 105, would abhor all this talk of mortality. The
lady who swam with dolphins into her 90s, and wandered her beloved Maine estate
like a teen-ager, leaving the younger generation in the dust, never complained.
She wouldn't have it.

She's been dead two years. But the spirit of the tiny, adorable, madcap Mrs.
Astor is very much alive.

The defense's quest to kill off the old woman has hit a snag. Mrs. Astor,
unexpectedly, has proven a tough cookie. As the days go by, it's as if I'm
getting acquainted with a fabulous woman I wish I'd known in life.

She commanded rooms filled with more pocket change than you'll see in a
lifetime, and gave friends the kind of jewels found in museums - so Charlene
wouldn't get her paws on them.

But Mrs. Astor, in white gloves and hat, also traveled to The Bronx or Harlem to
get to know the charities she supported. She never judged.

Her friends, particularly Annette de la Renta, were her "children." She
tolerated Tony, and supported him into old age. Some thanks she gets.

Given the choice, she would not have this trial.

Let the lady rest in peace.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 15, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Hogs Ripped Their Flesh

BYLINE: By Patrick McGrath;  Patrick McGrath's most recent book is the novel
"Spider." He is also co-editor with Bradford Morrow of the fiction anthology
"The New Gothic."

SECTION: Section 7; Page 7; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 942 words



THE LITTLE BROTHERS OF ST. MORTIMER
By John Fergus Ryan.
184 pp. New York:
Delta. Paper, $10.

THIS is a novel for those who like their humor black, their plots digressive and
their sex disorderly. It's a true picaresque, an episodic narrative about the
adventures of a gaggle of rogues, this particular crew making a less-than-epic
journey from one end of Arkansas to the other. The narrator is an itinerant con
man, the self-styled Brother Edgar of the utterly spurious fraternity of "The
Little Brothers of St. Mortimer." He is a fine creation -- a big, fat,
enterprising crook with a thousand stories and (beneath a thick crust of mordant
cynicism and rampant venality) a fairly good heart.

John Fergus Ryan, whose first novel, "The Redneck Bride," was also a raw,
raucous comedy set in the South, has chosen for his epigraph an old Arkansas
saying to the effect that hogs will eat anything, all of anything, including
dead bodies. This nugget of folk wisdom pertains directly to the novel's central
incident, a nasty bit of homicide on a lonely country road. It's also expressive
of the book's thematic undertone, its constant uneasy murmuring about the
instability and dissolution of all worldly things. For Brother Edgar and his
"family," no sense of transcendent value redeems this godless state of affairs;
the only good comes when occasional small bursts of human generosity flicker to
life in the darkness.

Brother Edgar lives and works out of a Chevrolet step van. He sells socks,
appraises antique jewelry, runs a "poetry contest" and poses as a Child
Evangelist. "I do not know what a Child Evangelist is supposed to do," he says,
"but I am sure you would not have to tail one for more than a day before you
found him at a playground, sniffing bicycle seats." He travels with his
assistant, "some kind of Mexican, named Morales Pittman."

One day the pair drop into Slovis Plumrod's cafe in Como, Ark.; on the other
side of the room, a notorious killer called the White River Kid is eating his
dinner. The local police have also spotted the Kid and are waiting outside to
gun him down. Brother Edgar cannot sit by and do nothing. He tips off the Kid,
who slips out by the back way and lies low in the van, along with a waitress
called Apple Lisa, who has fallen in love with him. Brother Edgar is left with
no choice but to drive the couple to Apple Lisa's family's home in Block Island,
a small town roughly 300 miles away.

This journey provides the central structure of the novel, from which Mr. Ryan is
never reluctant to deviate. He has a tireless and salty imagination and a quick,
sure touch with his characters, all of whom seem to have come to rather odd
arrangements with life. His depiction of the Kid is particularly deft; there's a
strange pathos about this unschooled, unloved, oversexed youth who tells Brother
Edgar: "I ain't never killed any people. Them things I killed, they wadn't
people. . . . They was nothing but wooly gums."

Wooly gums?

"Wooly gums is some kind of haint, some kind of thing like fog, only it's alive.
. . . They look like people, but they ain't, they're some kind of gas, trapped,
and they can't get out unless they's dead, unless somebody kills them."

Such talk is, of course, floridly psychotic, yet Mr. Ryan manages to convey, by
way of Brother Edgar's broad sense of the essential powerlessness of the human
condition, that this wild boy, this child of nature, might just, with kindness,
be coaxed back into the human family. The Kid's one distinguishing mark is a
butterfly tattooed on his cheek, "a true thing of beauty . . . too feathery, too
graceful, too ethereal to last ten minutes in the real world." The suggestion
lingers that the same might be said of the Kid.

On they go, down the back roads of Arkansas, with Brother Edgar supplying food,
clothing, shelter and counsel to the sexually inexhaustible young couple. The
omnivorous-hogs incident develops in a dismal spot called Socrates, where a pair
of very nasty customers, the Bunn brothers, attempt to ambush the van but come
to a bad end instead.

Eventually our heroes reach Block Island and the home of Apple Lisa, where her
father, Baker Weed, and mother, Mommer Weed, offer them hospitality. Mommer
prays nightly to Elvis Presley, who miraculously cured her cancer and now, she
believes, is killing the time before he can be welcomed into heaven by flying
about the sky six miles up in a straight-backed chair on an airplane wing with
hundreds of cats. The two Weed sons, Reggie and Elvis, are every bit as strange
as their parents, but nonetheless the two "families" settle down amicably in the
ramshackle old house and peace prevails. This is home, the Great Good Place, or
at least the closest approximation to it in the world of Brother Edgar. Alas, it
cannot last.

You wouldn't expect a happy ending from as pungently sardonic a novel as this,
yet Mr. Ryan manages a few last plot flourishes that see Brother Edgar well
settled for the rest of his days, and he deserves it. Though he wouldn't say so.
"I have observed," he declares, "that a man can go all his life never doing
anything but good to others and ninety-nine times out of a hundred he will die
broke, unloved, unappreciated, maybe even spat upon by those he helped.
Everything in this life is pure chance, there is no order, and there is no
reward for the good and no punishment for the evil."

This is the sort of breezy cynicism that fuels the novel throughout, that gives
it bite and energy and recalls the familiar paradox that in fiction the grimmest
and most hopeless of world views will often generate the greatest vitality.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              324 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 23, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SCIENCE LIBRARY

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 746 words


Water: the Nature, Uses, and Future of Our Most Precious and Abused Resource
By Fred Powledge. 423 pages. Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $14.95.  Water is
ubiquitous. It's found underground, on the earth's surface and in the air. It is
the only substance on earth that exists in all three physical states - liquid,
gas and solid. We depend on it for drinking, brushing our teeth, growing our
food, heating and cooling our homes, manufacturing our goods, bathing, and
playing with. It's so common we take it for granted.

But not after reading Mr. Powledge's book. For after telling us what water is,
how much of it there is above, on and in the earth (about 336 million cubic
miles, or 370 million billion gallons), the author tells us how we're using it
and what's happening to it. It is a grim tale.

A veteran reporter, Mr. Powledge has interviewed scores of people who have been
involved in his litany of examples of man's mistreatment of a substance life
depends on. And by avoiding jargon he makes the nonscientist aware of how
serious the nation's water problems are.

The list is long. From Love Canal to the James River to Long Island to New
Mexico and Maine, the instances of the addition of toxic wastes, pesticides and
industrial chemicals to the nation's soil, underground aquifers, oceans, lakes,
rivers and streams add up to a totality of ignorance, venality and that boggles
the mind.

In separate vignettes, the author details the impacts of aquatic environmental
problems in more than a score of states and points out the types of educational,
political and individual efforts that are required if the looming water crisis
is to be avoided. For those who want or need to know the intricacies,
significance and genesis of our water problems, this book is an invaluable
guide.  BAYARD WEBSTER
The Space Shuttle Operator's Manual
By Kerry Mark Joels, David Larkin and Gregory P. Kennedy. 160 pages,
illustrated. Ballantine Books. $22.50 hardcover, $9.95 paperback.

What a wonderful idea! Take the space agency's flight plans and news reference
books, digest the information, throw away the more confusing jargon and acronyms
and repackage the whole works in the guise of a book that you might find in the
glove compartment if you sat down to fly the space shuttle Columbia. The authors
describe it as less a ''how-to'' manual than a ''how-might-you'' book.

The result is so effective that the reader might, for one soaring moment, delude
himself into thinking that with this manual alone he just might operate the
space shuttle from launching to landing and handle any emergencies that came
along. There is more to flying the shuttle, of course, or else astronauts have
been wasting a lot of time in training. The shuttle is also a more complex piece
of machinery than one would suspect from reading this manual. But never mind.
This is a fascinating way to learn about the shuttle and how it operates.

The book is arranged as a sort of step-by-step guide, with six sections: from
earth to orbit, living in space, working in space, emergency procedures, entry
and landing procedures and space shuttle missions.

The first section, for example, includes drawings of the cockpit layout,
descriptions of the various systems and computer codes and a checklist of
prelaunching and ascent events. The checklist is a simplified version of the one
in the real crew activity plan, but with the addition of what you and the ground
controllers would probably say to each other over the radio. Another section
begins, in classic manual style, with the words, in four-alarm capitals, ''READ
BEFORE LEAVING ORBIT.''

Besides the flight plan, the book includes clear explanations of how to sleep,
eat, exercise and go to the bathroom in the shuttle, and of what to wear during
launching, in orbit and when you decide to go outside for a spacewalk. Enough
technical terms are preserved to give the manual an authentic flavor, but they
are always explained in crisp English.

Now that we know how to run the shuttle, the authors could serve us further if
they would only turn their attention to writing the instructions for assembling
and operating those toys or appliances that always seem to confound you with a
missing part or missing direction somewhere between step C and step D.  JOHN
NOBLE WILFORD

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Kensico Reservoir

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              325 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

Picking losers

LENGTH: 541 words


The Department of Energy, acting under authority provided in the stimulus
package of February 2009, may try to push through up to $5 billion in loan
guarantees to green energy projects before month's end (i.e., in the next 48
hours). This same program loaned Solyndra $535 million before the company
eventually filed for bankruptcy.  Given the Solyndra debacle and other
"investments" made through this program, officials and policymakers should pause
and admit to the serious structural problems associated with government
investments that try to pick winners in the market. The first problem is
venality.

With so much money at stake, there is genuine temptation for unsavory influence
peddling.  Solyndra's high-profile donors to President Barack Obama's election
campaign, its access to the White House and the pressure from the White House to
expedite Solyndra's loan guarantee were not unrelated. Whenever we give
officials the power to pick winners, would-be winners will find ways to woo
officials. The second problem is how this kind of government intervention
distorts feedback from the market that could improve management decision-making.
A recent Wall Street Journal article titled "Loan Was Solyndra's Undoing"
documents how the infusion of government money allowed Solyndra to double down
on a bet that increasing the scale of its production plant and equipment would
help it lower its per-unit costs. That bet failed to reduce costs. Ironically,
had Solyndra maintained its pre-government loan infrastructure ? all that the
market would have allowed ? it might have more nimbly responded to rapid changes
in the solar-panel marketplace. A final problem is how government investments
are skewed by purely political considerations.  An October 2010 memo to Obama
from then-White House economic advisor Larry Summers specifically outlined
problems with this loan guarantee program ? the potential for "double dipping"
from other government incentives, too little skin in the game from private
investors and the potential to use taxpayer money in programs that would proceed
without government assistance. The memo documents how these three concerns all
come together in a wind farm project called Shepherds Flat in Oregon. The
project also failed to meet the program's environmental outcome standards.
Dispassionately analyzed just on the basis of economics and outcomes, the
government loan should never have been approved. But $1.3 billion in loan
guarantees were approved. Why? According economist Alex Tabarrok at George Mason
University, because the hundreds of turbines to be used would be manufactured in
South Carolina and Florida, critically important states in presidential
politics. Since the project was "double dipping" from other government
incentives and would have proceeded without other government help, Shepherds
Flat will not turn into a bankruptcy scandal. Instead it will make a lot of
money for its highly leveraged investors from taxpayer dollars that were
misallocated for political reasons. When customers choose winners and losers in
the marketplace, capital is allocated efficiently. When government chooses
winners and losers, capital is allocated politically. It's time to let customers
call the shots.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              326 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Remembering King

BYLINE: Viewpoint: Washington Post:

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 518  words


Last fall, The Post reported that an American history textbook used in Virginia
schools contained the untrue statement that thousands of black soldiers had
fought for the Confederacy during the Civil War. A panel of historians then
reviewed the book and found in it dozens of errors on a variety of subjects. It
was a disturbing development that caused quite an uproar, but it was also
something that could be easily enough dealt with.

Not so with a far more disturbing and tragic distortion that characterized the
teaching of American history for a century or more in much of the nation. It
involved the malign portrayal of African Americans, newly freed from slavery and
setting out for the first time to exercise their rights as citizens of a country
where many of them had lived for generations. This was a short-lived period of
freedom and political power, soon ended by Southern whites, with Northern whites
acquiescence, through violence, intimidation and economic coercion. And when it
was over, the depiction of that period in history came to be one of widespread
venality, incompetence and worse on the part of black legislators, governors and
local officials. This version of Reconstruction became standard fare in history
texts and was popularized in widely seen films such as Birth of a Nation and
(less viciously) Gone With the Wind.

The history of black Americans since Emancipation is being revisited by a
generation of historians who have found in it a touching and tragic story of
aspirations and efforts for education, justice and equality, most of them
crushed by overwhelming force and political power. But the most important figure
in this reconsideration was not a historian; it was a preacher, the Rev. Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr.

King, whose birthday is celebrated this week, came to prominence in the mid-20th
century as the foremost figure in what became a new Reconstruction. Part of it
was a national drama that included working people boycotting the buses in
Montgomery, Ala., because a dignified and determined woman named Rosa Parks had
been arrested for refusing to give up her seat to a white passenger. Then there
were the efforts, in different places and by different people, to take a seat at
a lunch counter, ride an interstate bus, stay in a motel, register to vote. By
the time of Kings death, little more than a dozen years after the bus boycott,
the federal government had legislated open accommodations and protection for the
voting rights of all Americans. Racial prejudice, openly expressed, was
gradually becoming unacceptable in this country.

As Martin Luther King and many others well knew, history in the hands of ones
enemies can cripple and destroy. It can be a huge impediment to progress. In
leading a movement that itself made history, that presented the United States
with a modern-day morality tale it could not ignore, King helped topple that
barrier, to shed light on a dark past and to bring new hope for the future. The
preacher had powerful uses for a biblical maxim he had no doubt uttered from the
pulpit many times - that the truth shall make you free.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 3, 2008 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Pure black gold;
``There Will Be Blood'' is an operatic take on personal ambition in an
adolescent nation.

BYLINE: Colin Covert, Staff Writer

SECTION: VITA.MN; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 621 words


"There Will Be Blood" is an epic about that most American trait, ambition. We
see it in the determination of Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) to wrest a
fortune out of California's bedrock, and in the resolve of writer/director Paul
Thomas Anderson to make the prospector's story a classic in the mold of "Citizen
Kane," "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" and "Greed." Each attains his goal,
and each goes a bit mad in the end.

The story opens in a landscape as bleak and primordial as the dawn of time.
Against a dissonant, modernist orchestral score by Radiohead guitarist Johnny
Greenwood, Anderson shows us a panorama of raw, unforgiving hills. At the bottom
of a vertical shaft, Plainview hacks at the earth, looking for a glint of
silver. For 15 minutes we watch him labor in wordless solitude, defining himself
as a figure of elemental willpower almost impervious to pain.

When he finally speaks, we see that he's almost as insensitive to the pain of
others. In his new vocation as a successful oilman, his craft is to swindle
landowners out of their mineral rights. The obsessively guarded Plainview charms
his marks with his promises of fair dealing and family values. But the
fresh-faced boy he introduces as "H.W., my son and partner," is the orphan of a
man killed in one of Plainview's mines; he took the infant under his wing
largely as a public relations prop. Misdirection is his stock in trade. He
rarely speaks to communicate, but to get something from someone else, and
usually he succeeds. His smile is pure venality.

When he learns of a failing farm where the soil weeps black crude, he
impersonates a quail hunter and sets about cheating the trusting, pious
landowner. But the man's son Eli (Paul Dano), a charismatic young evangelist who
has some idea what the land is worth, opposes Plainview. They lock horns in a
dinner-table conversation that crackles with unspoken mutual contempt. They
enter into a taunting, bitter clash of wills that magnifies each man's flaws -
Eli is as much a fraud as Plainview is - and drives the story to its shocking,
unexpected conclusion.

"There Will Be Blood" is a work of stunning intelligence and dramatic sweep, a
portrait of a young nation struggling to find itself, torn between religious and
business values. (Upton Sinclair, the socialist writer whose 1927 novel "Oil!"
inspired the film, included progressive labor as a factor in the struggle;
Anderson, mindful of the spirit of our present era, has left it out.)

The film's re-creation of California in the early 20th century is wonderfully
evocative, with rough-hewn drilling camps and ugly, ludicrous, extravagant manor
houses. It's never nostalgic; it deliberately keeps the audience at arm's
length, without clearly drawn heroes or villains. Plainview is silhouetted
against a diabolical jet of flaming oil, and Eli is framed against a
cross-shaped window that lets sunlight into his chapel, but neither is simply
good nor evil.

Day-Lewis gives a performance intense enough to fuse your ganglia, and Dano
makes Eli's convulsive religious fervor every bit as menacing.

Day-Lewis' performance is nothing less than breathtaking, and Anderson's austere
direction conjures high tension out of sheer atmosphere. The film's finale, a
kind of metaphorical "High Noon" showdown, takes place not on a tumbleweed
street, but in a mansion's bowling alley. It's an almost intolerably painful
sequence and it strikes with such hurricane force that it took some reflection
to see how it fit the story's master scheme.

The savage scene is the cathartic release that the film has been relentlessly
working toward for three hours. It's a gusher of pure black gold.

THERE WILL BE BLOOD

Four out of four stars

Rating: R.

Where: Uptown.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 25, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Stephen Hunter Recommends As ...

SECTION: Sunday Arts; N03

LENGTH: 460 words


As the Democratic and Republican political conventions gear up, a few noteworthy
films about electoral campaigning:

The Best Man (102 minutes, 1964) hails  from a forgotten era in American
culture. When conventions mattered? No. When television didn't rule? No. It's
from another golden age: when Gore Vidal wasn't an artless blowhard. The film
version of his play about the realpolitik of real politics, set at a national
convention, is brisk, acerbic, funny and brilliantly acted. Cliff Robertson and
Henry Fonda are the contending wannabe candidates, one (Robertson) a dangerous
pretend populist, the other an august idealist with some fidelity problems and a
high-strung disposition -- while party boss Lee Tracy tries to keep the thing
from teetering into chaos and, worse, defeat. Journeyman Franklin J. Schaffner
directed, and you'll never forget it was a play, but still it's great fun.

Primary Colors (143 minutes, 1998, R) presumes that you are not sick of Bill
Clinton and want him to move back to Hot Springs and go to work running the
grill for Bubba's Bar-B-Que on the lower end of Central. But if that's not you,
you will find the movie highly amusing. Derived from Joe Klein's book of the
same title, originally credited to Anonymous, it's cleverly directed by Mike
Nichols with a script by Elaine May, his former comedy partner. John Travolta
plays Gov. Jack Stanton, with his limitless talent, his brilliant mind, his
charm, his charisma and his venality, lust and mendaciousness rendered in
blazing primary color. It follows the governor through the presidential
primaries and into the big fight itself, and pretty much sells you on its vision
of politics as a completely practical craft, where idealism always comes in
second.

The Last Hurrah (121 minutes, 1958) proves that all politics is global, even
mayoral races. How universal a theme is this: A politico of great accomplishment
has lost touch and passion but somehow musters the energy to try to cling to the
job (mayor of Boston) through one last election. The cast is great: Spencer
Tracy is Frank Skeffington, supposedly based on Mayor James Michael Curley of
that great city, and Jeffrey Hunter plays his cousin and media adviser. Others
are Pat O'Brien, Basil Rathbone, Donald Crisp and James Gleason. The director is
greater: John Ford, at the end of his career. You'd think an old Irish genius
could make a great last hurrah of a movie about a great old Irish genius's last
hurrah of a political campaign, but sadly, the magic is missing. Still, it's an
abiding pleasure to watch Ford working with all those old pros and also getting
the best work anybody ever got out of Jeff Hunter. Far from great, but then
that's the sadness of last hurrahs -- they're hardly ever great.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              329 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 14, 2000, Friday

Top cast, Scorsese's cinematic fireworks can't revive 'Bringing Out the Dead'

BYLINE: By Ross Wallace Staff reporter

LENGTH: 817 words



Long before Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris and an army of imitators turned the
disaffected and homicidal Vietnam vet into a Hollywood cliche, there was Travis
Bickle, hero of the now classic 1976 film "Taxi Driver."

In what is arguably his signature role, Robert DeNiro created a character whose
very repugnance makes him irresistible to watch. Plagued by insomnia and
alienation, Travis is a Manhattan cabbie who spends his nights trolling the
streets of a city he regards as a modern-day Gomorrah, and his days popping
pills and looking for blonde-haired damsels to save.

When the sin and venality finally become too much to bear, Travis finds
redemption in what his psychotic mind (and, not entirely surprisingly, the New
York media) tells him is a selfless act of heroism.

What should have turned moviegoers against Travis - his hypocritical
self-righteousness, his narcissism, his savagery, his outright insanity - was in
fact what attracted, and continues to attract, audiences and what elevated
director Martin Scorsese's third major feature to the level of cult film.

Which leads us to Scorsese's latest movie, which despite many obvious
similarities with "Taxi Driver," not the least of which is the fact both were
written for the screen by Paul Schrader, is a decidedly inferior work.

"Bringing Out the Dead," based on the 1998 novel by Joe Connelly, portrays two
days and three nights in the life of burnt-out paramedic Frank Pierce, an
insomniac who, like Travis Bickle, has spent too many midnights at the wheel and
seen too much of New York's dank underbelly. Pierce, as played by Nicolas Cage,
and looking a little like the reincarnation of Ben, his "Leaving Las Vegas"
character, is seemingly on the brink of spiritual collapse.

Over a lost weekend he's haunted by the ghost of a teenager he failed to save
and plagued with an unholy trinity of partners - Larry (John Goodman), who's
less concerned with saving lives than finding the right fast food for dinner;
Marcus (Ving Rhames), who uses his ambulance as a pulpit from which to dispense
his own unique brand of Christianity; and Tom (Tom Sizemore), a sociopath who
isn't above arming himself with a bat and launching a make-work project when
patients are at a premium.

Like Travis, who embarks on an orgy of violence in a bid to "save" a
prepubescent hooker, Frank also takes a somewhat unhealthy interest in a
"fallen" woman, in this case the drug-addicted daughter (Patricia Arquette) of a
resilient heart attack victim. After being literally raised from the dead, the
father of the aptly named Mary (like most Scorsese films, this one is drenched
in religious symbolism) spends the bulk of the film clinging to life thanks to
Frank's priest-like devotion and almost hourly jolts with a defibrillator.

"Bringing Out the Dead" features countless other thematic and visual echoes of
"Taxi Driver," a fact which both Scorsese and Schrader acknowledge. But unlike
its predecessor it focuses on a character who, despite appearances, is
unapologetically upright and normal.

Whereas a single glance at Travis Bickle convinces the viewer his salvation can
only come at the business end of a gun, when everyman Frank says at one point
that all he needs to cure his ennui is a slow night followed by a couple of days
off, the audience has no trouble believing him.

Failing to live up to a confirmed classic would be less of a sin were it not for
the fact that the central question of the film is what it will take to restore
Frank's equilibrium. The problem is there's neither sufficient tension built
into that question to carry the narrative, nor enough of a surprise in the
answer to leave the viewer with any great sense of satisfaction or relief.

In the absence of these elements, what we're left with is a lukewarm romance
between real-life couple Cage and Arquette and a series of mildly diverting
episodes worthy of "Rescue: 911" - Frank and Larry escort a pungent-smelling
tramp to the hospital for treatment, Marcus amusingly sells an overdose victim's
return to consciousness as an "honest-to-God" miracle, Tom convinces a derelict
that he's part of a revolutionary medical study, Frank nearly plunges off a
rooftop while comforting a drug dealer who has got himself impaled on an iron
fence... and so on.

Granted, Scorsese has assembled both a first-rate cast - newcomer Marc Anthony
is particularly impressive as a dreadlocked and demented street person - and his
usual talented ensemble of collaborators - most notably editor Thelma
Schoonmaker and cinematographer Robert Richardson. But the all-too-brief
appearances by most of the supporting cast and the almost gratuitous number of
cinematic flourishes only further underscore the weaknesses in the script.
Ultimately, the patient in most urgent need of reviving in this movie is the
comatose storyline.

Opens tomorrow, see sidebar for locations.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 The Korea Herald


                              330 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                      July 26, 2005 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Festival fails to solve 'Merchant,' Shakespeare's problem play

BYLINE: By Desmond Ryan; Inquirer Theater Critic

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; BRIEF; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 719 words


In the Shakespeare canon, there are works that, for differing reasons, are
designated as problem plays. And then, of course, there is The Merchant of
Venice,which these days ranks as theproblem play.

In a period when bombs are detonated in the name of religious extremism, a plea
for can't-we-all-get-along compassion may seem timely. But this one comes on a
bilious stream of anti-Semitism poured on Shylock, making the familiar
difficulties of staging The Merchant of Venicefor a contemporary audience
especially intractable.

The production directed by Robert Moss, which closes the Pennsylvania
Shakespeare Festival's summer, takes the risk of staging the action in a modern
setting. The play opens with traders looking up at flickering monitors that
track the state of the market.

Shakespeare can flourish in any time and space, but directors who update the
setting of The Merchant of Venicein an understandable wish to heighten its
immediacy and relevance take the risk of increasing the revulsion aroused by
some of its scenes.

With that in mind, the best approach - and the one used in the recent film
version that starred Al Pacino as Shylock - is to stress the venality of Venice
and epidemic hypocrisy of its Christians. When the play is treated as an
exposure of the consequences of confusing money with morality and price with
value, the result has the profoundly disturbing impact Shakespeare intended.

Bassanio (Anthony Marble) claims to love Portia, but the very first thing he
says of her to his friend Antonio (Allen Fitzpatrick) is that she is "richly
left" - meaning she is a very wealthy heiress. Marble takes the line with the
right emphasis, but the self-serving greed that drives so many of the characters
gets lost in the loud vituperation that dominates the festival's production.

This Merchantintroduces Shylock (Ken Jennings) on a note of reasonable promise.
Jennings is a short, stocky figure, and his Christian enemies tower over him. He
takes the traditional approach of fashioning a bitter figure whose hardness
stems from his position as an outsider in a world that reviles him.

But as the play progresses and the demands for subtlety and ambiguity in Shylock
escalate, Jennings resorts to broad strokes and bluster. Pacino can on occasion
be a world-class scenery-chewer, but even a few moments of his Shylock show the
depth and range that are missing here.

Jennings' performance is framed by a journeyman ensemble that is too often
content to let glorious language serve as merely functional plot advancement
rather than a boundless opportunity to reveal character.

The saving exception is Lauren Lovett's exemplary reading of Portia, the heiress
pursued by many suitors and a woman who rightly chafes at having her choice
governed by the bizarre terms of her father's will.

Lovett's Portia is amusing in her treatment of the parade of hopefuls and
passionate, resourceful and strong-willed when Bassanio comes along. She gives
the production energy and wit and lends the right touch of irony to the play's
signature speech on the quality of mercy.

Fitzpatrick's Antonio, who will lose a pound of his flesh if he cannot pay back
Shylock's loan, cuts a figure of malicious disdain for Jews but does little to
project the generous nobility and love for his friends that are supposed to
redeem his malice. Marble's Bassanio veers unpersuasively between cynic and
smitten lover.

The always-challenging coda that follows the climactic trial and involves the
comedy of lost rings that were given as tokens of love is particularly
ineffectual. It caps an evening that already has its own hollow ring.

The Merchant of Venice

Written by William Shakespeare, directed by Robert Moss, settings by Steve
TenEyck, costumes by Kirche Leigh Zeile, lighting by Robert A. Mond, sound by
Matthew Given. Presented by Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival.

The cast:Ken Jennings (Shylock), Lauren Lovett (Portia), Allen Fitzpatrick
(Antonio), Anthony Marble (Bassanio), Miriam Hyman (Nerissa), Caitlin Kinsella
(Jessica), others.

Playing at:Labuda Theatre, DeSales University, Center Valley, Pa. through Aug.
7. Tickets are $30. Information: 610-282-9455 or www.pashakespeare.org

Contact theater critic Desmond Ryan at 215-854-5614 or dryan@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday
                               Townsville Edition

read 2nite book reviews

BYLINE: Stephen Marsland, Keith Moor, Blanche Clark

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 439  words


THE MUSEUM OF EXTRAORDINARY THINGS Coralie Sardie spends summer as a mermaid,
submerged in a glass tank in her father's creepy museum on Coney Island,
surrounded by freaks.

In the early days of the 20th century, this passed as a living. For escape, she
swims in the freezing Hudson River, often reaching the unpopulated northern
wilderness of Manhattan.

Beaching one day she sees a figure in the scrub, Eddie Cohen. A lapsed Orthodox
Jew, he makes his meagre living as a freelance photographer. This brings him
into contact with New York's many tragedies, notably the Triangle Shirtwaist
Factory fire, when scores of seamstresses were burned alive in the locked
building. Coralie and Eddie's lives become entangled as the author peels away
the city's grimy layers of venality, carnality, sadism and sexual slavery. In
this metropolis, populated by rogues of all castes and classes, Hoffman has
crafted a fabulous tale of innocent desire and, occasionally, redemption,
offering the best of many genres: crime, thriller, history and romance.

â--Alice Hoffman, Simon&Schuster, $30

MURDER IN SUBURBIA Devotees of the true-crime genre will want to add Melbourne
journalist Emily Webb's book to their collection. Each of the 28 chapters is
devoted to a different suburban murder, some of them well-known and others less
familiar. Webb interviewed relatives of murder victims and detectives involved
in investigating the solved and unsolved murders. She takes you inside the head
of Burwood triple murderer Ashley Coulston and delves into the continuing
mystery of who murdered Boronia mother Nanette Mae Ellis in 1984. The
controversial "sleepwalking defence" - used in different cases around the world
- is dissected in the chapter dealing with the 1950 murder of Patricia Cogdon in
Carnegie. Patricia, 19, was asleep when her mother Ivy Cogdon entered her room
and attacked her with an axe. Mrs Cogdon later entered a not-guilty plea at her
murder trial, claiming she was sleepwalking when she wielded the axe. The book
reveals what the jury thought of that argument.

â--Emily Webb, Five Mile Press, $29.95

THAILAND: THE COOKBOOK This is a cookbook for those who value book design and
cultural insight as much as cooking. The chance of your kids tucking into
stuffed mangrove trumpet tree flowers might seem remote, but these recipes are
the real deal and you'll learn how to make everything from scratch. Gabriel
spent three years in Thailand researching and collecting recipes from different
regions. Clear instructions and remarkably quick preparation times make it
accessible. This one is truly a keepsake.â--Jean-Pierre Gabriel, Phaidon, $59.95

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          December 14, 2005 Wednesday

Hollywood? I prefer Manitouwadge

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; TELEVISION; Pg. R3

LENGTH: 814 words


Today, we go to sunny California, specifically the wacky, endless wingding of
fun that is La-La land. There, we'll concentrate on one area. Some call it
Hollywood.

It is a cliché of this culture and apparently all others that everybody wants to
go to Hollywood. They want to be a star. Or at the very least, they want to be
rich and powerful and push other people around. They either want their picture
in the paper at a red-carpet thing or they want to go to meetings.

It's rare for anybody in the showbiz racket to tell others to forget about going
to Hollywood. Mind you, there is the occasional blast of bracing common sense.
Last week, while researching the recent work of Canadian comic Ron James, I came
across advice James had given to graduates of Humber College who wondered when
they should go to Los Angeles.

According to one report, James said, "I'll tell you when you go to L.A. When you
can tour the tip of Lake Superior in January, pull into a town like Manitouwadge
on the same day as the Super Bowl, think you're going to get three people in the
room and fill it to the tune of 225. And not remember - because you're so far in
the pocket - what the last 20 minutes of the show was about. All you can
remember is the laughter. That's when you should maybe think about having a
career."

As correct as he was, I doubt if anybody took him seriously.

These days, ironic commentary about the sheer weirdness, vanity and venality of
Hollywood is the norm. Such shows as Fat Actress, Entourage and The Comeback are
all about letting the viewing plebs at home know that for idiotic, childish
behaviour and irrational dumbness, Hollywood is rather close to kindergarten.

Still, it all makes no difference. There are more hopeful fools than the
district of Hollywood could ever accommodate.

Going Hollywood (TLC, 9 p.m.) is the inevitable reality show about a bunch of
wannabe showbiz types being taken to Hollywood and given an opportunity to start
at the bottom. The idea is that the viewer will be captivated by their
aspirations and experiences in the glamorous world they've dreamt about.

There are three victims: Tara Flynn, Ian Campbell and Dario Konjicija. Tara gets
to work for film producer Robert Evans, Ian is an intern at the production
company owned by actor Kevin Spacey and Dario does chores at hip-hop star/actor
Method Man's company. Tara is just star-struck. Ian is married with kids but
willing to abandon them for six weeks to get experience in the movie racket.
Dario is an aspiring stand-up comic with a truly terrible line of onstage jokes.

Going Hollywood is, in fact, a cautionary tale, though I'm not sure it is meant
to be. The three victims are rather too ordinary. Unlike most of these reality
series about ordinary people being given a big break, there is nobody here who
is truly captivating or loathsome. They're all out-of-their-depth nitwits. They
all have more naiveté than drive.

They end up making coffee, arranging cabs and limos, getting tickets for shows
and doing other menial chores. Generally, they're terrible at it.

Tara is so in awe of Evans that she gushes uncontrollably. She says, "I've been
thinking all day of the perfect word for him and it is 'fabulous.' " When Ian
gets to talk to  Spacey on the phone, Spacey says, "Shut up, listen and learn."
So Ian writes that down, not realizing that it's from the movie Swimming with
Sharks, in which Spacey plays a showbiz type who terrorizes an assistant. Dario
is beyond clueless.

Watch Going Hollywood and you cringe at the ineptitude of the victims and the
pettiness of their real bosses - the assistants to the stars who know that
success starts with being a really good weasel. It all makes a tour of the tip
of Lake Superior in January look inviting.

In yesterday's Golden Globe announcement, the movie nominations got all the
attention, but the Globes do have numerous television categories. In many ways,
the Globes are a more accurate reflection of excellence than the Emmy Awards.

For best drama series, the nominees are Commander in Chief, Grey's Anatomy, Lost
, Prison Break and Rome. For best actress in a drama, there are several smart
choices - Glenn Close for The Shield, Geena Davis for Commander in Chief, Kyra
Sedgwick for The Closer and Polly Walker for Rome.

However, it is in the TV movie/miniseries categories that genuine originality
and excellence are acknowledged. Among the nominees for best miniseries or
movie, you'll find BBC's outrageously original drama-musical Viva Blackpool.
Then, among the acting nominees, you'll find both Kelly MacDonald and Bill Nighy
for the superb HBO movie The Girl in the Cafe. There is considerable skepticism
about the Golden Globes and the tiny organization that rules the event. Maybe,
in the case of TV nominations, they subcontract the work to somebody with half a
brain. You never know. That's Hollywood.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 6, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE POPE'S VISIT: MEDIA WATCH;
Simple Message Captivates Hard-Nosed Journalists

BYLINE: By JOHN TIERNEY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 7;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 820 words


The papal visit has been a disorienting spectacle, and not only because so much
media attention is suddenly being devoted to someone without a strong opinion on
O. J. Simpson. Even more miraculous has been the Pope's conversion of New York's
journalists.

The national impact of Pope John Paul II's visit has been diluted by competing
stories, since Hurricane Opal and the continuing Simpson story have pushed the
papal visit from the top of the network newscasts. But in New York he has been
an overwhelming presence on television screens and in newspapers. No detail is
too small, from the changing color of security stickers to the exact definition
of an antiphon.

Watching the city's notoriously brutal press corps the last two days has been a
little like seeing Nicely-Nicely and his fellow thugs sing hymns at the mission
in Times Square. In fact, during yesterday's coverage on Channel 2, it was
revealed that journalists in the WCBS-TV newsroom had been singing "Let There Be
Peace on Earth" along with a children's choir at the United Nations.

Organ music and stained-glass windows have replaced sirens and crime scenes as
the promotional motifs for local news. Journalists who discern unending venality
in public figures have nothing but praise for the "wonderful, wonderful"
qualities of "the most charismatic man on the planet." They have marveled at his
"pretty extraordinary" command of English, which probably puzzles some viewers,
and explained that he is "an extremely religious man," which probably does not.

Other leaders are accused of politicking when they nificant revelations of his
character. "He loves children," explained Roz Abrams, the WABC-TV anchor, "and
he certainly also realizes that they are the future of the church tomorrow."
This insight was reverently noted on just about every other station, too.

In some ways it was a refreshing change of pace. Instead of poking microphones
in the face of a murder victim's relative, correspondents were interviewing
Roman Catholics about love and describing their own tears as the Popemobile went
by. Instead of rounding up the city's problems at 6 P.M. yesterday, news anchors
were doing hushed play-by-play of the Alleluia at Giants Stadium and reporting,
"So far the entire Mass is really going along just as scheduled."

As the Mass demonstrated, Catholic rituals are beautifully suited to the
television age. The Pope's speeches have seemed less riveting on the screen,
although the press corps has been captivated.

Ordinary political leaders must take controversial positions to make news, but
the Pope has dominated newscasts and front-page headlines by coming out for
peace, love and ideals. To viewers accustomed to short news segments featuring
pointed sound bites from angry politicians, the coverage of the Pope's speeches
has seemed anomalous since his remarks upon arriving at Newark International
Airport on Wednesday.

The airport speech did not qualify as thrilling television by conventional
standards. The Pope, appearing tired from his journey, rarely looked up as he
read the text somewhat mechanically. He admonished America to "be an example of
justice and civic virtues, freedom fulfilled in goodness, at home and abroad."
He seemed to allude to current controversies about immigration and welfare
reform by calling for "openness" to foreigners and "creative generosity for the
poor," but his sentiments seemed broad enough to fit almost any political
ideology.

As soon as he finished, though, television commentators were hailing his "moving
words" and "impassioned plea for peace." The next day's newspapers and morning
newscasts offered further interpretations.

"He gave an extraordinary speech," said Charles Gibson on ABC-TV's "Good Morning
America. "He was very specific in the political message that he was delivering
to this country. First of all, not to forgo help to the poor, not to close the
borders, also to take a very meaningful role in international relations. That
was the strongest acknowledgment of this country's position in the world that
I've ever heard him make."

Such intricacies may have been lost on viewers, but television has excelled at
conveying the passion of the faithful. While the Pope himself often appeared
feeble and sternly remote -- quite unlike the warm, vibrant character described
by the commentators -- there was no mistaking the joy he aroused in people
reaching out to touch him.

To anyone wondering what the excitement was all about, perhaps the best
explanation came not from the newly pious journalists but from Steven McDonald,
the police officer rendered paralyzed from the neck down by a gunman's bullet.

"He makes it all come alive for us," Mr. McDonald said in an interview on
WCBS-TV. "There's so many questions I have, where I came from, where I'm going,
why we live the lives that we live. He gives us the answers. He makes sense out
of it all."

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              334 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

The one simple thing Hillary could do (but won't)

BYLINE: Arun Gupta

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 101

LENGTH: 1187  words


Panic is seeping into Hillary Clinton's presidential bid. Her recent lead of
more than 10 points over Donald Trump has withered to 1.5 percent. There are
many reasons why she could lose.

Trump is simply a better politician. His adroit use of media enables him to
define the terms of the debate. Given her 25 years in the public eye, Clinton's
sky-high negatives are more difficult to shift than Trump's. Voters trust Trump
more on the economy and to bring change Washington.

Demographics may favor Democrats as the population grows browner and most voters
are women, but white working-class Democrats are streaming over to Trump in
must-win states like Pennsylvania. While Clinton will rise in the polls once the
party consolidates behind her, the anger on the left toward the Democratic Party
is spurring many Sanders supporters to vow they will sit out the election, vote
for a third-party candidate, or even cast a ballot for Trump.

Nonetheless, Trump's paths to victory are narrow. Most elites are lined up
against him. The corporate media, intelligentsia, Hollywood, Silicon Valley, and
Wall Street will hammer Trump relentlessly as he threatens the American-led
project of globalization, which includes the liberal multiculturalism he trashes
with glee.

Obama will deploy his status as the most popular national politician to boost
Clinton. By the time the media finish defining Trump as the second coming of
Hitler, Sanders backers will vote for Clinton overwhelmingly, even if
reluctantly. And the narrative of a Trump victory is driven more by the media's
desire for click bait than a realistic assessment of his chances.

But one mountainous obstacle remains for Clinton. Even as she's found her
footing in attacking Trump, lacerating him as a unique danger to humanity a la
Barry Goldwater, Clinton struggles to provide an affirmative reason why she
should be in the White House.

Clinton can paint Trump as a hypothetical threat but her history shows she is a
proven threat. Once her unabashed venality, ambition, and pandering is filtered
out, what remains is Clinton's lust for war and Wall Street without limits. So
it's not entirely accurate, as Jon Stewart observes, that Clinton lacks the
courage of her convictions, but she won't be elected president with a slogan of
more wars and more bank bailouts.

Clinton's strategy is to find the right message, the right tone, and overwhelm
Trump on the ground. While Trump smashed GOP records with 13 million votes in
the primary, that is just 20 percent of what Obama garnered in his 2012
re-election.

And Trump is sowing the seeds of his defeat given his chaotic management style,
a staff just one-tenth the size of Clinton's, abandonment of the crucial
get-out-the-vote effort to the Republican National Committee, and plans to rely
on his ego to turn out voters.

This election comes down to Trump's vulgar will to power versus Clinton's brute
force neoliberalism.

But Clinton could steer a course that would enable her to drub Trump and swing
Congress back into the Democratic column. Rather than obsess over the mechanics
and messaging of campaigning, Clinton could make opposition to new free-trade
deals and renegotiating existing ones like NAFTA a signature campaign pledge.

By doing so, Clinton could steal Trump's thunder. While liberals imagine Trump
supporters have crawled out of a swamp of 'racial and cultural resentments',
they are also deeply motivated by economic grievances.

Since 1997, free-trade deals have cost most of the 5 million manufacturing jobs
lost in the United States and reduced annual wages by some US$1,800 for
non-college educated workers. Given Trump's tendency to reverse positions
mid-thought, there's little risk for Clinton to flip-flop, as she already has on
nearly every position. She already switched last fall to opposing the
Trans-Pacific Partnership after calling it the gold standard.

But Clinton only meekly disagrees with the TPP, saying, I don't have the text,
we don't yet have all the details, I don't believe it's going to meet the high
bar I have set. While she ticks off every issue imaginable to bolster the
economy, including clean energy, early childhood learning, and medical research,
she's utterly silent about disastrous free-trade deals like NAFTA.

It's a replay of Bill Clinton's 1996 reelection: tout micro-policies that sound
good but do little to help workers, while taking pains not to loosen Wall
Street's iron-fisted control of the economy. By not forcefully rejecting free
trade, Clinton refuses to acknowledge how it's wrecked working-class status and
aspirations.

It's not like Wall Street has a choice this election. Even if Trump managed to
suppress his mercurial and authoritarian tendencies, his pledges to impose
tariffs, commence trade wars, and deport 11 million immigrants would wreak
economic and social havoc.

Between Trump and Sanders, most Americans have voted for redistributive policies
this election. The only difference is Trump supporters blame immigrants for
their woes as much, if not more, as they blame Wall Street and politicians.
Plus, Trump's caustic assault means Clinton will eventually be forced to
denounce free-trade deals. (NAFTA is the one issue Trump is consistent about,
having publicly opposed it since at least 1993.)

If Clinton leaped ahead of the curve, making opposition to free trade a keystone
position and buttressing it with a trillion-dollar clean-energy jobs program,
she could consolidate Sanders supporters and working-class Democrats behind her,
dashing Trump's chances.

As much as this makes sense for Clinton, even from a realpolitik perspective,
it's unlikely to happen. Obama confronted the same choice in 2009. He had a
mandate and congressional super-majority to push for a New, New Deal, a huge
public works and benefits program that would begin to reverse decades of income
inequality.

Instead, his administration spent its political capital on restoring the profits
and power of investment banks and choosing tepid measures for everyone else such
as rationalizing health care, rather than expanding it, and enacting a stimulus
that failed to revive the economy. If millions of Americans currently had an
Obamajob and full health care, it would have created widespread support among
workers for the Democrats as a party that can deliver the goods.

Despite a clear path to victory, Clinton will take the more perilous road of
neoliberalism. That is the thinking behind the Democrats' claimthat for every
one of those blue-collar Democrats [Trump] picks up, he will lose to Hillary two
socially moderate Republicans and independents.

Playing to the right is evidence of how the Democratic Party has become a more
committed and competent manager of capitalist globalization than the GOP.
Clinton is also a creature of Wall Street going back to the late seventies when
she made a small fortune trading cattle futures with the suspicious help of a
market expert.

Clinton is likely to win, but if she does lose to Trump it's not because white
Americans are unalterably racist. It's because the Democratic Party and the
Clintons are unalterably devoted to Wall Street.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                                 July 11, 2012

TV cash provides safety net for sports

BYLINE: BRIAN LOWRY

SECTION: COLUMN; TV; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 753  words


The parallels between sports and entertainment have always been striking, since
both showbiz execs and coaches manage highly compensated talent - the best of
which get paid millions living out what for many is a dream come true - in
high-stakes careers that can be perilously brief depending on how the ball
bounces.

Increasingly, though, differences between the two fields are becoming as
noteworthy as the similarities, in part because TV is so desperate for the
zap-proof content of marquee events, providing team owners an enormous cushion -
in the form of bountiful TV rights fees - to overcome all manner of venality,
stupidity and bad publicity.

Simply put, while entertainment is more of a high-wire act than ever - with less
margin for error and practically no floor for failure, potentially yielding
bigger bombs - major sports are enjoying a scenario in which they're
hard-pressed not to succeed, thanks primarily to piles of cash they're receiving
from networks. For all the sports world's conspicuous missteps, a surge in TV
money has become its padded safety net.

All this comes into focus as context for this week's Variety Sports
Entertainment Summit, bringing together luminaries from both spheres to
contemplate the overlapping issues facing them.

Even casual sports fans surely must have noticed that the games have often taken
a backseat lately to the spread and rap sheets surrounding them. The woeful
roster of negative press includes steroid use in Major League Baseball and the
soap opera surrounding ownership of the Los Angeles Dodgers; labor strife in pro
football and basketball, truncating the latter's regular season; questions about
football's debilitating health effects on players - and a "bounty program"
intended to inflict injury; and college football's protracted attempts to
introduce a playoff system amid griping about the arbitrary nature of the Bowl
Championship Series, along with the hypocrisy of "amateurism" and Penn State's
distasteful look-the-other-way role in assistant coach Jerry Sandusky's child
sex-abuse scandal.

Yet despite such depressing headlines, the scorecard in terms of money and
ratings has never appeared more robust: a huge bidding war for the Dodgers,
fueled by the billions a dedicated regional TV channel will deliver; the highest
ratings for the NBA Finals in eight years, eradicating talk about the lockout's
effects; a huge anticipated windfall from college football's playoff; and eager
bidding expected for Major League Baseball, thanks in part to NBC's perceived
hunger to establish itself as an alternative to ESPN, having already
considerably fattened the National Hockey League's TV coffers.

TV has demonstrated time and again that it needs sports programming desperately.
Such live telecasts are among the few programs practically immune to the
ad-zapping threatening the traditional model - people don't skip the Super Bowl
and think, Ah, I'll Netflix it later - but ratings have largely defied the
fragmentation-fueled gravity dragging down virtually everything else.

These forces have also set up a rigged game, where it frequently seems sports
can't lose for winning thanks to a fanbase that, whatever its grumbling, keeps
crawling back for more after serial disappointments and misguided decisions.

Even the NFL - a commodity whose media power dwarfs that of all other sports -
has recently exhibited a surprising level of foolishness, if one can believe a
Wall Street Journal article about the league's concerns regarding declining
attendance and how it proposes to address them. Given the ubiquity of televised
games as the league greedily adds TV packages, the quality of HD viewing and an
economic downturn pricing out many average fans from affording tickets, adding
in-stadium Wi-Fi hardly qualifies as a serious means of tackling the issue and,
frankly, the losses at turnstiles are almost surely offset by soaring TV
revenue.

Sports' good fortune may not last forever, just as TV's needs could evolve -
especially if cable/satellite bundling starts to give way to a more a la carte
approach.

For now, though, the relationship between networks and leagues has never felt so
one-sided, with one side holding most of the cards.

The owners may relish the outcome - who wouldn't want to play with a stacked
deck? - but by the time the game changes and leagues need to really get smart
and creative about their businesses, they'd better hope they haven't forgotten
how.

Want to comment or suggest a column topic? Email brian.lowry@variety.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 15, 2000 Friday

Good riddance, Juan;
The Sydney Olympics opening today will the last Games;
under the current IOC president - a very good thing,;
says British policy analyst SUNDER KATWALA

BYLINE: SUNDER KATWALA

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 968 words


'The man who saved the Olympic Games." That is how Juan Antonio Samaranch would
like us to remember him. The International Olympic Committee president wants his
Sydney gala to show that he has left the Olympics much stronger than he found
them when he took office in 1980. He inherited a penniless organization. The
hypocrisies of "shamateurism," bankrupt host cities and tit-for-tat boycott
politics all threatened to extinguish the Olympic flame. Today sport is bigger
than ever - but endless headlines on doping, corruption and nepotism show how
the Samaranch revolution has, in fact, made sport more vulnerable.

These scandals are not individual examples of human venality - they amount to a
crisis of governance. In this age of accountability, sport is the last bastion
of unaccountable power. While the World Trade Organization, European Union,
Shell Oil and even the Russian military are learning that they need to respond
to public and media pressures, sporting bodies regard any form of outside
"interference" as illegitimate. The IOC thinks that, because it owns the
Olympics, the rest of the world should mind its own business. Unless sport opens
up and stops running the global games as a private club, it will remain mired in
scandal.

Reform should start with term-limits at the top. There have only been seven IOC
presidents since 1896 - compared to 18 U.S. presidents. Mr. Samaranch's
successor should serve no more than eight years, not 20. And this sport
corporation headquartered in Lausanne can't remain hidden behind the secrecy of
Swiss company law.

No one thinks we have the full story on corruption yet. A credible independent
inquiry should be undertaken to talk to all of those involved in previous
Olympic bids, offering amnesties for full disclosure. Because few people trust
Mr. Samaranch, the few reforms he has made have not been taken seriously.
Credibility will only be restored with a powerful cross-sport ethics
investigator. And when corruption is revealed, the sanctions should hurt. Why
has Salt Lake City, whose efforts in acquiring the Games first exposed corrupt
practices, been allowed to keep the 2002 Winter Games?

Instead of paternalism, sport's stakeholders need real involvement in
determining the venue of the Games. The International Federations for each sport
should have votes on Olympic hosting - they, at least, have some interest in the
merits of the bids. Athletes should elect their own representatives to the IOC.
And tournament Web sites should be used to improve communication with fans,
perhaps allowing them to vote on issues such as the names of stadiums or the
scrapping of soccer's golden goal?

Reforming the Olympics may require surprising new alliances. There may be
tensions between fans and sponsors over ticket allocations. But there are shared
interests in clean sport. Fans should exercise their power as consumers - "eat
football, sleep football, drink Coca-Cola" - to persuade sponsors to take a
greater interest in where their money goes: They have the corporate power to
blow the whistle on corruption.

Mr. Samaranch likes to talk about the Olympic Charter and its values of peace
and universalism, but the grand rhetoric does not translate into action. Instead
the moral vacuum - "keep politics out of sport" - provides an open door for
political abuse, from Berlin in 1936 to Moscow in 1980, to showcase oppressive
ideologies. Those governing sport remain traumatized by Cold War boycotts that
turned sport into a political football - they have learned the wrong lessons
from the age of extremes.

Sporting values are human rights: sport depends on fair play, equality and
universalism. Of course, the Olympics can't solve the world's problems - but the
world's major sports have great economic resources and the power to confer
legitimacy. They must take responsibility for the impact they make. Instead of
washing their hands of sporting corruption and saying it is a broader social
problem, sporting bodies should implement mechanisms to protect funds for
sporting development.

Just as the Commonwealth doesn't allow military regimes at its meetings,
sporting bodies should take the symbolic step of not allowing them to host
international sporting festivals; they should make human rights, human
development and clean sport part of the criteria for tournament selection. This
would have made South Africa's case for the 2006 football World Cup
unanswerable. It would also mean no cricket World Cup in Pakistan until
democracy is restored - not just once cricket corruption is tackled.

Sometime soon there will also almost certainly be a Beijing Olympics - but this
should not take place until there is real progress on human rights in China.
That is how sport can strike the right balance between promoting international
engagement and protecting its values - to ensure a Chinese Olympics is a great
sporting festival, not one overshadowed by political controversy.

Mr. Samaranch leaves the biggest headaches to his successors. They will struggle
to follow such charismatic, concentrated power. But business as usual will see
them stuck in the cycle of scandal. Reform is necessary to restore sporting
values and to protect sport's commercial power. But we cannot rely on reform
from within. If sport is to be governed in the public interest, it will require
well-timed interventions from governments, supporters and sponsors. We have had
enough exposés to prove that sport is governed badly - but what has been missing
from the debate is a realistic agenda for reform. Only that can put sport, not
scandal, back on the front pages at last.

Sunder Katwala is research director of The Foreign Policy Centre, an independent
British thinktank (www.fpc.org.uk), and author of Democratising Global Sport,
being published today.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    February 13, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M02; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 2021 words


Kellam Field Vote an Insult


Well, they have done it. The Calvert County Board of Commissioners has relegated
the youth of the Beach area to permanent second-class status by voting to light
up the second-rate Kellam Field ["Calvert Votes to Improve Kellam Field,"
Southern Maryland Extra, Feb. 10]. The "improvements" supported by the majority
of the board do nothing to address the shortage of regulation-size fields or the
parking problems at Kellam Field. The money wasted on this folly insures that no
other improvements will be possible in the foreseeable future.

The action of the board was a purely political act of venality, aimed at the
mayor and the bipartisan Town Council of Chesapeake Beach, and it did not come
cheap. The cost of the board venting its spleen is a cool million dollars--the
board rejected the $ 500,000 offered by the town and then voted to waste $
500,000 of the county's short funds. But this is nothing new for a board that
trips over itself trying to waste precious recreation funds. Look at the cost
overruns that they ignored when they add unneeded facilities to the Dunkirk
Regional Park, which is already overburdened with numerous regulation-size
fields, ample parking and generous lighting.

Caring citizens of the Beach area should be insulted by this cavalier treatment
by the board. The mean-spirited grinches who supported this move should be
ashamed.

MICHAEL BRUCE SCHAUB

Chesapeake Beach


Playing Politics on Field


After many, many years (40 years?), has the current, Republican-controlled
Calvert County Board of Commissioners finally gotten their "revenge" against the
previous, Democrat-controlled CCBOC and Democrat leaders?

Have our kids been the sacrifice to "heal" old wounds and grievances? Did
members of our BOCC "even the score" of past "injustices" at the cost of our
kids' future?

How deep do the party lines go in Calvert County, Maryland? Extremely deep,
apparently. Though I am limited in my voting choices in most primaries, I will
remain a registered Independent for that very reason.

The kids will eventually have a party affiliation. Which party--or will it be
both--will have to answer to them at that time?

CHERYL EMERY

Owings


No Thanks for 'Bone'


It is unfortunate that the current Board of County Commissioners (with the
exception of Mr. Buehler and Mr. Parran) is so shortsighted as to not realize
the gravity of the decision [they] made Tuesday. The option [they chose] to go
forward with does not address any of the concerns which we, as a community, have
expressed.

The lack of investment made Tuesday will cost our county dearly in the very near
future--be it in the cost of field improvements later or the cost of services to
youth that were unable to be reached due to lack of facilities.

It is now time for us, the citizens of Calvert County, to commit to memory the
events of Tuesday, and be sure that we will. Our children deserve more than the
"bone" that has been thrown our way; it should not (and will not) satisfy those
of us who value the children and the future of our community. We will move
forward and continue to speak on behalf of those who have no voice.

TRACIE JONES

Chesapeake Beach


Vote for Schools Candidate


As past president of the Calvert County Board of Education, I will cast my vote
on March 7 for Gail M. Hoerauf-Bennett, who is currently a candidate for school
board membership.

In addition to having known Gail for 15 years, it was my privilege to work with
her during our respective tenures as members of the school board. During her
time as a member of this very important policymaking body, she demonstrated a
genuine commitment to work for high-quality public education that supports the
full development of all children. I observed that she attended all meetings,
came prepared, kept abreast of educational issues and sought out opinions from
staff, students and citizens. Gail always demonstrated integrity, honesty and
fairness in executing her responsibilities.

She received her undergraduate degree from Goucher College and earned a Master
of Social Work from the University of Maryland. Following her move to Calvert
County in 1981 with her husband, Charles Bennett, she focused on the development
and education of her two young daughters while working as a social worker for
Calvert Hospice.

Demonstrating a commitment to serve children, Gail began her volunteer career in
1986. For the next 14 years, she amassed a resume culminating with a four-year
term on the Calvert County Board of Education. Her varied experience includes
serving as president of Appeal Elementary School's PTA and as a member of the
County Council of PTAs. She served as a member of the two redistricting
committees and as a member of the Citizens' Advisory Committee to the Board of
Education. Additionally, she has worked on endless school-based projects,
including the School Improvement Team for Patuxent High School. Her involvement
in her children's schools has never wavered, and in 1999, Gail was honored as
Patuxent High School's Volunteer of the Year.

Her abilities are recognized beyond Calvert County. She was appointed to the
Maryland State Department of Education Professional Development Committee by
State Superintendent of Schools Nancy Grasmick and to the Maryland State
Response Committee to the Prisoners of Time national report. She has also served
as an active member of a Maryland Association of Boards of Education committee.

Gail's success has been built on a very strong work ethic that epitomizes the
personal qualities needed to be a successful school board member, and her
14-year commitment to education clearly exemplifies her passion to assure the
best possible public school experience for all children. Serving as a member of
the Calvert County Board of Education is no passing fancy for Gail
Hoerauf-Bennett. This is what she wants to do.

JoAnn Kushner

Dunkirk


Shelter Animals in Calvert


The Board of Calvert County Commissioners discussed--with no public notice--the
preservation package submitted by the Calvert Animal Welfare League (CAWL) and
said no thanks.

We had requested that we be allowed to make our case for building the Calvert
Animal Shelter and Education Center for Calvert County. We plan, at no expense
to taxpayers, to build the shelter in Prince Frederick. We were requesting a
commitment by the county commissioners to support this shelter by using their
present Tri-County Animal Shelter funding to help operate our CAWL Shelter once
it is up and open. We also asked for their moral support in building the shelter
by helping us get a state grant for our capital campaign from available state
funds. This request was ignored.

CAWL is, to say the least, extremely disappointed by the board's decision to
ignore the need for an animal shelter in our county. It is unfortunate for the
citizens and the companion animals of Calvert County that our tax dollars and
our animals will continue to go to Charles County, but that is the majority vote
of our Board of Calvert County Commissioners.

CAWL is determined now to build a private shelter in Prince Frederick. We
purchased property in 1995 (2.7 acres for $ 130,000) in the town center of
Prince Frederick for this purpose. The site on Stoakley Road near the hospital
is ideal. It is readily accessible and will be convenient for families to visit
for adoption of pets. We will offer a convenient location with evening hours,
humane education, dog obedience classes, a strong adoption program and a
community room.

As any businessperson knows, location is everything. CAWL concluded that the
foremost consideration for a successful animal shelter is its location. As with
any business that depends on public traffic for its success, so, too, does an
animal shelter.

Without the support of the county, we will only be able to take pets that need
to be given up. Stray and feral animals will be the county's responsibility.

There is strong support for a shelter among the citizens that care for and love
animals. If the commissioners have not yet heard from them, they will. CAWL was
formed by unanimous agreement of all the Calvert County humane groups in 1992 to
establish and operate an animal shelter in Calvert County.

Approximately 4,000 Calvert County citizens 18 or older have signed CAWL
petitions supporting an animal shelter here, and they have been submitted to the
commissioners. Letters of support have been received (and forwarded to the
commissioners) from Chesapeake Ranch Estates, the Calvert Lions Club, the Humane
Society of Calvert County, the Chesapeake Kennel Club and the Optimist Club. . .
.

CAWL will build a private shelter and education center. Look for our Capital
Campaign 2000 to start this spring. We are off to a great start in spite of the
commissioners' stand against supporting a shelter in the county. We have the
community's support with in-kind donations for all of the project engineering,
architectural drawings, perc testing, all tax work and all legal work. We have
the commitment from the building community.

We feel that our citizens and our animals will be better served by bringing
these facilities and services, these tax dollars and these jobs home to Calvert
County. If you support this position by CAWL, please write your commissioner and
let him or her know where you stand. Please join in helping build our shelter.
Call 410-535-9300 or visit www.chesapeake.net/cawl for more information.

CAROL CRANE, president

MARY BALDWIN, vice president

and other officers

and board members of CAWL

Prince Frederick


Leave Covenants Alone


If you own property in Chesapeake Ranch Estates, please vote no to any changes
in the current covenants. The value of covenants in a homeowners association is
the fact that they are not easily changed. Covenants that can be changed by less
than 50 percent of all property owners are worthless and ridiculous. No person
of sound mind would want 800 or 600 or 400 people changing, for 4,300 property
owners, the rules by which your property is governed. When the current CRE board
of directors issued the ballot to vote on covenant changes, both pros and cons
should have been included instead of leaving out information on how your real
estate could be affected by unknown future changes.

Think! Do you want whoever is on future boards to be able to alter the part of
your property deed called covenants? Use your imagination. Anything you can
think of is possible, none of which would be to your benefit.

The key word is "could." Covenant changes could: raise your fees to much more
than you or a buyer of your property could afford, or increase taxes to pay for
a mayor and town council. Taxes could be imposed to try to make water run
uphill. A sewer system, at $ 5,000 to $ 7,000 per lot, could be approved.
Covenants could be changed to disallow the renting out of any house, making the
owner the only possible occupant. There are homeowners associations with some
very strict and sometimes very bad covenants.

We have good covenants. Please, leave them the way they are. Thinking people
will vote no to making it so a smaller number of people can change your
covenants for you.

JIM MEADOWS

past president of CRE

Lusby


Election Letters


As the March 7 Maryland Primary Election approaches, Southern Maryland Extra
will publish letters from readers who wish to comment on candidates or issues of
interest to local voters. Letter writers should feel free to praise or criticize
particular candidates with regard to their stands on campaign issues, but
letters that simply attack candidates should be avoided.


YOUR VIEWS ARE WELCOME


Southern Maryland Extra welcomes your opinions. Letters to the editor should
include your name and address, as well as day and evening phone numbers so we
can verify authorship.

Send letters to:

Letters to the Editor

Southern Maryland Extra

100 N. Oak Ave.

La Plata, Md. 20646

Fax: 301-934-1088

E-mail: lansworthtwashpost.com




LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              338 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            February 7, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

THE POWER OF POSITIVE THINKING

BYLINE: REVIEWS BY GEOFFREY MACNAB

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 929 words


Dallas Buyers Club is a truly contradictory affair: a rousing crowd-pleaser
dealing with the most downbeat subject imaginable - a man contracting HIV and
slowly dying of an Aids-related condition. Summed up like that, it sounds
impossibly grim. What makes the film so special is its sense of defiance and its
scabrous humour. The main characters here simply don't accept their role as
victims, Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey) least of all.

Like other former juvenile leads who've appeared in too many romantic comedies,
McConaughey has been consistently underestimated as an actor, Here, he gives an
astonishing performance that combines sleaziness and venality with grace and
pathos.

The director Jean-Marc Vallée, previously best known to British audiences for
the pallid, Julian Fellowes-scripted costume drama The Young Victoria (2009),
brings a grittiness and morbid humour to the storytelling here that, early on,
evokes memories of Bob Rafelson's Five Easy Pieces.

When we first encounter McConaughey's Ron, he is having frenzied, unprotected
sex in a darkened stall at a Texas rodeo. The scene is shot in a furtive,
voyeuristic way. From the corner of his eye, he notices a sad-faced rodeo clown
- a figure we see again and who seems to have been included as a harbinger of
troubles ahead. Moments later, Ron is fleeing angry cowboys he seems to have
fleeced. It's 1985. With his rakishly lean frame and moustache, Ron may look
like a member of camp disco group Village People but he is rampantly homophobic.
"Rock Hudson was a cocksucker!" he exclaims early on when he learns of Hudson's
homosexuality. He likes women, beer, drugs and pornography. His language is
colourful but obscene. "That shit is purer than a preacher's daughter's pussy,"
is how he describes the cocaine he is trying to sell to a friend.

Ron is an electrician who lives in a trailer park. When he first learns of his
HIV diagnosis and is given 30 days to get his affairs in order, he reacts with
utter astonishment. "I ain't no faggot," he roars at the doctor, telling him his
blood must have been mixed up with some "daisy puller's". Any prospect of a
dignified death looks remote. His friends are as homophobic as he is - and
quickly begin to shun him. He doesn't have much money but is desperate to get
hold of AZT, the only drug he thinks can help him. The screenplay, by Craig
Borten and Melisa Wallack, reverses the trajectory of the typical terminal
illness film. Its darkest and most upsetting moments come early on, when Ron is
struggling and failing to come to terms with his condition.

There are some overlaps with the excellent recent documentary How to Survive a
Plague, which showed how, during the early days of the Aids epidemic, gay and
lesbian activists stood up to politicians and pharmaceutical companies. Ron
becomes the unlikely leader in a battle with the medical establishment,
represented by the FDA - the Food and Drug Administration. He reads up on the
science and challenges the received medical establishment wisdom about AZT, a
drug he soon decides is toxic.

Dallas Buyers Club can hardly be described as a comedy but the idea of a group
of eccentric small-timers taking on the big, bad bureaucrats has a comic
resonance. It was a starting point for many of the best Ealing films. Ron and
his business partner, the HIV-positive Rayon (Jared Leto), make a memorable odd
couple. One is a macho Texas redneck and the other is a Marc Bolan-obsessed
transgender woman.

The tone is beautifully struck. The film- makers neither trivialise the plight
of the HIV-positive protagonists in pursuit of easy laughs but nor do they slip
into mawkishness or heavy-handed solemnity. On one level, this is a story about
good old American entrepreneurialism. Ron and Rayon are hustlers who understand
market forces. They realise that they can supply legal drugs and vitamin
supplements that HIV sufferers need and want. By setting up a club, they avoid
having to sell on the streets.

Leto is a revelation as Rayon, a character who is a strange mess of
contradictions: self-reliant and yet intensely vulnerable, full of common sense
and yet self-destructive. Vallée doesn't skimp from Rayon looking utterly
ravaged by illness and drug abuse, her skin blotchy and her eyes heavy. At the
same time, she also has her diva-like moments when, with her wig, rouge and high
cheek bones, she looks as if she is a glamour queen on leave from a Factory-set
Andy Warhol film.

The doctors and FDA officials are demonised here in a way that seems a little
simple-minded. They're portrayed as vindictive and petty when they have no
particular reason to be so. The portrayal of the relationship between Ron and
the kind-hearted doctor Eve (engagingly played by Jennifer Garner) is contrived
and goes nowhere in particular. It's as if the film-makers are desperate to
include a conventional romantic sub-plot but don't know how to do it.

Ron is HIV positive and his libido is on the wane as the result. His lothario
days are largely behind him. Even so, as played by McConaughey, his swagger
never quite leaves him. It's a testament to the actor's charisma that Ron seems
more heroic than absurd, even when he is wandering around town with a drip
attached to his arm or walking down a hospital corridor wearing a cowboy hat but
no underwear.

Dallas Buyers Club is based on a true story. It's impossible to overlook the
fact that it deals with illness and imminent death. At the same time, it's
thoroughly uplifting to watch in the way of the best tales about underdogs
fighting back against overwhelming odds.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2014 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 9, 2007 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

And For My Second Act, I'll Make Some Money

BYLINE: By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE

SECTION: Section 4; Column 0; Week in Review Desk; THE NATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1041 words


A NEW book out last week reported that President Bush wants to hop on the
lecture circuit when he leaves office in 2009 -- ''replenish the ol' coffers,''
as he put it in Robert Draper's account of his presidency, ''Dead Certain.''

''I don't know what my dad gets,'' the president told Mr. Draper. ''But it's
more than 50, 75'' thousand dollars a speech. He added, ''Clinton's making a lot
of money.''

In recent years, virtually every president has left office and parlayed his
experience into handsome fees. Criticism has followed.

Ronald Reagan was excoriated for taking $2 million for two speeches in Japan, at
a time when the United States was locked in economic battle with his hosts;
George H. W. Bush's association with the Carlyle Group was held up to ridicule
in Michael Moore's ''Fahrenheit 9/11''; and Bill Clinton has been lambasted for
extracting eye-popping fees, sometimes $350,000 a speech.

There was no exception for the current president, with critics accusing him --
in advance -- of venality, greed and capitalizing on his presidency in a time of
war.

In the book, Mr. Bush did not really explain his interest in more money. His
assets are estimated at between $8 million and $20 million (and his daughters
are out of college). Moreover, since the 1950s, when it was clear that Harry
Truman could not afford even an office staff, the federal government has taken
care of former presidents. Mr. Bush will receive an annual pension of $186,000,
travel funds, mailing privileges, Secret Service protection, office space,
staff, stationery and transition expenses.

''These are not people who are put out on the street destitute,'' said Meredith
McGehee, policy director of the Campaign Legal Center, which advocates tighter
campaign finance rules.

And yet, what is an ex-president to do with the rest of his life? They are now
generally leaving office at a younger age than their predecessors and living
longer. Mr. Bush will be 62 when he clears out; Bill Clinton was 54. Their youth
makes it unrealistic to expect them to retire and vanish.

''Presidents have always been able to profit from their prominence,'' said Brian
Flanagan, assistant director of the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies
in Grand Rapids, Mich.

Sometimes this surprises people. ''We've gotten to know our presidents through
their careers in public service,'' he said. ''So people can feel betrayed or
confused when they see a former president in a different light, cashing in on
their celebrity. You see athletes doing it and movie stars. It's hard to put a
president in the same category.''

Mr. Bush has been vague about his post-presidential plans. He mentioned having
''a nice place in Dallas'' and setting up a Freedom Institute. Otherwise, he
told Mr. Draper, ''I can just envision getting in the car, getting bored, going
down to the ranch.''

Mr. Bush is not the first to face a blank slate after serving in the most
important job in the world. Franklin Pierce, who left office at 52 in 1857,
found post-presidential life a big drag. ''After the White House,'' he lamented,
''what is there to do but drink?'' He died at 64.

Mr. Pierce aside, most former presidents have been active one way or another.
But in the early days of the republic, they re-emerged in public roles often
with the incumbent's blessing. George Washington, who left office at 65, retired
to Mount Vernon but was recalled to command the United States Army when war with
France seemed imminent.

''Washington was the model for many years,'' said Mark K. Updegrove, author of
''Second Acts: Presidential Lives and Legacies After the White House.'' ''You
were useful to the degree to which the incumbent could use you, as an emissary,
a diplomat, an adviser.''

Those who returned to public service included John Quincy Adams, who went on to
serve in the House of Representatives. Andrew Johnson was appointed to the
Senate. William Howard Taft finally got the job he wanted, as chief justice of
the Supreme Court.

But the modern post-presidency has been marked by a new kind of activism, Mr.
Updegrove said. It often involves rehabilitating one's image and making money,
and sometimes those have been one and the same.

Richard Nixon spent his early post-Watergate years in exile. Under the 1958
Former President's Act, a president would forfeit his pension if he were
impeached; Nixon avoided that fate by resigning. In addition, he was paid
$600,000 for his interviews with David Frost and $2.3 million for his memoirs.

Gerald R. Ford was the first ex-president to serve on corporate boards. But Mr.
Clinton has leveraged his presidency to a greater extent than any other former
chief executive, making at least $40 million in speaking fees since leaving the
White House in 2001.

He has, however, like other presidents, devoted much of his time -- and much of
his speaking income -- to global charities. He and the first President Bush have
joined forces for relief for victims of the tsunami and Hurricane Katrina.
Former President Jimmy Carter has devoted himself to numerous causes and won the
Nobel Prize.

Still, one area of concern about former presidents involves fund-raising for
their libraries, which they are allowed to do while in office. Donors don't even
have to be disclosed, though Congress is considering a measure to change that,
applying to sitting presidents and for four years after they leave office.
Still, the practice has become more complicated with a former president whose
son is in the Oval Office now and another whose wife could be soon.

''Retirement has usually meant riding off into the sunset,'' said Massie Ritsch,
a spokesman for the Center for Responsive Politics. ''But now, ex-presidents are
enormously influential, especially if they are succeeded by their children or
their spouses.''

Apart from that measure, the public has not demanded restrictions on former
presidents, perhaps because they understand the sacrifices made while in office.
The toll is evident in before and after pictures. ''It's an exhausting office,
and a lot of presidents don't survive long after they leave,'' said Mr.
Flanagan, the historian. ''You think, well, they've earned the opportunity to go
out there and earn a little money.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 16, 2007



CORRECTION: An article last Sunday about the employment of former presidents
after leaving the White House misstated the circumstances under which a
president would lose his pension. Only a president who was impeached and
convicted -- not merely impeached -- would forfeit his pension and related
benefits. The article also misstated the title of the chief justice. He is chief
justice of the United States -- not of the Supreme Court.

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY SHOUT)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           April 23, 2003, Wednesday

Films

BYLINE: Stephen Dalton

SECTION: Features; Times2; 30

LENGTH: 526 words


DOC HOLLYWOOD (1991) Five, 8pm

Michael J. Fox stars in this lightweight but engaging romantic comedy from the
Scottish-born director Michael Caton-Jones, a Capra-esque fable of homespun
Middle American values. The newly qualified plastic surgeon Ben Stone (Fox) gets
sidetracked in a small North Carolina town on the way to a high-earning job in
California. Before long a chorus of eccentric locals begin conspiring to
persuade him to stay full time. Bridget Fonda, George Hamilton and Woody
Harrelson all play genial support roles, but it is Julie Warner's quirky
ambulance driver who finally persuades Ben to question his money-grabbing
ambitions. (104 min)

THE DEVIL'S ADVOCATE (1997) BBC Three, 9pm

Taylor Hackford's well-crafted supernatural thriller will surprise nobody with
its revelation that John Milton, Al Pacino's roaringly egotistical Manhattan law
firm boss, is actually Satan. Only junior lawyer Kevin Lomax (Keanu Reeves)
seems unaware of this crucial twist, and even he starts to suspect when Milton
sends him to defend goat killers in court. For once, Pacino's volcanic
overacting is perfectly in tune with a film that wallows in its own gloriously
baroque silliness. Devil's Advocate takes several witty satirical sideswipes at
the demonic venality of high-flying lawyers, even though supernatural schlock
prevails as the effects-driven showdown looms. (145 min)

MAD MAX 2 (1981) Five, 10.05pm

The second outing for Mel Gibson (above left) as the road warrior remains the
best of the series, defining the franchise and its key elements. In a post
apocalyptic Australia ravaged by chronic petrol shortages, violent gangs battle
against each other for food and fuel. Gibson plays a futuristic vigilante who is
hired by a peaceful oil-drilling commune to fight off evil outsiders. With
lashings of comic-book action, sado-masochistic violence and amazing car chases,
George Miller's superb spaghetti western updates made Gibson a star. (96 min)

HER ALIBI (1989) BBC One, 11.40pm; Wales, 12.10am

A detective novelist (Tom Selleck) attempts to cure his writer's block by
staking out the local criminal courts, but gets more than he bargained for after
falling for an unhinged Romanian immigrant (Paulina Porizkova) and murder
suspect. The couple hide out in Selleck's country retreat, only to be pursued by
sinister agents bent on assassination. Directed by the Australian veteran Bruce
Beresford, who made such classics as Don's Party and Breaker Morant, this
comic-book caper is amusing enough but deeply silly. (94 min)

HEATHERS (1989) Channel 4, 12.15am

Despite its macabre theme and dark tone, Michael Lehmann's black comedy about
high school bullies and teenage suicides is a life-affirming joy to watch.
Winona Ryder stars as a classroom rebel who is hoodwinked into committing murder
by her sinister new boyfriend, Christian Slater (above left, with Ryder). A
copycat suicide trend sweeps the school, despite the best efforts of earnest
counsellors and clueless parents. A teen satire that celebrates the recklessness
of youth while deploring the casual cruelties of adolescence. (102 min)


LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                              341 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 7, 2000, Tuesday

Pattern Of Conduct KEFAUVER REPORTAGE, MAY 1951 CHAPTER 237

BYLINE: By JAY MAEDER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 800 words

RUDOLPH HALLEY, chief counsel to Sen. Estes Kefauver's fire-breathing national
crime committee, was known to feel that former New York City Mayor William
O'Dwyer was less an active participant in the town's racket rule than he was an
unprotesting bystander to it. There was "no proof," Halley said, that O'Dwyer
had ever engaged in a "deliberate conspiracy" to protect organized crime. The
committee's conclusions, accordingly, were revised and softened several times
before they were issued to the public on Tuesday the 1st of May 1951.

They were devastating all the same. The O'Dwyer administration now entered the
history books declared a swamp of corruption and venality presided over by a
chief executive who was, at the very least, inattentive. Precisely as had the
1945 Brooklyn grand jury presentment, the Kefauver report, for page after page,
scathed O'Dwyer's "laxity" and "glaring deficiencies," both as Brooklyn district
attorney and mayor.

His failure to follow up concrete evidence of organized crime has contributed to
the growth of organized crime, racketeering and gangsterism in New York City.
...

Neither he nor his appointees took any effective action against the top echelons
of the gambling, narcotics, waterfront, murder or bookmaking rackets. In fact,
his actions impeded promising investigations of such rackets. ...

A single pattern of conduct emerges from O'Dwyer's official activities in regard
to the gambling and waterfront rackets, murders and police corruption from his
days as district attorney through his terms as mayor. No matter what the
motivation of his choice, action or inaction, it often seemed to result
favorably for men suspected of being high up in the rackets. ...

The tendency to blame others for the ineffectiveness of official efforts to curb
the rackets and the ensuing corruption has also turned up very often at every
stage of O'Dwyer's career.

It is "apparent," the report said, "that racketeers are firmly entrenched along
New York City's waterfront, with the resulting extortions, shakedowns, kickbacks
from wages, payroll padding, gangster infiltration by unions and large-scale
gambling." Mobster Frank Costello, it continued, had been and remained "a strong
and evil influence on New York politics ... now friendly with many Democratic
district leaders. ... His sinister influence is still strong in the councils of
the Democratic Party organization."

Nodding to O'Dwyer's ceaseless blusterings that any assessment of his public
career was obliged to consider all the schools and hospitals he'd built, the
senators conceded that he had "undoubtedly accomplished many noteworthy
achievements."

IN MEXICO CITY, U.S. Ambassador O'Dwyer had no immediate comment. In Congress,
there were mounting calls for his resignation. At the White House, President
Harry S Truman announced that he had every confidence in the nation's Mexican
envoy and would not fire him. In Brooklyn, mob kingpins Joe Adonis and Albert
Anastasia assured District Attorney Miles McDonald they certainly didn't know a
thing about the unfortunate demise of their waterfront racketeer pal Philip
Mangano, whose bullet-riddled body had recently turned up in the Bergen Beach
marshes.

And in Foley Square, O'Dwyer's loyal old friend James Moran, caught in several
bald lies in his testimonies before the Kefauver committee, went on trial for
perjury in federal court.

MORAN'S DISSEMBLINGS before the senators were "part of a calculated scheme
deeply rooted in a monstrous alliance between crime and politics," bellowed
prosecutor Eugene Roth. Moran, O'Dwyer's useful Man Friday for many years and
now the first person tried in consequence of the Kefauver hearings, stonily
declined to offer any defense at all. He faced up to five years in prison, and,
on Friday the 11th, that's what he got.

The presiding federal judge had been brought in from distant Iowa for the
occasion. He made a point of not issuing ringing magisterial oratory when he
handed down the maximum punishment. "I expect the less I say about this, the
better," the out-of-towner acknowledged.

RUDOLPH HALLEY, 37 years old, was overnight, by reason of television, a national
figure. In New York City, he was as sensational a crime smasher as Judge Sam
Seabury and Special Prosecutor Tom Dewey had been in the 1930s. By the end of
May, the Liberal Party had firmly named him its candidate for City Council
president in the forthcoming fall elections and the old Fusionists were debating
his prospects as well. Here was very likely the next mayor. Democrats and
Republicans, meanwhile, contemplated with growing alarm the public clamor over a
corruption-busting grand inquisitor who showed every sign of turning into the
single most menacing political threat of their recent lifetimes.


LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: BIG TOWN CHRONICLES THE DAILY NEWS HISTORY OF MODERN NEW YORK

TYPE: SERIES

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              342 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 27, 2000

Olympic Games: Dignified Bennett salutes mighty Savon: Behind all the political
hype the clash of the United States and Cuban heavyweights showed the best of a
maligned but still amateur sport

BYLINE: Richard Williams

SECTION: Guardian Sport Pages, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1044 words


Barely tolerated in the outside world, boxing is on extended probation as an
Olympic sport. Made vulnerable by a history of scandal and corruption to the
ambitions of those who would like to jettison it in order to clear a space for
the successors to beach volleyball and triathlon, its survival is probably
dependent on its ability to continue producing figures like Felix Savon.
Yesterday, in the Sydney ring, the great Cuban heavyweight made further progress
towards his third consecutive gold medal by defeating Michael Bennett of the
United States, the world amateur champion.

Curiously, given the unremitting venality of its professional arm, boxing is the
last Olympic sport to retain the amateur qualification for contestants. Not the
least advantage of this anomaly is that it gives Cuba, historically a fertile
breeding ground for boxers, the chance to parade men like Savon, the heavyweight
champion in Barcelona and Atlanta, and his predecessor, Teofilo Stevenson, the
heavyweight champion of 1972, 1976 and 1980.

In Stevenson's time it was not unusual to find boxing fans arguing about what
would happen if he ever met Muhammad Ali in the ring. Earlier in Savon's career
the parallel hypothesis pitted him against Mike Tyson, although since Atlanta
the emphasis has shifted to the outcome of a notional contest with Lennox Lewis.

Notwithstanding the best efforts of Don King, there was never a chance of either
Stevenson or Savon exposing himself to such a challenge. The very good reason is
that professional and amateur boxing are about as similar as a symphony and a
string quartet. The musicians look the same, and they play similar instruments,
but everything else is very different.

As a result there has always been a special frisson evoked by meetings between
the Cuban giants and the amateur champions of the US, a sensation that is less a
product of political differences than of the feeling that this is the closest we
will ever get to answering those "what if?" questions.

Savon's reputation is sometimes enough to have his opponents beaten before they
enter the ring. In the Atlanta final four years ago David Defiagbon, a
Nigerian-born Canadian, made self-preservation his priority in a contest which
served as an unsightly demonstration of something close to cowardice. The
judges' assessment that Defiagbon had actually landed two blows during the
course of three two-minute rounds, to Savon's 20, seemed unduly generous.

Unlike Defiagbon, Bennett did not manage to see out the full span of yesterday's
quarter-final but he did at least leave the ring with his self- respect intact.

The Chicagoan is an impressive man who seems to have entirely rehabilitated
himself since emerging from prison two years ago, having served seven years of
what had originally been a 26-year jail sentence after being found guilty of
holding up a branch of Toys 'R' Us with a friend and a shotgun. At the time of
the offence he was 19 years old and studying criminal justice at college.

Bennett learnt to box in prison, tutored by a trio of lifers. Remarkably, within
a year of his release he had won the world title. Savon, a six-time champion,
had been his scheduled opponent in that final but the Cuban withdrew from the
tournament along with the rest of his team in protest against what they saw as
biased judging, giving the American a walkover. So yesterday's rendezvous, into
which Bennett came as captain of the US team, was about more than just one
Olympic gold medal.

On paper this fight should have been the final but Olympic boxing tournaments
are drawn blind and pot luck is the result. As things turned out, it was
probably for the best since Bennett, a southpaw, could find no answer at all to
the much taller Savon's trademark scoring punch, a long right hand which comes
in over the opponent's guard with the lethal laziness and unstoppability of a
torpedo. Almost all of the 23 blows credited by the judges to the 6ft 6in Cuban
came from that source, with only eight punches registered to Bennett's credit in
reply - albeit including one right cross which staggered Savon late in the
third.

But it was soon after that small success, with only a few seconds left in the
third of the scheduled four two-minute rounds, that Savon landed the right which
made the score 23-8 and thus, with the margin at 15 points, obliged the referee
to halt the contest and declare the Cuban the winner.

Some veteran boxing critics reacted to the application of the 15-point rule with
scorn, feeling that the fighters should be allowed to proceed to a more
clear-cut conclusion - in other words, that they should be allowed to inflict
more damage on each other. But this is amateur boxing and that is the rule. No
doubt some oarsmen, too, wished that the Olympic course had been 3,000 metres
long last weekend, rather than 2,000.

"I have no quarrel with the rules," Bennett said afterwards. "That's the way it
had to be done. Maybe they can look at it again some time in the future."

His assessment of his own display sounded realistic and his tribute to Savon was
unfeigned in its generosity. "I'm not ashamed of my performance," he said. "I
did my best. I just gave him too many straight shots. He's a one-punch guy but I
stood there and was a target for him. I felt I hurt him once but he took it and
came back like the warrior he is. His reach played a small part and I was a step
too slow to take his advantage away. I wasn't in awe of him but he's done a lot
of things for amateur boxing, he's a great guy and he lived up to it all."

And did it amaze him that a man of such ability would choose to remain in Cuba
and deny himself the chance to earn millions in the professional ring?

"It don't amaze me because it's about patriotism to his country," Bennett
replied. "He's going to be a warrior for Cuba and that's that. Some people do
take it upon themselves to defect but he's stood fast and stayed true to his
country. That's OK."

Not too long ago the expression of such a view would have been enough to end his
career - which he may soon terminate himself, in any case, to pursue a desire to
become a mentor to troubled children. These Olympics have been full of pleasant
surprises.


LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              343 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

THE VENALITY OF WEASELS;
TEAM OBAMA LET AIG LOOT THE TREASURY

BYLINE: Maureen Dowd

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 710 words


Barack Obama even needs a teleprompter to get mad. On St. Patrick's Day, the
president spoke a bit of Gaelic, dyed the White House fountains green and talked
about his distant relatives in the tiny Irish town of Moneygall, aptly named
since money and gall are the two topics now consuming him.

But Mr. Obama is still having trouble summoning a suitable flash of Irish temper
at the gall of the corrupt money magicians who continue to make our greenbacks
disappear into their bottomless well. He's got to lop off some heads.

As he watches the fury of ordinary Americans bubble up at those who continue to
plunder our economy, he should keep in mind one of my dad's favorite Gaelic
sayings: "Never bolt the door with a boiled carrot."

At the White House on Monday, the president read reporters some tough talk from
the teleprompter about the chuckleheads at AIG, accusing them of "recklessness
and greed."

But it was his own boiled carrots who acted shocked at bonuses that they should
have known were coming and should have dismantled before handing AIG another $30
billion two weeks ago. It is bad enough that the billions of dollars are being
laundered through AIG to the likes of bailout double-dippers Goldman Sachs,
Citigroup and Bank of America, not to mention foreign banks.

Mr. Obama belatedly tried to stop the tumbrels that began rolling toward the
Potomac after adviser Larry Summers asserted there was nothing the
administration could do about the blood-sucking insurance monstrosity's venal
payout.

Mr. Summers said the government "cannot just abrogate" contracts with financial
vampires. It seems as though it would be easy to upend a bonus contract that
must read something like: "If you ruin the world economy, we'll pay you an extra
million."

As New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo pointed out Tuesday, 11 of the AIG
executives who received retention bonuses of $1 million or more were not even
retained. They're no longer working at AIG. Bonuses were paid to 52 people who
have left the company.

At first, on the nutty bonuses, Team Obama thought it could get away with the
same absurd argument used to justify the nearly $8 billion in unnecessary
earmarks it allowed Congress to jam into this year's overdue spending bill: It
was written last year; we're just signing off on it; we'll do better in the
future.

What President Obama should have said to the bloodsuckers at AIG was simple: "We
stopped the checks. They're immoral. If you want Americans' hard-earned cash as
a reward for burning up their jobs, homes and savings, sue me." He also should
have saved a dollar a year and fired CEO Ed Liddy. There must have been ways to
avoid rewarding the perpetrators of our financial crisis and Mr. Liddy seems to
have explored none of them.

Barney Frank told reporters: "I think the time has come to exercise our
ownership rights ... and then say as owner, 'No, I'm not paying you the bonus.
You didn't perform. You didn't live up to this contract.' "

Mr. Cuomo, who seems far more intent on transparency than Mr. Obama and Tim
Geithner, the treasury secretary who reluctantly signed off on the bonuses,
issued subpoenas for the names of the bonus babies. Mr. Cuomo started an
investigation of whether the payments were fraudulent because the company knew
it did not have the funds to cover them.

The president needs to brush back the greedy creeps who kneecapped capitalism,
rather than cosseting Wall Street for fear of looking like an avatar of
socialism.

Mr. Geithner, who comes from the cozy Wall Street club, and Mr. Liddy believe
it's best to stabilize the company and keep on board the same people who
invented the risky financial tactics so they can unwind their own rotten spool.
Isn't that like giving bonuses to the arsonists who started a fire because they
alone know what kind of accelerants they used to start it?

"Their mythology starts with the false premise that these are irreplaceable
geniuses," says Mr. Cuomo.

Boiling mad that AIG made more than 73 millionaires in the unit that felled the
firm, Mr. Cuomo called the company's counsel on Monday to demand that she stop
payment on the checks. Mr. Cuomo was informed that the money had already been
direct-deposited in the accounts of the derivative scoundrels with the push of a
button.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Maureen Dowd is a syndicated columnist for The New York Times./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              344 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 14, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

A Good First Step

SECTION: Editorial; A26

LENGTH: 190 words


The recent decision by a  federal judge in California assigning criminal
liability to a former  Salvadoran military  captain for his role in the 1980
assassination of Archbishop Oscar Arnulfo Romero [news story, Sept. 5]
represents a long-postponed first step toward justice for those responsible for
the atrocities committed during El Salvador's civil war.

The decision also highlights the fact that most of those complicit in the
government-sponsored reign of terror have yet to face charges.

The weakness and venality of the Salvadoran justice system and the profound lack
of political will to prosecute human rights abusers on the part of the
Nationalist Republican Alliance (Arena), as well as the demoralizing effect of
the 1993 amnesty law,  have created a climate of impunity for those who were
human rights abusers during the  conflict.

The ruling is a much-needed advance toward justice for the 75,000 victims of the
civil war, mainly at the hands of  the military. It  remains for San Salvador --
and Washington -- to  carry through the task begun there.

JESSICA LEIGHT

Research Fellow

Council on Hemispheric Affairs

Washington

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              345 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Veterans Day tribute to former Eagle Nick Basca, who died in WWII

BYLINE: By Frank Fitzpatrick; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: unsorted; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 952 words


On the snowy December day when his Eagles won the 1948 NFL title, Nick Basca's
long journey home was underway.

He hadn't worn the green-and-white uniform since that infamous Sunday, Dec. 7,
1941. In the intervening years, the Phoenixville resident had traveled thousands
of miles. Now, at last, he was coming back, a hero again.

On Nov. 11, 1944 - Armistice Day, ironically - Basca was killed in the woods
near Orbec, France. A tank-commanding corporal in Gen. George Patton's Third
Army, he died instantly when a German mortar tore through his armored vehicle.

Buried initially at the American Catholic Military Cemetery in France, his body,
like those of 170,000 other slain U.S. servicemen, was disinterred in December
1948 and sent home.

Basca's belated funeral took place in Phoenixville on Jan. 19. Eight hundred
mourners clogged Sacred Heart Church, whose adjoining school was the birthplace
of a legend that, in his hometown at least, was as large as he was undersize.

He starred at Phoenixville High and Villanova. When the Eagles signed him in
1941, the fairy tale seemed complete.

This Veterans Day, 70 years after Basca's death, seems a fitting time to
interrupt the NFL's ongoing venality - its stars entangled in domestic and child
abuse, its retirees suffering physical and mental anguish - with a nobler story.

Basca was one of 25 NFL players killed in World War II. None was a great star.
All, like the tough-as-nails towheaded player called "Nickels," deserve
remembering.

On that Dec. 7, Philadelphia and Washington played in ignorant but curious
bliss. The 20-14 loss gave the 1941 Eagles a 2-8-1 record.

Not knowing of the Pearl Harbor attack, players were puzzled by the frequent
public-address announcements paging various government and military officials
among the 27,102 fans at Washington's Griffith Stadium.

"We didn't know what was going on," Redskins quarterback Sammy Baugh recalled.
"I'd never heard that many announcements, one right after another. We felt
something was up, but we just kept playing."

The Eagles got the news in the locker room. Within three days, Basca had
enlisted in the Army.

A smallish (5-foot-8, 170-pound) reserve halfback, defensive back, and
placekicker, Basca kicked two extra points that Sunday to conclude a decent
rookie season. He rushed for a touchdown, intercepted three passes, and kicked a
field goal and nine extra points.

But it couldn't have been easy for Basca, who wasn't used to life beyond the
spotlight.

Basca was born in 1916, the eldest of five children of an immigrant steelworker
and homemaker from what became Czechoslovakia. His given name was Michael. His
nickname, "Nickels" - shortened to "Nick" - derived from his habit of soliciting
jobs for which he charged five cents.

Smaller than his classmates, he was an athletic prodigy. At Sacred Heart, he
became a local celebrity when, as a 97-pound eighth grader, he led his team to a
win over Phoenixville High's freshmen.

A defensive back and quarterback, Basca, according to the Phoenixville Daily
Republican, was "shifty, elusive, crafty."

At Phoenixville High, he starred in football, baseball, and basketball. His
senior year, the Phantoms went 9-0 and won the Suburban Conference title. Basca
scored 89 of their 226 points and led a defense that allowed just 27.

"It's been a long time since our school has had an all-around athlete like
'Nick,' " a senior yearbook caption read.

Basca enrolled at Pennington (N.J.) Prep. In one victory there, he accounted for
all his team's points in a 13-12 win over a college, West Chester State.

At Villanova, he was a triple-threat star. As a senior, Basca was the Wildcats
captain and an all-East selection.

He played in the North-South All-Star Game that winter, and after his 1941
graduation - with an education degree - he played in the Eastern collegiate
all-stars' annual matchup with the New York Giants.

His stature likely kept him from being drafted, but several NFL teams expressed
interest before he signed with the Eagles.

Basca and his brother Steven enlisted quickly after Pearl Harbor. He trained at
Fort Bragg and in July 1942 married Frances Snyder. Redeployed to Camp Bowie in
Texas, Basca arrived in England in 1943. There, he and the Fourth Armored
Division awaited the European invasion.

On July 11, 1944, his unit landed on Utah Beach. The Americans fought their way
across France, helping to secure the Brittany Peninsula, then rolling 250 miles
toward Germany.

That November, during one of the fierce skirmishes that preceded the Battle of
the Bulge, an 88mm shell struck Basca's vehicle. He died instantly.

Steven Basca, recuperating in a nearby hospital, later told doctors that at the
moment his brother died, he rose in his bed and screamed.

On Dec. 28, 1948, nine days after the Eagles defeated the Cardinals for the NFL
championship, Basca's body arrived in America.

On Jan. 19, a ceremony in his parents' Martin Street home was followed by a Mass
at Sacred Heart and a military burial.

For years, Chester County's football champions received the Nick Basca Trophy.
Villanova named its annual homecoming weekend in his honor. He was included in
the Wartime Heroes display at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The Chester County
and Phoenixville sports halls inducted him.

Then his name faded.

The World War II hero is buried not far from the field where the sports hero was
born.

In 1930, as a 4-foot-6, 13-year-old quarterback, Basca ran for four long
touchdowns and on defense hit every opponent who moved in Sacred Heart's victory
over rival St. Michael's.

Now in St. Michael's Cemetery, adjacent to that field, on a hilltop above the
Schuylkill, he rests in peace.

ffitzpatrick@phillynews.com

@philafitz


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Seeking Leniency, Insider Trader's Lawyers Cite a Love Affair

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 668 words


Danielle S. Chiesi, the former beauty queen turned convicted Wall Street trader,
deserves a light prison sentence because her crimes were the result of a
tortured love affair with her boss, her lawyers said.

A lawyer for Ms. Chiesi laid out his case for leniency in a court filing late
Monday that at times read more like a Harlequin romance novel than it did a
legal brief.

''The punishment due for the conduct at issue here should be mitigated once it
is recognized as the manifestation of the psychological and emotional forces
impacting on Danielle Chiesi, rather than the result of greed and venality,''
said Alan R. Kaufman, the lawyer.

Federal prosecutors countered the defense's argument by calling Ms. Chiesi the
''consummate Wall Street insider'' who engaged in a ''broad and far-reaching''
criminal scheme. They asked Judge Richard J. Holwell to sentence her to as many
as three years and 10 months in prison. Her sentencing is set for June 30.

Ms. Chiesi pleaded guilty in January to participating in an insider trading
conspiracy with Raj Rajaratnam, the Wall Street investor who was found guilty by
a jury last month.

Her lawyers blamed her actions in part on Mark Kurland, her boss at New Castle
and lover for almost 20 years. Her ''emotional and financial well-being were
inextricably linked with Kurland,'' her lawyer said.

Mr. Kurland pleaded guilty to insider trading crimes in January 2010 and was
sentenced to 27 months in prison. Ms. Chiesi's lawyers argued that her sentence
should be less than that.

Ms. Chiesi began dating Mr. Kurland in 1988 when she was a 22-year-old
saleswoman at Mabon Nugent, a brokerage firm where Mr. Kurland, then 40 years
old, was an executive, according to the court filing. The married Mr. Kurland
moved to Bear Stearns, where he became chief executive of its asset management
business and later started New Castle, the bank's hedge fund. He hired Ms.
Chiesi in 1996.

Ms. Chiesi's lawyers said that although Ms. Chiesi trafficked in inside
information from corporate tipsters while at New Castle, she never paid for
information and never traded in her own account. She instead shared it with Mr.
Kurland, her lawyer said.

''The dozens of recorded conversations between Ms. Chiesi and Mr. Kurland are
replete with examples of Kurland encouraging her to get information, of Kurland
belittling her ability to analyze financial data, of Kurland being the New
Castle decision maker regarding investment decisions,'' Mr. Kaufman said.

''Dani was, and will say today that she still is in love with him,'' he said.
''She resists the idea that Kurland used her for his own purposes, and the truth
of that long relationship is probably far more complicated than any of us can
know.''

A former boyfriend of Ms. Chiesi's referred to only as ''Billy'' apparently
claims to know. Quoting a letter from Billy submitted to the judge, her lawyer
said that Mr. Kurland engaged in a ''vicious cycle of abuse'' and
''psychological exploitation'' to turn Ms. Chiesi into his ''virtual servant.''

A lawyer for Mr. Kurland did not return requests for comment.

Ms. Chiesi used her sexuality to gain an investment edge on Wall Street,
engaging in affairs with other sources. She had an intimate relationship with
Robert Moffatt, a former I.B.M. executive who is serving prison time after
admitting to leaking confidential information to Ms. Chiesi.

During one wiretapped phone conversation played during Mr. Rajaratnam's trial,
Ms. Chiesi told Mr. Rajaratnam that pumping corporate insiders for secret
information excited her.

''It's a conquest,'' she said. ''It's mentally fabulous for me.''

Federal prosecutors dismissed the idea that Ms. Chiesi was controlled by her
boss or anyone else. ''Chiesi operated largely on her own, and she was
sufficiently experienced and sophisticated that she knew precisely what she was
doing,'' the government said in its filing. ''In short, she was not merely
Kurland's minion.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:  Danielle Chiesi outside the federal courthouse in Manhattan in
January. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIN LEE/BLOOMBERG NEWS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Web Log

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              347 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TRIM THE FAT OFF OF THE LEGISLATURE

BYLINE: Brian O'Neill

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 691 words


Before we cut a park or library, cut the Pennsylvania General Assembly.

I've been on a wildly unsuccessful campaign to reduce the size of America's
Largest Full-Time State Legislature for years, but I thought some of the 253
solons kicking around Harrisburg might be more open to it this year, what with
the potential for a $2 billion state budget deficit and all.

Fat chance.

We may see them all indicted before we see them making permanent, long-lasting
changes that could save the commonwealth tens of millions of dollars each and
every year.

Still, I intend to keep riding this horse til it dies, and lately I've noticed
others saddling up. Last week, John Baer, a columnist for the Philadelphia Daily
News, wrote that with 3,156 staff members, our Legislature just zoomed past New
York for the distinction of having the most staffers in all the land.

"I never understood why the sixth-largest state needs the largest legislature,"
Mr. Baer wrote, "especially given the legislature's performance, venality and,
if you believe the state attorney general, level of corruption."

(Columnist's note: An idea I proposed years ago, to slash the Legislature by one
seat each time a Pennsylvania lawmaker is convicted of a crime, might have
gotten the oversized statehouse shrunken by about a dozen members by now. Alas,
that reform never went anywhere either.)

"I sure don't understand why we need the largest staff," Mr. Baer continued,
"especially as thousands of regular state workers face layoffs."

Indeed, if we can learn anything from the federal trial of former state Sen.
Vince Fumo and the notches on the belt of state Attorney General Tom Corbett,
it's that a lot of legislative staffers don't have enough to do. Mr. Fumo,
despite being the only man I know outside of a sitcom who employed a butler,
used his staffers as personal valets and house cleaners. And Mr. Corbett intends
to show that the $3 million in bonuses to legislative staffers in 2005 and 2006
was for political work, not the people's work, though we paid for it.

Throw in the recent news that there are now 73 legislative staffers earning more
than $100,000 a year, and you have a statehouse that seems to be all but begging
to be slashed.

Ah, but this is Pennsylvania, a state whose constitution does not allow for
citizens' referenda. Any reform of the Legislature has to come from the
legislators themselves. And why would they agree to cut the number of jobs in
Harrisburg?

The only reason would be if they thought their own jobs would be in jeopardy if
they didn't do the right thing. But the revolt of the people that followed the
unconstitutional mid-term pay raise of 2005 has long since fizzled.

Rep. Mark Mustio, a Republican from Moon, says he hasn't given up on shrinking
the statehouse. He is among the dozens who have backed a bill to reduce the
state House from 203 members to 161, and the Senate from 50 to 40. He's hoping
that the attorney general's investigation coupled with the national economic
downturn will finally spark reform. He doesn't want the federal government to
just print money and send it to the states to paper over our waste.

Now I must concede that lopping the Legislature to a size more like other
states' is no cure-all. Illinois has shown that a legislature can be corrupt
with just 177 members, and California has managed to go broke with a statehouse
of only 120 members (and one governor who talks funny).

It's also true that cutting the size of our Legislature by 20 percent, or its
cost by 20 percent, would mean a savings of at most $60 million to $70 million
each year. With a potential shortfall in Harrisburg closer to $2 billion,
cutting the cost of lawmaking is no more than the fiscal equivalent of turning
down the thermostat.

But isn't that what people do in tough times?

To shrink the Legislature, we'd either need a constitutional convention or a
stand-alone amendment, approved by consecutive sessions of the Legislature with
an election in between. Only then would it go to the voters. There's no quick
fix, but if we don't begin now, when will we?

If any voter can't see fat in the statehouse by now, there's some between his
ears.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Brian O'Neill can be reached at boneill@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1947./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              348 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              September 2, 1995, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Crime Siege scenarios diverting

BYLINE: John North

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. L15

LENGTH: 747 words


   Stormy Weather

By Carl Hiaasen

Random House, 336 pages, $32

Edge Of The City

By Dan Mahoney

McClelland & Stewart, 426 pages, $31.99

Crisis Of Conscience

By Brian Battison

McClelland & Stewart, 221 pages, $28.99

We all have a tendency to feel besieged in September. The lazy days of summer
are past and the pressure of a new school year and of impending winter are
starting. Here, then, are three diverting novels about different types of siege
situations.

In Stormy Weather Carl Hiaasen portrays a Florida under siege - its natural
beauty and wildlife at the mercy of a never-ending influx of tourists and
immigrants. Things get worse when a major hurricane levels many of the graceless
shopping plazas and cookie-cutter housing developments of the Miami area.
Fast-buck con-artists, fly-by-night renovators and scads of other out-of-state
predators descend on the bewildered population with the rapacity of starving
locusts.

Hiaasen has written five earlier crime novels (most recently Strip Tease) all
set in Florida. Two characters from earlier books, Skink (ex-State governor and
now eccentric ecological freedom fighter) and State Trooper Jim Tile (his
guardian angel), link up with some equally improbable newcomers for a non-stop
string of frenetic and outrageous activity set in the hurricane's wake.

The story features man-eating lions, satellite dish crucifixions, predatory
advertising executives, multiple impersonations, several killings (one by
crocodile) and a host of situations exploring the vast range of human greed and
venality.

This is vintage Hiaasen - a fast-paced parade of side-splitting black humor with
an edge of gloom and despair. Hiaasen must be careful not to take himself too
seriously since at times the parable almost overwhelms the entertainment with an
overly shrill message.

In his second novel, Edge Of The City, Dan Mahoney successfully combines
terrorism with the police procedural as he pits a retired New York detective
against Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), the Peruvian terrorist group holding
the city to ransom.

Brian McKenna (whose earlier encounter with the Shining Path was detailed in
Mahoney's first novel, Detective First Grade) is trying to settle down in
Florida with his expectant wife. Despite the endless golf, sunshine and
tranquillity, he still pines for the action of the Big Apple streets. The murder
of the New York Police Commissioner's son brings him back for the funeral, and
involves him in a complex plot of extortion and revenge masterminded by his
Shining Path adversaries.

The terrorists, financed by Colombian drug money, have managed to blockade the
city and hold it to ransom by controlling a key bridge and two ferries
containing multiple hostages. McKenna is given the temporary (his wife hopes)
appointment of Deputy Police Commissioner and given the task of outwitting the
terrorists.

His success depends on a complex blend of co-operation from federal agencies,
politicians and street cops as the story twists and turns throughout the city
and eventually overseas. This is absorbing reading with a meticulously
researched background, plenty of intriguing sub-plots and a chilling overtone of
plausibility.

Brian Battison is a British crimewriter virtually unknown in North America but
if his third novel, Crisis Of Conscience, is anything to go by he'll soon be a
favorite with police procedural fans. His story, set in a small town in the east
Midlands, deals with the work, lives and problems of a small detective unit.
Someone is killing adulterous wives in the town, and for two of the detectives
this hits too close to home.

Battison deftly weaves the conflicts of personal lives and policing in a story
that reflects some aspects of contemporary British life. Along with extramarital
adventures, there's gay-bashing, vigilantes, excessive drinking, several kinds
of madness and a police station under siege by a crazed mob.

WORTH NOTING: Tangled Web, a new Hamilton-based audio publisher specializing in
mystery fiction, has launched its new line with two Sherlock Holmes cassette
sets : Tales Of Intrigue and Tales Of Suspense. Each runs about 2 1/2 hours,
contains three stories and retails for $19.95. They are read by Edward
Hardwicke, who plays Dr. Watson on the current PBS series.

*John North is co-editor of the mystery anthology Cold Blood V (Mosaic Press).
His review of crime fiction appears every other Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              349 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                           February 4, 2006, Saturday

..and the boss who thought he had 'em licked

BYLINE: Gary Imlach

SECTION: FEATURES; Books; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 992 words


On Super Bowl weekend, Gary Imlach finds that a study of the Baltimore Ravens
shows that access is only half the battle in understanding sport

FOR BASEBALL IN THE United States, like cricket in Britain, the title of
national pastime has become strictly honorary, the pair both long since eclipsed
by their countries' respective codes of football.

The National Football League (NFL) dwarfs its more ruminative older sibling in
most ways, leaving baseball with the consolation of being literature's sport. At
least that's how it's usually painted; football has the surface glamour and the
television ratings; baseball remains the game of national character, full of
depth and metaphoric potential.

All American life, we're told, can be found at the ballpark -almost literally in
the opening of Don DeLillo's epic Underworld. But DeLillo has written arguably
as well, and at greater length, about gridiron. End Zone, his strange and funny
college football novel, contains some of the best descriptions of a game as it
unfolds in designed mayhem around a player out on the field.

Friday Night Lights, H. G. Bissinger's true story of a Texas high school team,
is one of the great sports books of the past 20 years -a terrifying account of
small-town pride and venality channelled into a game played by children.
Football, with its brutality, celebrity and win-at-all-costs mentality, has as
much to say about modern America as baseball, perhaps more.

But the problem with getting beyond high school and college to the professional
game is one of access. That's where John Feinstein comes in, trailing George
Plimpton's ghost behind him.

Feinstein made his name 20 years ago with A Season on the Brink, the inside
story of a year with the Indiana University basketball team, and he's turned the
format into something of a franchise, most notably with golf on the US PGA Tour
in A Good Walk Spoiled.

For his latest book, Next Man Up, he spent 2004 with the NFL's Baltimore Ravens.

He addresses our craving to cross the player/spectator divide. The more slo-mo
angles, player-cams and star profiles that we're offered, the more we want to
follow the teams up the tunnel at the end of the game into the last meaningful
place from which we are still excluded.

But long before Feinstein made like a fly on his first locker room wall, George
Plimpton had gone one better. He didn't just get behind the scenes, he took
part.

His Paper Lion is the ultimate insider's account, a story of heroic futility in
which the Harvard graduate and founder of The Paris Review joins the Detroit
Lions' 1963 training camp to try out as a quarterback. If Plimpton didn't invent
participatory journalism, he perfected and popularised it; he's surely the only
common influence on the careers of Hunter S. Thompson and John Noakes.

Paper Lion is perhaps the one true classic of American football writing, and any
inside story that seeks shelf space beside it suffers in the comparison. Next
Man Up certainly does.

This is unfair, of course. Paper Lion has no equal in America partly for the
same reason that Hunter Davies's The Glory Game has none in Britain: the easy
access that Plimpton enjoyed in Detroit and that Davies was granted by Tottenham
Hotspur are gone.

Plimpton could wander into one of the dorm rooms at the Lions' training camp and
strike up a conversation with Dick "Night Train" Lane; the great cornerback
lying on his bed listening, endlessly and mournfully, to songs by his wife,
Dinah Washington, stacked on the record player that he'd brought from home.

Feinstein's introduction doesn't back away from the implied challenge: "My
access, as you will read, was pretty much complete." But celebrity is on a
different scale now. He may have been in the same locker room as Ray Lewis, the
Ravens' star linebacker, or Deion "Prime Time" Sanders, but he seems to have
bounced off their force field.

Less excusable is his lack of interest in finding a way past it. The book's
title refers to the brutal churn of bodies through the mincing- machine of an
NFL season. There are no guaranteed contracts in that league. With team rosters
limited to 45 active players, men are ruthlessly cut and re signed as injuries
and tactical need dictate. It's an interesting theme, but Feinstein muffs it.
This isn't a book about players, it's about management.

Its central character, the Ravens' head coach Brian Billick, works from a
self-help manual. His elaborate pre-game habits aren't superstition, he's
"ritual oriented". When he sits down, mid-season, to write a list of problems
facing his team there isn't a single sporting or tactical item on the agenda
-they're all personnel issues. This book could be filed just as easily in the
Business section as under Sport.

The football season offers Feinstein a ready-made narrative flow. But he's
forever interrupting it -imagine a film in which the action is paused to give us
the backstory of every walk-on character. The flatpack format and instruction
manual prose could be forgiven if they were in the service of a cracking story.

Unfortunately, the Ravens' 2004 season is a failure and not a particularly
interesting one.

I've stood on an NFL sideline and it's an electrifying experience. Feinstein has
pulled off the feat of being there, yet producing a book with the feel of
something pieced together after the fact. Plimpton got past security with his
outsider's sensibility intact. Feinstein's prose reads as though it passed
through the Ravens' press office on its way to the publisher.

Perhaps the tiredest analogy in sports writing is the one between American
football and war. Feinstein at least spares us that, but he unwittingly updates
it for the Iraq era: this may be the first sports book by an embedded reporter.

www.superbowl.com

NEXT MAN UP. By John Feinstein. Little, Brown, £ 17.99; 320pp. Times Books £
16.19 (free p&p) 0870 1608080. www.timesonline.co.uk/booksfirst

PAPER LION. By George Plimpton. The Lyons Press, £ 8.00; 380pp

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 2, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Crime Siege scenarios diverting

BYLINE: JOHN NORTH

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. L15

LENGTH: 745 words


Stormy Weather

By Carl Hiaasen

Random House, 336 pages, $ 32

Edge Of The City

By Dan Mahoney

McClelland & Stewart, 426 pages, $ 31.99

Crisis Of Conscience

By Brian Battison

McClelland & Stewart, 221 pages, $ 28.99

We all have a tendency to feel besieged in September. The lazy days of summer
are past and the pressure of a new school year and of impending winter are
starting. Here, then, are three diverting novels about different types of siege
situations.

In Stormy Weather Carl Hiaasen portrays a Florida under siege - its natural
beauty and wildlife at the mercy of a never-ending influx of tourists and
immigrants. Things get worse when a major hurricane levels many of the graceless
shopping plazas and cookie-cutter housing developments of the Miami area.
Fast-buck con-artists, fly-by-night renovators and scads of other out-of-state
predators descend on the bewildered population with the rapacity of starving
locusts.

Hiaasen has written five earlier crime novels (most recently Strip Tease) all
set in Florida. Two characters from earlier books, Skink (ex-State governor and
now eccentric ecological freedom fighter) and State Trooper Jim Tile (his
guardian angel), link up with some equally improbable newcomers for a non-stop
string of frenetic and outrageous activity set in the hurricane's wake.

The story features man-eating lions, satellite dish crucifixions, predatory
advertising executives, multiple impersonations, several killings (one by
crocodile) and a host of situations exploring the vast range of human greed and
venality.

This is vintage Hiaasen - a fast-paced parade of side-splitting black humor with
an edge of gloom and despair. Hiaasen must be careful not to take himself too
seriously since at times the parable almost overwhelms the entertainment with an
overly shrill message.

In his second novel, Edge Of The City, Dan Mahoney successfully combines
terrorism with the police procedural as he pits a retired New York detective
against Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), the Peruvian terrorist group holding
the city to ransom.

Brian McKenna (whose earlier encounter with the Shining Path was detailed in
Mahoney's first novel, Detective First Grade) is trying to settle down in
Florida with his expectant wife. Despite the endless golf, sunshine and
tranquillity, he still pines for the action of the Big Apple streets. The murder
of the New York Police Commissioner's son brings him back for the funeral, and
involves him in a complex plot of extortion and revenge masterminded by his
Shining Path adversaries.

The terrorists, financed by Colombian drug money, have managed to blockade the
city and hold it to ransom by controlling a key bridge and two ferries
containing multiple hostages. McKenna is given the temporary (his wife hopes)
appointment of Deputy Police Commissioner and given the task of outwitting the
terrorists.

His success depends on a complex blend of co-operation from federal agencies,
politicians and street cops as the story twists and turns throughout the city
and eventually overseas. This is absorbing reading with a meticulously
researched background, plenty of intriguing sub-plots and a chilling overtone of
plausibility.

Brian Battison is a British crimewriter virtually unknown in North America but
if his third novel, Crisis Of Conscience, is anything to go by he'll soon be a
favorite with police procedural fans. His story, set in a small town in the east
Midlands, deals with the work, lives and problems of a small detective unit.
Someone is killing adulterous wives in the town, and for two of the detectives
this hits too close to home.

Battison deftly weaves the conflicts of personal lives and policing in a story
that reflects some aspects of contemporary British life. Along with extramarital
adventures, there's gay-bashing, vigilantes, excessive drinking, several kinds
of madness and a police station under siege by a crazed mob.

WORTH NOTING: Tangled Web, a new Hamilton-based audio publisher specializing in
mystery fiction, has launched its new line with two Sherlock Holmes cassette
sets : Tales Of Intrigue and Tales Of Suspense. Each runs about 2 1/2 hours,
contains three stories and retails for $ 19.95. They are read by Edward
Hardwicke, who plays Dr. Watson on the current PBS series.

*John North is co-editor of the mystery anthology Cold Blood V (Mosaic Press).
His review of crime fiction appears every other Saturday.


LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              351 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 25, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Boston's Crooked Charmer

Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X3

LENGTH: 1219 words


THE RASCAL KING The Life and Times of James Michael Curley, 1874-1958

By Jack Beatty

Addison-Wesley. 571 pp. $ 25

JACK BEATTY'S uproarious biography of James Michael Curley no doubt will find
readers long after the bleats and whimpers of the 1992 political campaign have
faded from memory, but those readers are likely to be puzzled as they encounter
bits and pieces of that campaign in Beatty's narrative. Why, they will wonder,
does Beatty insist on dragging Barbara Bush into a discussion of Curley's first
wife, Mary? Why does he insist on drawing an unflattering parallel between
George Bush and Herbert Hoover? Why does he insist on waving once again the
soiled and tattered banner of Willie Horton? What does any of this have to do
with James Michael Curley?

The answer, of course, is: absolutely nothing. Beatty has used this biography of
a legendary Boston politician who died in 1958 to vent his spleen about the
politics of 1992. His editors should have stopped him, because his barbs and
innuendoes against George Bush diminish, rather than illuminate, his portrait of
Curley. Perhaps it is indeed true, as Bush seems hell-bent on proving, that all
politicians are rotten; but the parallels between Bush's story and Curley's are
otherwise essentially nonexistent, and Beatty's determination to manufacture
them injects a note of snide and irrelevant partisanship into his narrative.

This is all the more a pity because in virtually all other respects The Rascal
King is an exemplary political biography. It is thorough, balanced, reflective
and gracefully written. It is rooted in a deep knowledge of and affection for
Boston, both the city itself and the people who inhabit it. It establishes and
maintains a delicate equilibrium between tragedy -- Curley, the politician of
surpassing gifts, laid low by the tragic flaw of greed -- and comedy: Curley,
immortalized as Frank Skeffington by Edwin O'Connor in The Last Hurrah, staging
a grand, hilarious show no other American politico has ever matched.

Outside the wards of Boston and its suburbs Curley is by now a forgotten figure,
dimly remembered perhaps by a few who encounter him, in the guise of Spencer
Tracy, on late-night reruns of the highly sentimentalized film adaptation of
"The Last Hurrah." But in a political career that lasted more than half a
century he was a titanic figure. To be sure he was a provincial politician who
never achieved the national fame or notoriety of his contemporary Huey Long, but
he was larger than life. As Beatty writes of Curley as he began the first of his
four terms as mayor of Boston:

"On that stage he was a giant. The most resourceful, eloquent, energetic,
durable political personality of his time and place, he thwarted the ambitions
of the generations of politicians who had the bad luck to come of age in the
long Curley era. His personal qualities aside, he filled in those years a
political space -- 'urban populist' -- which fitted what pluralities and
sometimes majorities of Bostonians wanted from their mayor."

Curley was Boston Irish, the central fact of his life and career; everything
radiated from this, everything was touched by it, everything ultimately returned
to it. Heir to the traditions of a race that through much of its history had
been battered and despised by Englishmen, he appealed to "economic frustration
and class hatred, wounded pride and ethnic resentment, thwarted hope and
strangled aspiration," playing the politics of "hatred, envy and revenge." Yet
from that same tradition he learned the lesson that government exists to serve
the people, that there is room in the affairs of state for human sympathy and
kindness; he went into "the business of protecting people from illness, hunger,
homelessness and unemployment."

He was, as Beatty says, "a hero to break your heart." On the one hand he broke
the icy rule of the Back Bay Wasps and gave his fellow Irish cause for pride and
hope; on the other hand he betrayed his followers by indulging in an orgy of
venality and graft, the tangled details of which test the descriptive powers of
this most assiduous of biographers. Part savior and part shyster, he ruled
Boston as Crump ruled Memphis and Long ruled Louisiana, and with similar
results: small gains in the opportunities and comforts of ordinary people, paid
for with large losses in public confidence in the integrity of government.

At the end of his life, reincarnated as Frank Skeffington, Curley basked in "the
glow of his own fame as a funny, lovable, forgivably roguish last-of-a-kind."
Beatty's task is to turn down the glow. Though his affection for Curley is
self-evident, he has no patience with sentimentality, especially when its
beneficiary is a hypocrite whose thirst for private riches was all-consuming.
The Curley who emerges in these pages is scarcely an evil man, but neither is he
Spencer Tracy, cuddly and harmless. Curley did many good things but far more bad
ones; The Rascal King is his reckoning.

Curley was a compulsive candidate: "he ran for office as the rich play polo, in
season." He served, variously, as councilman, as alderman, as mayor, as
governor, as congressman. At times he held two offices simultaneously; at
others, he held office while residing in jail. He may well have been, as is
often said of him, the last of the old-fashioned bosses, but as Beatty astutely
observes, in his own upward progress he assured the extinction of his breed:

"Ironically, as mayor of Boston Curley would centralize in distant City Hall the
functions he performed as ward boss and thus render obsolete the form of
neighborhood government he had helped to perfect. The New Deal further
centralized those functions in remote Washington, rendering city bosses like
Curley obsolete. This change should not be confused with progress. The
experience of local self-government, even if it is not 'good' government, seems
to be necessary to make social policy work. Curley had to treat people as
potentially powerful; otherwise they might withhold their votes from him. They
were citizens, and the benefits they derived were contingent on their political
participation."

As Curley rose to exalted office and became entrenched therein, he completely
lost touch with his constituency. He was able to retain its loyalty through the
generous dispensation of favors, patronage and blarney, but as so often happens
to the eminent he became isolated in office. Surrounded by cronies and yes-men,
lavishly ensconced in a private residence built at public expense, he evolved
into a "political entrepreneur" whose sole end was the enrichment of himself.
Over the years the law managed to nail him on a couple of minor fraud charges,
but they scarcely nicked the veneer; his venality ran to the very depth of his
soul.

That he was, in his private affairs, both kind and tormented only makes his
story all the more sad. "There was," Beatty writes, "a conflict of essence
between the personal and the political." He was devoted to his family, and the
early deaths of so many of his children cast a positively Shakespearean shadow
across his story. Yet it remains that he chose to live his life in public and it
is by that life he must be judged. Compassion is in order, but so is candor; The
Rascal King is richly endowed with both.?


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, BOSTON MAYOR JAMES MICHAEL CURLEY IN 1922, FROM "THE RASCAL
KING"

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              352 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              May 6, 2001, Sunday

Whinger's guide to globalisation

BYLINE: Frank Fitzgibbon

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 544 words


THE SILENT TAKEOVER: Global Capitalism and the Death of Democracy. Noreena
Hertz. (William Heinemann, Pounds 12.99).

SHE helped set up the St Petersburg stock exchange, taught free-market economics
to Boris Yeltsin's spear carriers, worked for the World Bank advising the
Russian government on its reform programme, played a role in the Middle East
peace process and, at the age of 31, is associate director at the centre for
international business and management, University of Cambridge.

According to her publisher, Noreena Hertz has done it all, including a
television documentary. We missed that particular production, but if this book
is anything to go by then that failure on our part turned out to be a stroke of
good luck.

The Silent Takeover, while well-written, colourful and sometimes entertaining,
is one long whinge, full of hackneyed observations. It reads like a 212-page
Guardian editorial on the venality of politicians, the evils of big business and
the right-on credentials of concerned citizens.

Thatcher's music and Reagan's lyrics have created an ideological soundtrack for
most of the planet but Hertz wants to turn down the volume. She agrees that
"capitalism is clearly the best system for generating wealth" but this seems
merely an attempt at even-handedness. What Hertz really wants is capitalism on
her terms.

It is disappointing to read a book that promises so much and delivers so little.
The publishers claim The Silent Takeover "provides a new and startling take on
the way we live now". If they believe that then they need to get out more.

With the possible exception of a quote from Bhutan's king, Jigme Singye Wangchuk
-"gross national happiness is more important than gross national product" -there
is nothing in this book that is not already known to anybody with a passing
interest in business and current affairs. It has all been said before but, to
her credit, Hertz says it with style and with her telegenic looks she should be
in demand on the chat-show circuit.

Readers are reacquainted with familiar stories: Shell and Nigeria, Labour and
Ecclestone, Clinton and China, BP and Brent Spar, Monsanto and GM foods, Nike
and sweatshops, Chiquita and bananas. Only a fool would claim that capitalism is
perfect but incidents thrown together like this give a lopsided view of the
world.

Sure, big business can be brutal and even though some members of the club are
trying to clean up their act and become good corporate citizens, they are doing
so, says Hertz, not at the behest of governments but consumers.

With some companies taking on functions in Third World countries that are
properly the responsibility of government, Hertz asks: "Is it ideal that
corporations, rather than host governments, perform this role?" And the answer,
of course, is no. The business of business is business and when companies assume
social responsibilities it is always wise to assume ulterior motives.

Business is in the ascendancy because economic prosperity breeds complacency
among voters, reducing the relevance of politics. It will probably take a
serious economic downturn to reverse this trend, thereby satisfying Hertz's
demand that politicians "reclaim the state".

Frank Fitzgibbon


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Book of the week

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                              353 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              October 14, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

From steerage to suburbia in three generations Harp by John Gregory Dunne
General Publishing, 246 pages, $26.50

BYLINE: By Larry Fineberg

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. M12

LENGTH: 659 words


   John Gregory Dunne is the resident cyclops of the last half of our present
grim century. In fiction and essay, little of human frailty escapes his
ever-alert gaze. A lapsed Catholic, eager to measure our scorn, he pounces on
it, adder-like. In his novel True Confessions, a corrupt clergy lowered the
tired scales of justice; in Dutch Shea, Jr., contemporary American lawyers made
the legal denizens of Bleak House look like saints. In an infamous book about
Hollywood, The Studio, Dunne excoriated both the living and the dead.

It should be added that the man details our failings with grace, style and wit -
and with the malevolence of Ambrose Bierce. His taste for immersion in low-life
settings and riposte bespeaks a vision of consistent venality.

Now, in a kind of autobiography, Harp unshrouds, if not exactly an apologia for
Dunne's literate excursions underground, at least an attempt to say to the
reader, "this is who I am, and why." When it is interesting, it makes for
electric reading, but it is interesting for perhaps only an intermittent quarter
of its length.

AUTOBIOGRAPHY rarely lends itself to imagination and the flights of fancy found
in collected diaries or letters (the sheer genius-madness of Evelyn Waugh is a
perfect example), are not allowed here. What Dunne gives us is a superfluity of
definition. "I am a Harp, that is my history, Irish and Catholic, from steerage
to suburbia in three generations. Get mad and get even is the motto on the
standard I fly."

From here, we are led predictably to the writer as outsider, face pressed
against restaurant glass, looking in. Getting even by Dunne's usual standards
could be bracing, but here he meanders around the subject of his family, and how
relatives were ranked economically and socially. There are the usual schoolboy
stories of nuns with truncheons, although the occasional deft phrase like the
one describing one sister as having an IQ slightly lower than room temperature
almost keeps the pot of bile near boiling point.

Then, alas, fate seems to intervene. "The medical dyes shooting through my
arterial freeways were forced to make a detour around a major obstruction . . ."
Heart surgery and imminent death loom. This seems to be Dunne's cue to switch on
sentimentality and nostalgia, as he indulges at length in an account of a trip
to Ireland to trace those roots that will explain all. Dunne's gift for prose
deserts him. Ireland becomes, finally, banal. The family mysteries he reveals
were better invented in Dutch Shea, Jr.

Possibly some readers interest will be rekindled with Dunne's recollections of
his army days, but explicit familiarization with sex toys in Frankfurt goes on
too long to be ironic. There is other detail. A move from California to
Manhattan is advised against by all natives of that poisoned isle. And Dunne is
at his best in describing New York insularity and provinciality as it demands to
be heard. Happily, he and his wife, writer Joan Didion, resettle with little
trouble, and life goes on.

IN FACT, the kind doctors who had meted out almost certain death turn out to be
wrong. John Gregory is given, if not a clean bill of health, at least a
reprieve. And with this new lease on life, albeit a Manhattan lease, the closet
can reclaim the quirky relatives who will no doubt re-emerge in a novel,
unencumbered by shackles of truth.

Dunne's immigrant heritage and resultant inferiority complex, the facts now
taken care of, can simply strike out again, unfurled and sans apologia. It
should be added that there are still a few bon mals - Katharine Hepburn takes a
snappy put-down - worth searching for in Harp. But ultimately, Dunne's
celebrity-strewn world holds a lot less intrigue than the dark territory of his
fiction.

Larry Fineberg's new play, 'Tickle Me,' will be produced in April by 'Buddies In
Bad Times.' He is presently writing a TV movie and completing another play,
'Failure Of Nerve.'

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Johb Gregory Dunne

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              354 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Review: 'Casino Jack' rekindles anger at Abramoff

BYLINE: 'Casino Jack' a vexing Abramoff portrait

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Film; Movies

LENGTH: 528 words


Just when we thought we were benumbed to further indignation over how all those
greedy S.O.B.s got us into this mess, along comes "Casino Jack and the United
States of Money" to tick us off all over again.

Lobbyist-turned-prison-lodger Jack Abramoff was looking like a small fry amid
the colossal avarice and corruption that came to light as the economy fell off a
cliff. While we can't blame the recession on Abramoff, Alex Gibney's
comprehensively detailed documentary might make people wish they could.

The clutching, clawing venality "Casino Jack" exposes is infuriating, the
arrogance of Abramoff and his cronies symbolic of the
I'm-getting-mine-and-then-some recklessness that ruined the average guy's
finances.

Like any good story, the film has surprises and thrills, laughs and absurdities,
heroes and loads of villains. The story will leave you disturbed and disgusted,
though, and a bit overwhelmed by the amount of information director Gibney packs
in, his exhaustive portrait of Abramoff eventually becoming exhausting.

It's a good sort of tired, though; you can pat yourself on the back for sticking
with a tough subject, and you even feel a little smarter. But you're glad it's
over.

Gibney, whose films include "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room" and Academy
Award winner "Taxi to the Dark Side," spins another dense real-life drama about
the abuses of power.

Through archival footage and interviews with disgraced congressmen Tom DeLay and
Robert Ney and other former Abramoff associates, the film presents a detailed
account of the man's rise to supreme Washington influence peddler, living the
high life off the millions he charged Indian gaming interests and corporations
looking to buy favor with the nation's leaders.

It's heavy going, almost too much to absorb in places, but Gibney never lets his
film bog down for long. The life of Abramoff is too rich in goofiness, so
there's always a fresh chuckle coming   such as from images of College
Republicans leader Abramoff taking a sledgehammer to a mock Berlin Wall in the
1980s and footage of Dolph Lundgren in "Red Scorpion," the 1989 action thriller
Abramoff produced before he turned to lobbying.

Gibney met privately with Abramoff in prison, where he is doing time for wire
fraud, conspiracy and tax evasion. But the filmmaker got no on-camera access,
and that absence leaves a hole.

Gibney tries to lighten things up with clips from Hollywood films   "Patton,"
predictably "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington," surprisingly the baseball saga "The
Natural." The clips wind up trivializing the film a bit, particularly the
repeated snippets from "Mr. Smith."

Sure, it would be nice to hold up James Stewart's high-minded Senate newbie
Jefferson Smith as an idealized flip side to the Abramoffs and DeLays of
Washington. But after watching "Casino Jack," most of us probably would be
satisfied if our leaders were just a little corrupt   enough to prick a little,
but not enough to bleed us dry.'Casino Jack and the United States of Money'
b
DIRECTOR: Alex Gibney
WHERE: At the Shattuck in Berkeley, the Embarcadero in S.F. and the Camera 3 in
San Jose
RATING: R (for some language)
RUNNING TIME: 1 hour, 58 minutes

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Richard A. Bloom/Corbis, Magnolia Pictures Jack Abramoff poses in his
deli, Stacks in Washington, D.C., in 2004 in "Casino Jack and the United States
of Money."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Defending the Notorious, and Now Himself

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2475 words


IVAN S. FISHER, a prominent criminal defense lawyer in New York, has long
believed in doing whatever it takes to win a case, ''going to the line,'' as he
puts it -- the line between putting on an aggressive defense and an unethical
one.

In that spirit, he has vigorously represented notorious crime figures over four
decades, like defendants in the so-called French Connection and pizza connection
narcotics cases, and Jack Henry Abbott, the jailhouse writer who was befriended
by Norman Mailer and was charged in 1981 with murder after being released from
prison. In 2011, Mr. Fisher won an acquittal in a murder-for-hire trial.

There is nothing he loves to do more than practice law, Mr. Fisher, 69, said.
''My fantasy is to die during a summation,'' he said. ''I mean that sincerely.''

Instead, he finds himself suspended from practicing in New York City's federal
courts as a result of an investigation by a court grievance committee, which is
now considering a final penalty for violating a client's trust. The client, who
had been accused of embezzlement, said Mr. Fisher kept part of $250,000 that was
supposed to be paid as restitution to a company the client had victimized. Last
month, the federal court grievance committee concluded, ''Simply put, respondent
stole his client's money and has never repaid it.''

Mr. Fisher denies that he stole the money, although he acknowledges that his
behavior was ''very, very wrong.'' Still, he said, there was ''no venality'' to
his actions, and he believed that his client ''knowingly and willingly'' lent
him the money.

A separate state court disciplinary body is also reviewing his conduct in the
matter. Mr. Fisher, who may still practice in state court, said he was hopeful
that the committee's conclusions would be ''significantly different'' from the
federal court's.

It is not unheard of for New York lawyers to cross ethical boundaries or even to
be charged with crimes. Lynne F. Stewart was convicted in 2005 of supporting
terrorism after she passed communications from an imprisoned client, Sheik Omar
Abdel Rahman, to followers in Egypt. And in 2009, Francis X. Morrissey Jr., who
had done estate planning for the philanthropist Brooke Astor, was convicted on
fraud and conspiracy charges.

Mr. Fisher has not been charged with any crime. He says that in representing
clients, he is always careful about where ''the absolute line'' is. ''I'm
worried about it all the time when I'm near it,'' Mr. Fisher said. ''I don't
want to cross it. But on the other hand, I want to be as near to it'' as
required, he added.

Mr. Fisher, who was born in Brooklyn, graduated from Syracuse University and
obtained his law degree at Boston University in 1968. He recalled spending much
of his time as a law student reading about the nation's legendary criminal
defense lawyers, like Clarence Darrow and Earl Rogers. Who was Earl Rogers?
''Let me put it to you this way,'' he said. ''When Clarence Darrow was accused
of bribing a juror in California, he hired Earl Rogers.''

Early on, Mr. Fisher developed a reputation for representing clients in federal
narcotics cases. He was not bothered by his clientele. ''I don't pass judgment,
particularly on clients,'' he said.

In 1974, he won a key appellate ruling that was seen as a ''high-water mark'' in
affording constitutional protections to defendants abducted from overseas, said
Daniel C. Richman, a Columbia law professor. Mr. Fisher's client, Francisco
Toscanino, said he had been kidnapped and tortured in South America before being
brought back to New York to face drug charges.

In 1982, Mr. Fisher won an acquittal of a second-degree murder charge against
Mr. Abbott, the author of ''In the Belly of the Beast,'' whose cause Mr. Mailer
had championed. The lawyer argued that Mr. Abbott, who killed a waiter in the
East Village, had acted out of extreme emotional disturbance after years in
prison. Mr. Abbott was convicted of first-degree manslaughter; he later hung
himself in prison.

Mr. Fisher, meanwhile, became close to Mr. Mailer and his wife, Norris, until
their deaths. ''They became great friends,'' their son, John Buffalo Mailer,
recalled. ''Norman was really impressed and fascinated with how Ivan's mind
worked. I think he felt that if he had become a lawyer, he'd have been the kind
of lawyer that Ivan is in many ways.''

IN the ''pizza connection'' trial, Mr. Fisher defended a New York mafia boss
named Salvatore Catalano. The trial, which lasted 17 months, is still remembered
as one of the country's biggest, with 17 people convicted in an international
drug ring that used pizza parlors as fronts. The case was brought by Rudolph W.
Giuliani while he was the United States attorney in Manhattan; a lead trial
prosecutor was Louis J. Freeh, who later became director of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation.

The journalist Shana Alexander, in her book ''The Pizza Connection: Lawyers,
Money, Drugs, Mafia,'' offered an unforgettable description of Mr. Fisher, then
42 years old and weighing roughly 300 pounds, rising to give an opening
statement in October 1985:

''Pale, with longish black hair dribbling over his outsize shirt collar,
bearlike in bulk yet eel-like in movement, this almost six-and-a-half-foot-tall
man commands any room. His most frequent expression is an enigmatic Etruscan
smile that looks sometimes beatific, sometimes satanic. Fisher discharges
enormous kinetic energy, and he has bad knees.

''Together,'' she wrote, ''these give him the never-still, ever-rocking stance
of a tethered elephant.'' The jurors, meanwhile, ''already love'' him. ''They
sit upright in their seats; they smile at the swooping inflections of the boyish
voice.''

Andrew C. McCarthy, a prosecutor in the case, remembers his adversary as ''a
gifted lawyer who had a terrific manner with the jury,'' and who ''sliced and
diced'' (figuratively, of course) a government witness on cross-examination.

It was about six months after the trial that Mr. Fisher said he took a step that
brought him right to the ethical line. He received a call from Luigi
Ronsisvalle, a government witness who told Mr. Fisher that he wanted to recant
testimony that had helped convict Mr. Catalano.

Mr. Fisher met with Mr. Ronsisvalle in Ohio, where he was living, in two
sessions three days apart. Mr. Fisher took a sworn statement from Mr.
Ronsisvalle, and paid him $2,620 for what the witness said were hotel and other
expenses. Later, Mr. Ronsisvalle changed his story again, rendering his
recantation useless, but it was the payment that could have been problematic,
Mr. Fisher said, because of rules against buying a witness's testimony.

In order to document his interactions with the witness, Mr. Fisher said, he
invited a reporter for The New York Times, Ralph Blumenthal, to join him in the
meetings. Mr. Blumenthal recorded the sessions, and later, in a front-page
article, described the recantation and Mr. Fisher's giving the cash to Mr.
Ronsisvalle.

''I want to be clear here,'' Mr. Fisher was quoted as telling Mr. Ronsisvalle.
''Before you and I said one word about any money you told me you were going to
change your testimony about Catalano.''

''Why did I feel I could do that?'' Mr. Fisher recalled recently. ''Because
every single witness the government put on had been paid something. Typically,
they call it moving expenses,'' he added, ''but nevertheless money is
exchanged.''

Mr. Fisher's retainer in the case was reported to have been about $500,000, and
Mr. Blumenthal's article described him as ''one of the nation's most
sought-after and highly paid criminal lawyers.'' Mr. Blumenthal, who has since
retired as a Times reporter, recalled Mr. Fisher once told him that ''every law
school graduate should practice standing in front of the mirror and saying with
a straight face, 'My retainer is $100,000.' ''

IN 2000, Mr. Fisher took the concept of ''going to the line'' even further,
invoking it in the trial of a client who also happened to be a lawyer.

The lawyer, Jeffrey Cohn, had been charged with conspiring to lie to prosecutors
about whether one of his clients, a jailed heroin dealer, had improperly bought
information about a drug shipment that would be offered to the government in
return for a reduced sentence.

Mr. Fisher told the jury that Mr. Cohn had done what lawyers must do for their
clients -- ''to go to the absolute edge of the envelope for you every time.''

''Whether the process smells like perfume or garbage is irrelevant,'' Mr. Fisher
said. ''You take the money. You defend the client. Period.''

During cross-examination of a government witness, Mark F. Pomerantz, a defense
lawyer who had also been a prosecutor, Mr. Fisher pressed him about how hard he
represented his clients. ''To the letter of the law?'' Mr. Fisher asked.

''Correct,'' Mr. Pomerantz said.

''Not beyond it, but right up to that line, whatever it was?'' Mr. Fisher
continued.

Mr. Pomerantz replied that he advocated zealously but that he also ''tried to
leave some room for my clients' safety at times.''

Mr. Fisher, during his summation, cited Mr. Pomerantz's response and suggested
that his client, Mr. Cohn, was a lawyer who was ''willing to take it to the
line.''

Mr. Cohn was eventually acquitted.

''He's a very capable lawyer with an extremely big personality, who can
effectively take over a courtroom,'' said Steven R. Peikin, a prosecutor in the
Cohn trial who is now in private practice. He added that Mr. Fisher was a
skilled cross-examiner and a charming presence before the jury. ''Frankly, the
guy beat the pants off me,'' he said.

Mr. Pomerantz, also looking back at the case, said Mr. Fisher was correct that
there was ''a tension between keeping some safe distance between what a lawyer
does for a client and what the law permits you to do, and fighting as hard as
possible for the client's interest.''

Theoretically, he continued, a lawyer should do as Mr. Fisher suggested, ''go
right up to the line.''

''But perhaps his own career illustrates as well as anything,'' Mr. Pomerantz
added, ''that when you come very close to the line, it's easy to commit a foot
fault, and in our business, those foot faults carry grave consequences.''

Stephen Gillers, a legal ethics professor at the New York University School of
Law, said the notion of a line was pure public relations.

''Very often there is no line,'' he said. ''The image that lawyers promote is
that the line is as clear as the line down the center of the interstate: that
you know when you're over it. But it's not. It's wobbly. It's vague. It moves.
It changes as the courts keep refining the borders. And you often don't know
where the limits are.''

TODAY, Mr. Fisher is diminished physically and professionally: he has lost about
an inch in height, and weighs 220 pounds. He has in recent years undergone
hospitalizations and surgeries, including for spinal stenosis and hip
replacements. And where he once had his offices in the former Iranian consul
general's residence on the Upper East Side and later lived and practiced from a
town house on East 61st Street, he now lives in a hotel in Midtown, where he
sees clients in a conference room.

And it seems the person that Mr. Fisher is defending most strenuously these days
is himself; two former clients have complained that he betrayed their trust.

One complaint came from an Afghan drug lord, Haji Bashir Noorzai, who was
convicted in 2008 in Federal District Court in Manhattan and sentenced to life
in prison. Before the trial began, Mr. Fisher wrote to Mr. Noorzai in jail,
saying that a source had offered to sell him 40,000 pages of documents for
$200,000; Mr. Fisher said the material ''flatly contradicts'' the government's
position about certain assurances Mr. Noorzai had claimed he received and that
led him to come to the United States.

Mr. Fisher added in the letter that although there were no guarantees, he could
say with ''great confidence'' that ''the evidence that is being offered to us
will in fact lead to your release.'' He suggested that would occur either in the
district court or on appeal.

Mr. Noorzai said he paid Mr. Fisher the money, but Mr. Fisher never obtained the
documents or used them at trial. The lawyer replied in an affidavit that he did
procure the documents, and summarized them extensively in a pretrial motion
seeking dismissal of the charges, which a judge denied.

Mr. Fisher contends he was always ''straight'' with Mr. Noorzai, who, he said,
paid him more than $1 million in legal fees. As for the $200,000 purchase, Mr.
Fisher said it was ethical because he was buying documents, not testimony.
Professor Gillers, the legal ethics expert, agreed, saying the ethics rules do
not forbid paying for information.

But it was the second complaint, involving a restitution payment, that brought
Mr. Fisher to the precipice. In 2007, the client, Ebrahim Raphael, in an effort
to win leniency at sentencing, gave Mr. Fisher $250,000 to be paid as
restitution to the International Gemological Institute, which had been the
victim of a money-laundering scheme.

But Mr. Fisher did not immediately give the money to the institute, according to
a report by a magistrate judge, Henry B. Pitman, who investigated the matter as
part of the federal court's grievance process. Instead, Mr. Fisher told Mr.
Raphael that he had used some of the money for personal expenses, and that he
needed an additional $50,000, which Mr. Raphael also lent him, the report says.

Mr. Fisher ultimately gave the institute $120,000, but he still owed it
$130,000, plus $50,000 to Mr. Raphael. Eventually, the lawyer was reported to
the disciplinary authorities.

Judge Pitman concluded that Mr. Fisher had ''misappropriated his client's
funds'' and lied to him ''about the status of the restitution payment.''

The court's grievance committee said on Dec. 10 that it had accepted Judge
Pitman's findings, and was considering a final sanction. One judge partly
dissented, saying, ''Evidence of a venal intent'' did not rise to the standard
for a finding of dishonesty.

Michael S. Devorkin, a lawyer for the International Gemological Institute, said
it had pursued a grievance because it saw Mr. Fisher ''as a big risk to clients
and to the courts.''

''We didn't do this with any kind of desire to hurt him,'' Mr. Devorkin said.
''It was our duty and because our client was badly injured and the public was
threatened by this risk.''

What has made the findings so devastating for Mr. Fisher, he said, is that he
has long prided himself on having a relationship of trust and honesty with
clients. As he explains in a video on his Web site, ''I say to clients often,
'Don't trust me with your money if you cannot trust me with your truth.' ''

He portrayed his temporary suspension in the federal courts of New York as ''a
renunciation of everything I've done.''

''I cannot begin to tell you the depth of the pain,'' he said. ''This is the
passion of my life.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/06/nyregion/ivan-fisher-defender-of-the-notorious
-and-now-himself.html

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: TROUBLE: Ivan S. Fisher has been suspended from practicing law
in New York City's federal courts. At left, Mr. Fisher defended Jack Henry
Abbott, a jailhouse writer championed by Norman Mailer, at his murder trial in
1982. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY JAMES ESTRIN/THE NEW YORK TIMES
ANDREW SAVULICH) (MB1)
HIGH PROFILE: Above, the ''pizza connection'' trial, at which Ivan S. Fisher
defended Salvatore Catalano, in black tie. Clockwise from far left, Luigi
Ronsisvalle, a witness, with Mr. Fisher
Haji Bashir Noorzai, who complained about Mr. Fisher
and Norman Mailer, with whom the lawyer was close. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARILYN
CHURCH
RALPH BLUMENTHAL/THE NEW YORK TIMES
U.S. DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION
 JACK MANNING/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (MB6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              356 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            MAIL ON SUNDAY (London)

                              July 26, 2009 Sunday

BYLINE: THEATRE REVIEW BY ROBERT GORE-LANGTON **

LENGTH: 766 words


ENRON

CHICHESTER FESTIVAL THEATRE

2HRS 50MINS (INCLUDING INTERVAL)

THE GRAPES OF WRATH

MINERVA THEATRE, CHICHESTER

3HRS (INCLUDING INTERVAL)

Lucy Prebble's gripping new play, Enron, is about one of the great corporate
rip-offs of all time. Enron was the Texan energy company that grew to be the
seventh largest corporation in America, employing 21,000 people worldwide.

It was also a giant scam: the bosses cooked the books, concealing a web of
deception and concealed debt. It was only a matter of time before the company
collapsed, leaving the investors (many of them minnows, represented by a humble
security guard in the play) penniless.

It was all down to the greed and venality of a few creeps at the top. Namely
Jeffrey Skilling, the nerdy chief executive (Samuel West), and the company's
founder Ken Lay (Tim Pigott-Smith), a golfing Texan with a big handshake.

Prebble's play ñ and hats off to her ñ gets a fabulous treatment from the
creatives: director Rupert Goold, designer Anthony Ward and the choreographers.
The result is an eye-socking, mad cabaret of flickering stock prices, neon
cityscapes, ticker-tape blizzards and floor traders gyrating with adrenaline.

This business satire has an almost Jacobean feel to it. The human cast mingle
with a bestiary of animals, including three giant mice, blind with greed. Down
in the basement is a pack of hideous raptors, dollar bills protruding from their
chops. It's these inventive imaginings that make this play so fresh and
unexpected.

But it's the giddy intoxication of nonexistent money that the play homes in on.
When Skilling is running on a treadmill, the daft line from the 1986 film Top
Gun sprung to mind: 'Son, your ego is writing cheques your body can't cash.'

The actors have a lovely time. West as Skilling is wonderfully shifty, with a
nasty cowlick and padding, which he sheds in the second act as he starts to
really sweat. Pigott-Smith has an avuncular, absent air as Ken Lay, who died
before the trial began.

Andy Fastow (Enron's financial controller) is played by an entertainingly
freaked-out Tom Goodman-Hill, and Amanda Drew is sexy as Claudia Row, Skilling's
thwarted corporate rival and lover.

The rest of the company double up as reporters, traders, senators and even the
jabbering Lehman brothers, who save money by sharing a single suit. The jailed
financier Bernie Madoff may hope in vain for a play about him half as good as
this one.

--

The Grapes Of Wrath, about an earlier generation that were the victims of
corporate greed, goes at a calmer pace. Indeed, the adaptation of John
Steinbeck's novel has a fine old jalopy on stage in which the Joad family, who
have been kicked off their land in the Great Depression, head West, in search of
a better future.

We trundle with them down Route 66, through scenes of grinding poverty, death,
desertion, violence and a mighty flood. The set is a decayed farmstead with a
river downstage in which the actors occasionally dunk themselves. A billboard
shows adverts ('California ñ the land of milk and honey'), a cruel contrast to
the Joads' experiences as they are beaten by police and ripped off by labour
racketeers.

The rugged 'a man's gotta do' dialogue feels as dated as a John Wayne film. But
it's a powerful piece of storytelling and full of righteous anger on behalf of
these starving economic migrants. It's really the tragic flip side of the
musical Oklahoma!

Christopher Timothy is a dogged Pa Joad. Oliver Cotton is memorable as Casy, the
preacher-turnedunionleader. As Ma Joad, Sorcha Cusack exudes a grandma's
stoicism. As for the rebellious Tom Joad (played by a smouldering Henry Fonda in
the John Ford film), Damian O'Hare holds his own.

The trouble is that 80 years on it looks a bit like a depressed episode of The
Waltons. The actors' Yankee accents are all over the shop ñ and infectious. It's
hard not to get up at the interval and rasp: 'I gotta gets me a doggone
choc-ice.'

Director Jonathan Church generally gets good mileage from John Galati's
adaptation, seen in London 20 years ago. But, as with this theatre's recent
staging of Nicholas Nickleby, the show does feel a wee bit microwaved.

It is, however, beautifully lit and comes with folksy music by John Tams, whose
specially composed songs lend a lovely period twang.

There is no shortage of atmospherics: rain lashes the stage in great curtains of
Depression-era misery. In the final moment we see a young mother, her baby dead,
offering her breast to a starving old man.

It's an image of almost religious power during an evening which, if you've the
stamina, pays dividends. Unlike the Enron Corporation.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2009 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 27, 2005 Friday

Quick payoff

BYLINE: by Alain Sherter and Jeffrey Kanige

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 935 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ignoring the root causes of corporate venality, and difficult
deliberations in Birmingham.


In its 2004 proxy BearingPoint Inc. includes, in a section titled "overall
compensation philosophy and objectives," the following statement:

"The company has an overall compensation program and specific compensation plans
that are designed to enhance corporate performance and stockholder value by
aligning the financial interests of its executives with those of its
stockholders. This linkage is established by tying a significant portion of
executive compensation to the company's financial performance."

Sounds sensible enough. And indeed corporate proxies across the land are replete
with similarly sober pledges to align the interests of executives and
shareholders.

The problem comes when companies reduce these vows to confetti. That's pretty
much what BearingPoint, a McLean, Va., management consulting firm, did in
announcing this week that it was effectively discharging chief financial officer
Joseph Corbett after only four months on the job.

Under his compensation package, Corbett, formerly the CFO at Intelsat, will
collect a lump-sum payment of $800,000, including a base salary of $500,000 and
a bonus of $300,000. That comes to $6,153.84 per day for Corbett's 18-week stint
at the company. Actually, it could amount to more than that because, according
to BearingPoint spokesman John Schneidawind, he's also entitled to immediately
cash in "a certain portion" of the 200,000 stock options the company awarded
him.

Of course, those options may not add up to much. BearingPoint shares nose-dived
in April after the company disclosed that securities regulators were
investigating its accounting practices. The company also warned it could run out
of money, which raises questions about a "philosophy" in which short-timers are
handed piles of cash.

BearingPoint, it must be said, has a good explanation for why Corbett had to go.
The company's new CEO, Harry You, wants his own person as CFO.

"Harry and I together decided that the challenges facing BearingPoint require
that Harry have a CFO of his own choosing," Corbett said in a statement.

Fair enough. And in truth this little episode, which doesn't appear to have
raised even a whisper on BearingPoint's message board, is more interesting for
what it says about the insane compensation practices in corporate America today
than as evidence of mismanagement at the company. Insane not because this or
that executive is undeserving of their outsized rewards - that's almost always a
judgment call. No, the lunacy comes in seeking to link an exec's pay to the
company's performance by ensuring a fat payout, not to mention all sorts of
fringe goodies (see below), regardless of how the company's sales are waxing or
waning.

This goes beyond the usual discussion of whether stock options, which in the
1980s lit the fuse on corporate pay, work to align the interests of company
insiders and investors. It has to do with deeper cultural, ethical and, yes,
perhaps even philosophical questions. That means they're unlikely to get sorted
out any time soon.

Even as corporate scandals continue to irradiate us with their fallout, the
impact of executive compensation - a root cause of that criminality - is, like a
philosophy without believers, ignored.

- A.S.

Other notes from the Scrushy jury

"We cannot unanimously agree on a verdict," the jury, made up of seven men and
five women, wrote Tuesday afternoon in a note to Judge Karon O. Bowdre, the
federal judge overseeing the trial of Mr. Scrushy, the former chief executive of
the HealthSouth Corporation, a large chain of rehabilitation hospitals. "We need
an explanation in layman's terms," the note continued. "We would like your
explanation in private, if possible."

- The New York Times, May 26

Judge Bowdre:

We cannot unanimously agree on what to have for lunch. We need an explanation in
layman's terms of the menu from the Thai place. Do we get steamed rice even if
we don't order a special of the day?

- The Jury

Judge Bowdre:

Jurors 6 and 11 are locked in a dispute and we need you to settle it. Juror No.
6 insists that Bill Mazeroski hit his game-winning home run against the Yankees
in the 1960 World Series off Ralph Terry. Juror No. 11 says the pitcher was Ryne
Duren. Who is right? Ten bucks is riding on your answer.

- The Jury

Judge Bowdre:

Half of us say plastic; the other half say paper. Weird, huh?

- The Jury

Judge Bowdre:

Juror No. 9 has bad breath. Juror No. 2 wants to just come right out and tell
him to do something about it because he is making her sick. Juror No. 10 thinks
it would be better if one of us just casually asks him if he wants a breath
mint. Juror No. 2 says, well, what if he doesn't take it? Juror No. 10 says
don't worry, he'll get the hint. What should we do? We would like your
explanation in private, if possible.

- The Jury

Judge Bowdre:

Three jurors think we should be addressing these notes to "Your Honor" rather
than "Judge Bowdre." Personally, I think you would prefer something more
informal, such as "Karrie." Which is it?

- The Jury

Your Honor:

What happens if we can't agree on whether we should open the windows? Some
jurors say the air conditioning is too cold, and the rest say they should just
wear sweaters. I say, this is Alabama, you moron, nobody wears sweaters here in
May. The question is this: Do you have any extra robes we could borrow?

- The Jury

Your Honor:

Juror No. 10 points out that as the judge, you should tell Juror No. 9 about his
breath. Maybe the bailiff could do it?

- The Jury

Your Honor:

We have unanimously agreed that Carrie Underwood deserved to win the American
Idol vote. Just thought you'd like to know that we could agree on something.

- The Jury n

- J.K.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2005 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              358 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                              April 1, 2012 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

Top cop too hot to drop

BYLINE: JONATHAN DAWSON

SECTION: SUNDAY; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 478  words


The Drop by Michael Connelly Allen & Unwin, $32.99

MICHAEL Connelly has an unrivalled reputation for razor sharp and brilliantly
complex plotting. For a long time, the saturnine Detective Harry Bosch was his
southern Californian leading man and a brilliant, endlessly evolving character.

Connelly's books are equally -- and powerfully -- about venality and mortality.
No wonder then that his latest novels have swung between his long-time focus,
that eternally tired but utterly unstoppable hound of heaven Detective Harry
Bosch, and Mickey Haller, that Lincoln Lawyer with one eye on Hollywood and one
on the slow but hastening decline and fall of the justice system itself.

This time Harry's back, but it's his own decline and fall we may be about to
witness. He's settled into the Open-Unsolved Unit, where all the team hope for
as they investigate cases going back 50 years and more is a ``cold hit'' --
where some dazzling new technology (like DNA) can match old evidence with
someone who, just maybe, had thought they'd literally got away with murder.

It's a nice conceit: dogged Harry, now mellowed with the arrival in his house of
his teenage daughter Maddie. He settles down in the archives like a retired
professor. Well it would be if not for the arrival of a DNA result from a long
ago thrill-kill that points straight at a murderer who must have been, what, all
of eight when he left his blood at the scene of a particularly nasty beachside
murder. Someone has slipped up -- or is it time for Harry's famous lateral
thinking to click into gear?

Life would be a series of teasing puzzles like this one, except that an old
enemy swims like a hungry shark into Harry's purview: Councillor Irving's son
has apparently just leapt from the Chateau Marmont and the audible splat leaves
far too many unanswered questions. Harry is dragged into this unwanted
investigation sure that he's either been set up for a fall or expected, as
resident LAPD genius, to smooth over a whole file of buried histories. It's high
jingo all the way -- Connelly's new favourite phrase -- signifying corruption
and connivance in high places. And Harry needs all the friends he can get.

The Drop (which refers very specifically to Harry's impending exit from the
LAPD) is a brilliant and intricate piece of work from Connelly, a novelist
somehow able to conjure castles of woven whole cloth from nothing and keep it
all fresh.

After the tragic shemozzle of Jo Nesbo's latest Harry Hole tale, The Phantom,
can Harry Bosch remain last man standing in the complex, conflicted sleuth
stakes?

Because you care about this driven, obsessive man, The Drop is so much more than
a police procedural. It's part of what seems in retrospect like an entire life
saga and an alternative history of modern LA -- its people, its institutions,
its ragged cops and, above all, its craziest and deadliest crims.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Morning Star

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday

Culture - Hell on Death Row;
Exonerated Experience, Riverside Studios, London. Len Phelan hears the testimony
of pardoned survivors of Death Row in a scathing portrait of rough justice in
the US

LENGTH: 484 words


The US constitution pledges "justice for all." Just how far away this is from
contemporary reality in the land of the free is tellingly demonstrated in The
Exonerated, a superb example of verbatim theatre now on at London's Riverside
Studios.

Based on interviews, court transcripts and letters with survivors of Death Row,
the play by Jessica Blank and Erik Jensen has its genesis in research conducted
with more than 100 people all over the US who were given the death penalty and
later pardoned.

On the evidence of this current production - there are changes to the
star-studded US and British cast every week - it's not hard to see why it has
gained so many plaudits in Los Angeles, New York and Edinburgh.

Using only the words of their interviewees, Blank and Jensen have produced a
compelling and instructive piece.

We follow the lives of six people, a disparate group of white and black men and
women, mostly from the underclass - poor whites, blacks, "trailer park trash."
What they have in common is that they were all unjustly accused of murder and
sentenced to death.

Through racism, police venality and, in some instances, the sheer
bloodthirstiness of a prosecuting attorney, they end up in Death Row limbo
awaiting execution - in one instance for 16 years.

The privations, violence and degradation of these experiences are eloquently and
movingly re-enacted.

Under Bob Balaban's direction, the excellent ensemble of 10 actors, picked out
by spotlights on a bare stage, recount these stories with a restraint and
understatement which make them all the more affecting.

What is extraordinary - maybe time and distance from the events lend a degree of
objectivity - is that there is no rancour and even a wry humour in some of these
accounts.

One of the most thought-provoking is that of Sunny (Gina McKee), a hippy-dippy
type who, along with her husband Jesse, was wrongly accused of murdering two
policemen.

Broke, they were unable to buy the legal "dream team" required for their defence
and, to compound matters, fell foul of the notorious plea bargaining system.

The real culprit framed her and Jesse. Even though he later confessed to the
crimes, Sunny spent years in Death Row limbo, but at least she eventually walked
free.

Her husband didn't. It took 13 minutes for him to be fried to death on a
malfunctioning electric chair.

The Exonerated only lasts 90 minutes, but it packs an extraordinary emotional
punch.

And, in the era of Guantanamo, the words of Delbert (William Jay Marshall), who
was wrongly convicted of homicide and rape, certainly resonate. "It is not easy
to be open or too curious. It is dangerous to dwell too much on things, to
wonder why or who or when, to wonder how, is dangerous. How do we, the people,
get outta this hole, wha's the way to fight?"

Essential viewing, not least for anyone with ambivalence towards the death
penalty.

Plays until June 11. Box office: (020) 8237-1111.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 People's Press Printing Society Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           August 13, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

8 Are Arrested in Brooklyn After 2 Fraud Schemes Fail

BYLINE:  By DIANE CARDWELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 789 words


The cosmetics business was not as big as they said it was. The chief executives
of one of the largest companies on Long Island lied about that to borrow more
money, and defrauded investors, prosecutors say.

On the verge of getting caught, the men hit upon Perfect Solution No. 1: burn
down their Brooklyn warehouse, collect $100 million in insurance, and hide the
fact that much of the inventory at the family-run health-and-beauty-aids
distributor may never have existed, according to a federal complaint.

But what Victor Jacobowitz and his three sons, Herman, Jacob and Aaron, did not
count on was that the fire would be ruled arson, and that insurers would balk at
making payment. In trouble, the complaint says, two of the sons hit upon Perfect
Solution No. 2: bribe a fire marshal to change the arson to an accident.

Yesterday, the Jacobowitzes -- members of a prominent family from Williamsburg,
Brooklyn -- and four accomplices were arraigned on charges of fraud and bribery
before Magistrate Steven M. Gold at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn.

Victor and Herman Jacobowitz were released on $10 million bonds, wearing
electronic surveillance bracelets, while Jacob and Aaron were detained pending a
bail hearing tomorrow. Three other defendants, Irvin Brown, Jacob Fekete and
Sholem Klein, were each released on a $1 million bond, and a fourth, Nachman
Lichter, was held in custody.

"The defendants in today's complaints are charged with schemes whose venality,
corruption and willful disregard for public safety staggers the imagination,"
said United States Attorney Roslynn R. Mauskopf at a news conference announcing
the charges.

According to prosecutors, Victor, Herman and Jacob Jacobowitz had been, along
with other family members, the controlling shareholders of Allou Healthcare,
which distributed health and beauty products to stores like Wal-Mart, CVS and
Rite Aid, since 1985. Although Aaron Jacobowitz was not a company employee, he
controlled related corporations, one complaint charges.

The essence of the scheme was to inflate by hundreds of millions of dollars the
amount of the company's sales and inventory in order to borrow increasing
amounts of money from a group of banks, prosecutors charge. Mr. Brown's alleged
role was to create a computer system that allowed the company to have two sets
of books.

By March of this year, prosecutors said, Allou had borrowed about $195 million
against its credit line. The borrowed money was allegedly funneled into several
companies operated by members of the Jacobowitz family for phantom purchases,
and part of it channeled back to pay for bogus merchandise, according to the
complaint.

But as loans came due and what prosecutors have labeled a house of cards began
to collapse, the men concocted a scheme to burn down their Brooklyn warehouse,
although Ms. Mauskopf said that that matter was still under investigation. That
fire, in September 2002, took more than 200 firefighters about 15 hours to
extinguish, and was ruled intentional, started at four points with a combustible
material, said Louis Garcia, the city's chief fire marshal.

As a result, the men were unable to collect the insurance and the company
defaulted on its loans. In April, as the scheme unraveled, prosecutors said,
Allou and its subsidiaries were forced into bankruptcy and trading in its stock
was halted. The bankruptcy cases are pending in federal bankruptcy court on Long
Island and the roughly six million shares of Allou common stock held by
investors is practically worthless, officials said.

Meanwhile, the men were at work on what prosecutors portray as a brazen and
desperate move: the men offered a senior fire marshal $100,000 to issue a false
report declaring the fire accidental. According to the complaint, Mr. Fekete
worked with Aaron Jacobowitz, Mr. Klein and Mr. Lichter to accomplish the
scheme.

Posing as a corrupt city official, a supervising fire marshal told Mr. Fekete
that to fix the report, they would have to fabricate evidence that the fire was
accidental. For this, the complaint says, the men would have to burn four space
heaters and plant them in the warehouse to make it seem that they were the cause
of the fire. The men ultimately paid the undercover marshal half of the promised
money, prosecutors said.

If convicted, the men charged in the corporate fraud complaint face a maximum
sentence of 30 years in prison, forteiture and possible fines of $1 million.
Those charged in the bribery scheme face a maximum of five years and fines of
$250,000.

In Williamsburg, members of the Hasidic community were quick to speak out in
support of Victor Jacobowitz, whom they described as well known for giving away
huge sums of money, to organizations and individuals.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: United States Attorney Roslynn R. Mauskopf announced eight
arrests yesterday with Fire Commissioner Nicholas Scoppetta. (Photo by Ozier
Muhammad/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              361 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 7, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Far Beyond 'Playhouse,' Artist Remains Playful

BYLINE: By ANDY WEBSTER

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; MOVIE
REVIEW; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 539 words


The creativity grows like kudzu in ''Beauty Is Embarrassing,'' Neil Berkeley's
enlightening and often hilarious portrait of the Los Angeles artist Wayne White.
And it yields a thousand blossoms. Mr. White, an Emmy-winning puppeteer for
''Pee-wee's Playhouse,'' has had his share of career dips, only to arrive as a
popular painter of some very amusing canvases. Tracing his evolution, the film
gets at larger issues -- about imagination, relationships and laughter.

Mr. White, born and raised in Chattanooga, Tenn., came to New York City from
Middle Tennessee State University in 1981 with a gift for cartooning and
puppetry. He later found himself among the formidable brain trust behind
''Playhouse,'' Paul Reubens's blazingly original Saturday morning kids' show on
CBS between 1986 and 1990.

''Playhouse'' contributors -- Mr. Reubens, the artist Gary Panter and the
musician Mark Mothersbaugh -- recount the show's hothouse of invention,
especially during its first season, when it was shot in a Manhattan loft. Mr.
White designed and provided voices for some of the marionettes, including the
musician Dirty Dog and the troublemaker Randy. A documentary highlight is
priceless backstage footage taken at the time by Mr. White. ''Playhouse,'' he
has said, ''was a downtown New York art project on TV.''

But life after ''Playhouse'' -- Mr. White followed the show to Los Angeles --
had its challenges. Despite award-winning work in music videos (the Smashing
Pumpkins, Peter Gabriel), he struggled in children's TV (''Beakman's World,''
''Shining Time Station''). Then he found his own answer to Warhol's Brillo
boxes: wry, droll or superficial statements, often comments on the South or the
venality of Hollywood (''Maybe Now I'll Get the Respect I So Richly Deserve''),
scrambled on a canvas or meticulously emblazoned across cheesy landscape
paintings. The Los Angeles restaurant Fred62 displayed the pictures, and soon
the designer Todd Oldham was inspired to assemble a monograph of Mr. White's
work. ''Bang!'' Mr. White says. ''I'm in the art world, just like that.''

There are other forces sustaining Mr. White: his wife, the graphic novelist Mimi
Pond, and their children; his banjo and harmonica; and his connections to the
South. Seeing Mr. White parading in an oversize Lyndon B. Johnson head mask or
assembling a giant puppet with his Tennessee buddy Mike Quinn, we appreciate the
liberating, delirious joy of creativity.

But this exuberant documentary's most affecting message concerns a timelessly
profound verity: the value of roots, humor, family and old friends.

Beauty Is Embarrassing

Opens on Friday in Manhattan.

Directed by Neil Berkeley; written by Mr. Berkeley, Chris Bradley and Kevin
Klauber; directors of photography, Mr. Berkeley and Mr. Bradley; edited by Mr.
Bradley; music by Tim Rutili; produced by Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bradley, Morgan
Neville and Milan Erceg; released by Future You Pictures. At the IFC Center, 323
Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street, Greenwich Village. Running time: 1 hour
27 minutes. This film is not rated.

PHOTOS: Mr. White in the film.; Wayne White in an oversize mask of Lyndon B.
Johnson in ''Beauty Is Embarrassing,'' about Mr. White's career. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
FUTURE YOU PICTURES)

URL:
http://movies.nytimes.com/2012/09/07/movies/beauty-is-embarrassing-directed-by-n
eil-berkeley.html

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              362 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 7, 2005 Monday

GOP's best friend could be its nightmare;
Lobbyist Jack Abramoff helped fuel conservative successes, but his dealings
could lead to powerful ethical fallout.

BYLINE: Jeff Shields, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1322 words


Lobbyist Jack Abramoff was not at the Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing
last week, but he was the central topic, as Congress continued to probe what
some call one of this generation's most outrageous political scandals.

It was J. Steven Griles' turn to testify Wednesday, but it could have been any
number of people.

Griles, a former Interior Department deputy, was called to address suggestions
that Abramoff had improperly influenced his federal work. Griles, who denies
wrongdoing, is just the latest in a line of Republican officials and
conservative leaders to be linked to Abramoff, who has been accused of mocking
the laws that govern money and influence in American politics.

The hearing was a sharp reminder that while White House aides Karl Rove and I.
Lewis "Scooter" Libby dominate the headlines, Abramoff remains - according to
some observers - the Republican Party's most dangerous problem.

"I don't think we have had something of this scope, arrogance and sheer venality
in our lifetimes," Norman J. Ornstein, resident scholar at the conservative
American Enterprise Institute, wrote recently. "It is building to an explosion,
one that could create immense collateral damage within Congress and in coming
elections."

Abramoff and his friends are some of the biggest players in the conservative
revolution that took over Congress, the White House, and the lobbying industry.

Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, who once called Abramoff one of his
"closest and dearest friends," has requested a House ethics investigation to
clear his name relating to trips he took at Abramoff's expense; DeLay has said
he thought the trips were paid for by other sources.

Christian Coalition founder Ralph Reed, antitax guru Grover Norquist, members of
Congress, administration officials, and a host of lobbyists have been drawn into
Senate or Justice Department investigations of Abramoff's lobbying activities.

It goes on: Abramoff and a business partner were indicted in Florida in August
on charges of fraud and conspiracy for their 2000 purchase of a gambling-boat
fleet.

Former White House official David Safavian has been indicted on charges that he
lied about his Abramoff ties and has pleaded not guilty. Rep. Bob W. Ney (R.,
Ohio) has been subpoenaed by a grand jury investigating Abramoff and is himself
under federal criminal investigation on suspicion of taking bribes in the form
of campaign contributions. Ney has denied wrongdoing.

Because Abramoff was so close to the power structure and fund-raising mechanisms
of the Republican Party, "he knows where a lot more of the bodies are buried,"
said Bill Allison, spokesman for the Center for Public Integrity, a nonpartisan
ethics watchdog group.

"Abramoff goes to the much broader issue of how the Republicans have held their
majority together," Allison said.

Abramoff, who was president of National College Republicans in the early 1980s,
wrote and produced a B movie and once organized a meeting of anticommunist
guerrillas and mujaheddin in Africa, became one of Washington's most powerful
influence peddlers when Republicans took over Washington in 1994.

He opened a restaurant, Signatures, and leased skyboxes at sports arenas, where
he held fund-raisers. According to documents released by Senate investigators,
he directed his clients - often unregulated entities that included U.S.
territories, Indian tribes and Internet gaming clients - as to how much and
where to direct their political contributions.

Abramoff invoked Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination when
called before the Senate Indian Affairs Committee last year. Through a
spokesman, he denies wrongdoing.

"Mr. Abramoff is put into the impossible position of not being able to defend
himself in the public arena until the proper authorities have had a chance to
review all accusations," spokesman Andrew Blum said in a statement. "Any fair
reading of Mr. Abramoff's career would show that his clients benefited immensely
from the hard work he and his team did on their behalf."

Thousands of e-mails subpoenaed by Senate investigators indicate a man who was
publicly dedicated to conservative ideals while privately committed to enriching
himself. His public descent began before the Indian Affairs Committee in
September 2004, where he and partner Michael Scanlon, DeLay's former press
secretary, were found to have charged Indian tribes more than $66 million while
privately referring to their clients as "monkeys" and "troglodytes."

"What sets this tale apart, what makes it truly extraordinary, is the extent and
degree of the apparent exploitation and deceit," Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.),
chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee, said at one of four hearings he has
used to shame Abramoff over the past year.

Chairman Kevin Sickey of the Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana, one of Abramoff's
aggrieved clients, testified Wednesday that the e-mails also offered a rare
glimpse into the legal "underworld of government affairs."

"He is the golden-boy-gone-bad of the American political system," said Sickey,
whose tribe paid Abramoff and partner Scanlon more than $32 million over three
years.

Senate hearings and published reports have alleged that Abramoff and Scanlon
often charged their tribal clients for work they never performed; paid to fly
members of Congress and their staffs to places such as Saipan in the Northern
Marianas Islands and Scotland, a violation of ethics rules; and secretly hired
Reed with tribal gaming money to shutter a rival casino in the name of Christian
family values. When Abramoff's gambling business venture in Florida went sour, a
business rival was slain. Abramoff was not implicated, but two men hired by
Abramoff's business partner are charged with the killing.

Abramoff, a major fund-raiser for the Republican Party, was a "pioneer" for
President Bush, meaning he raised at least $100,000 for the 2004 campaign, and
his clients gave much more. He boasted of access to White House deputy chief of
staff Karl Rove, dined with Interior Secretary Gail A. Norton, and hired away
key members of DeLay's staff as his lobbying partners.

"The Congress and the United States Government became Jack Abramoff's personal
playground," said Rep. George Miller (D., Calif.), who has long complained of
Abramoff's influence in the Northern Marianas Islands, a U.S. territory that
Abramoff helped keep free from U.S. minimum-wage and immigration laws. "But
Abramoff was only able to succeed because he had willing partners within the
Congress and this administration."

The Abramoff story "is breathtaking in its reach," McCain said at Wednesday's
Indian Affairs hearing, before leaning on witnesses, including former Interior
Department deputy Griles, with gusto.

That same day, Griles was called to answer questions about why, according to
Norton's former chief counsel, he suddenly became interested in a decision on
whether the Jena Band of Choctaw Indians - a potential competitor of Abramoff's
clients, the Louisiana Coushattas - would be permitted open a casino in 2002.
E-mails showed that Abramoff, at the time, was channeling $250,000 from the
Coushattas to an environmental nonprofit formed by Norton before she became
Interior secretary, and now run by a friend of Griles'.

"I was alarmed that Mr. Griles had an inexplicable desire to become involved in
this particular decision," said Michael Rossetti, Norton's former counsel.
Rossetti said he challenged Griles, asking, "Whose water was he carrying?" - and
Griles backed down.

Griles said he didn't recall being so interested and was "confused" by
Rossetti's testimony.

In the end, the testimonies of Rossetti and Griles stood in direct conflict, but
the 318 pages of e-mails had provided another revealing day, courtesy of Jack
Abramoff.

"I've learned so much today," Griles said. "I'm really disappointed in what I've
learned about today."

Contact staff writer Jeff Shields at 610-313-8173 or jshields@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            January 19, 1997, Sunday

On the shelf

BYLINE: Rhoda Koenig

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 721 words


RHODA KOENIG is gripped by the passion and venality of Diary of a Chambermaid

On my way to France, looking for something to read on the Shuttle, I spotted the
1900 Diary of a Chambermaid (Dedalus Pounds 7.99). Recalling that it had been
made into films by Renoir and Bunuel (which I hadn't seen), I thought it would
be just the ticket. As it turned out, however, reading Octave Mirbeau's novel to
become familiar with French life and culture was a bit like setting off for Los
Angeles with a copy of The Loved One.

Although the title and the publisher's Decadence imprint suggest naughty
stories, and the novel has bushels of them, the anarchist author is concerned
with corruption in a more fundamental sense. Surely no foreigner has portrayed
the French in a worse light. The bourgeoisie, with the hearts and minds of
shopkeepers, count in centimes the cost of every kindness and manipulate one
another with threats about their wills. The rich consider people without money
lower than beasts. In one household, the dogs and cats are given Evian water
when a typhus epidemic strikes; the maids are told to use the tap. The peasants,
isolated from the diversions and restraints of society, are brutal, crude and
grotesque, fomenting bizarre quarrrels with their neighbours for pastime and
torturing animals for pleasure. And the counsellors of virtue are as venal as
the rest. When one bourgeoise asks permission to give her husband "certain
caresses twice a week", her confessor agrees, if she promises to get no pleasure
from it and to donate 200 francs each year to the church.

Through this miasma of vice and greed walks Mirbeau's narrator, Celestine, armed
and betrayed by her beauty. Routinely, the masters and sons of the house,
sometimes the mistress, eye Celestine, fondle her, give her smutty books, pull
her into bed. Surprised and delighted when a new employer gives her armfuls of
expensive lingerie, she is wised up by the cook: "She wants you to sleep with
that son of hers, so that he'll spend more time at home and not cost them so
much." Despite this warning, she falls for the handsome, elegant young man as
soon as she sees him and her desire is fanned by his indifference.

When the man does not please her, and won't force her, Celestine glories in
reversing, for once, the balance of power. One oafish frustrated husband
approaches her with a typically inept disregard of circumstancs: "He came out
into the yard, where I was emptying the cat's box on to the manure heap..." She
reflects afterwards: "I shouldn't like to sleep with Monsieur Lanlaire...but...I
could give the poor old chap some of the pleasure he's deprived of, and I should
enjoy it as well, for in love it's perhaps even better to give happiness to
others than to receive it yourself...Besides, what a joke it would be to spite
Madame."

Passionate, calculating, only sometimes honourable but always honest, Celestine
is one of the great female characters in literature, her complexity deepened by
the many contradictions that we may recognise but, like her, never understand.
Celestine has had ample exposure to the loathsomeness of the rich, but admits:
"As soon as I find myself in the presence of a rich person, I cannot help
looking up to him as...a kind of marvellous divinity."

When she was 12, an "ugly, brutal, and repulsive" old man took her behind some
rocks at the seaside and seduced her for an orange. "He never once gave me the
slightest pleasure - on the contrary. Why is it, then, that when I think of him
- and I often do - I never feel like loathing or cursing him? I take pleasure in
recalling him, and I experience an extraordinary sense of gratitude...a great
tenderness." Celestine says she has never found these feelings explained in any
novel, reminding us of the inadequacy of those who try.

For all its violence and cruelty, Diary of a Chambermaid is an enormously funny
novel as well, though there can be no happy ending for Celestine, at least not a
conventional one. We leave her, happily allied with a brute who will protect her
from worse ones. But is society to blame? A deformed, wretched servant says she
left home because her parents and her sisters were always beating her. Why, says
Celestine. The girl is surprised that anyone would ask. "Because they wanted
to."


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Books RHODA KOENIG (58%);

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              364 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 13, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Allou Health Officials Face Fraud Charges

BYLINE: Brooke A. Masters, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK Aug. 11


When Allou Health Care Inc.'s Brooklyn warehouse went up in flames last
September, company officials filed claims for $ 101 million in inventory they
said had been left in ashes. But federal investigators said today that the
inventory may have never existed.

The Brooklyn U.S. attorney's office charged officials at the health and beauty
distributor with fraud, saying that the company -- once one of Long Island's
largest -- had fabricated sales and invented inventory in order to draw down a $
200 million line of credit from its lenders.

Former Allou chairman Victor Jacobowitz, 71; his sons Herman, 43, Jacob, 40, and
Aaron, 39; and another company official have been charged with bank fraud,
securities fraud and mail fraud for allegedly fabricating $ 220 million in sales
and nearly $ 200 million in nonexistent purchases of inventory.

Prosecutors also charged Aaron Jacobowitz and three others with bribery, saying
they conspired to plant burned electric heaters at the warehouse and attempted
to pay a fire marshal $ 100,000. The blaze which drew 245 firefighters was ruled
arson, although no one has been charged with that crime.

"The defendants in today's complaints are charged with schemes whose venality,
corruption and willful disregard for public safety staggers the imagination,"
U.S. Attorney Roslynn R. Mauskopf said in a statement. "They have hit for the
cycle of corporate fraud: accounting manipulation, looting their public company,
impoverishing investors, obstructing regulators and brazenly orchestrating a
bribery scheme of public officials in a futile effort to cover their tracks."

Allou, which previously traded on the American Stock Exchange, declared
bankruptcy in April. Prosecutors estimate that the company's lenders lost $ 140
million.

Lawyers for some of the eight men charged in the scheme could not be reached for
comment. It was not clear yesterday who represented several of the defendants.
Members of the Jacobowitz family also use the surname Jacobs, according to
Mauskopf.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              365 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Film with sense of defiance and scabrous humour;
new release

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 686  words

Dallas Buyers Club (15)

Rated: MA

Starring: Matthew McConaughey, Jared Leto, Jennifer Garner

Showing: The Strand

DALLAS Buyers Club is a truly contradictory affair: a rousing crowd-pleaser
dealing with the most downbeat subject imaginable - a man contracting HIV and
slowly dying of an Aids-related condition. Summed up like that, it sounds
impossibly grim. What makes the film so special is its sense of defiance and its
scabrous humour. The main characters here simply don't accept their role as
victims, Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey) least of all.

McConaughey has been consistently underestimated as an actor. Here, he gives an
astonishing performance that combines sleaziness and venality with grace and
pathos.

The director Jean-Marc VallÃ©e brings a grittiness and morbid humour to the
storytelling here that, early on, evokes memories of Bob Rafelson's Five Easy
Pieces.

When we first encounter McConaughey's Ron, he is having frenzied, unprotected
sex in a darkened stall at a Texas rodeo. The scene is shot in a furtive,
voyeuristic way. From the corner of his eye, he notices a sad-faced rodeo clown
- a figure we see again and who seems to have been included as a harbinger of
troubles ahead. Moments later, Ron is fleeing angry cowboys he seems to have
fleeced. It's 1985. With his rakishly lean frame and moustache, Ron may look
like a member of camp disco group Village People but he is rampantly homophobic.
"Rock Hudson was a c.........r!" he exclaims early on when he learns of Hudson's
homosexuality. He likes women, beer, drugs and pornography.

Ron is an electrician who lives in a trailer park. When he first learns of his
HIV diagnosis and is given 30 days to get his affairs in order, he reacts with
utter astonishment. "I ain't no faggot," he roars at the doctor, telling him his
blood must have been mixed up with some "daisy puller's". Any prospect of a
dignified death looks remote. His friends are as homophobic as he is - and
quickly begin to shun him. He doesn't have much money but is desperate to get
hold of AZT, the only drug he thinks can help him.

The screenplay, by Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack, reverses the trajectory of
the typical terminal illness film. Its darkest and most upsetting moments come
early on, when Ron is struggling and failing to come to terms with his
condition.

There are some overlaps with the excellent recent documentary How to Survive a
Plague, which showed how, during the early days of the Aids epidemic, gay and
lesbian activists stood up to politicians and pharmaceutical companies. Ron
becomes the unlikely leader in a battle with the medical establishment,
represented by the FDA - the Food and Drug Administration. He reads up on the
science and challenges the received medical establishment wisdom about AZT, a
drug he soon decides is toxic.

Dallas Buyers Club can hardly be described as a comedy but the idea of a group
of eccentric small-timers taking on the big, bad bureaucrats has a comic
resonance.

Ron and his business partner, the HIV-positive Rayon (Jared Leto), make a
memorable odd couple. One is a macho Texas redneck and the other is a Marc
Bolan-obsessed transgender woman.

The tone is beautifully struck. The film-makers neither trivialise the plight of
the HIV-positive protagonists in pursuit of easy laughs but nor do they slip
into mawkishness or heavy-handed solemnity. On one level, this is a story about
good old American entrepreneurialism. Ron and Rayon are hustlers who understand
market forces. They realise that they can supply legal drugs and vitamin
supplements that HIV sufferers need and want. By setting up a club, they avoid
having to sell on the streets.

Leto is a revelation as Rayon, a character who is a strange mess of
contradictions: self-reliant and yet intensely vulnerable, full of common sense
and yet self-destructive.

Dallas Buyers Club is based on a true story.

It's impossible to overlook the fact that it deals with illness and imminent
death.

At the same time, it's thoroughly uplifting to watch in the way of the best
tales about underdogs fighting back against overwhelming odds.

"" The Independent

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

TEA PARTIERS ARE SELF-SERVING

BYLINE: THOMAS FRANK

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 693 words


The cast of characters in America's Third Great Awakening is remarkably familiar

HOW glorious is the tea-party movement? Some talk of its purity of heart, its
patriotic spontaneity and its abundance of republican virtue. To hear others
tell it, the movement is but a few steps away from sacred.

After attending the National Tea Party Convention in Nashville, prominent
blogger Glenn Reynolds wrote in the Washington Examiner that the movement
amounted to ``America's Third Great Awakening'', a massive popular rising
against ``politicians and parties'' that have ``grown corrupt, venal and
out-of-touch''.

How strange, then, that this flowering of populist integrity should have been
tended and pruned and succoured by a group of Beltway operators known primarily
for their venality and insider power.

Two weeks ago, The Washington Post sketched out a blueprint of the movement's
leadership, naming the players and the organisations that have made the Right's
resurgence possible. It focused on a shadowy but influential new outfit called
the Conservative Action Project, which reportedly co-ordinates the movement's
organisations, bloggers and publishers.

What struck me about the Post's story was the familiarity of it all. I was
reminded of the now-imprisoned superlobbyist Jack Abramoff, and the work he did
on behalf of the Northern Marianas Islands, where garment factories churned out
``Made in the USA'' clothing under re-education camp conditions.

The object of Abramoff's lobbying was to protect that peculiar economic
arrangement from federal meddling, a task his firm accomplished by bringing
politicians, staffers and media on trips to the Marianas and urging them to
understand the situation as a matter of ``liberty'' versus big government
tyranny.

Today, as Washington conservatives scramble to stay atop the growing grassroots
Right, the cast of characters is remarkably similar. For example, the ``Team
Abramoff'' lobbyist who ran the Marianas program in the 1990s, Patrick Pizzella,
is reported to be the ``only paid staff member'' of the Conservative Action
Project. According to the Washington Times, Pizzella has also been ``involved''
in the drafting of the Mount Vernon Statement, a conservative manifesto meant to
rally the tea-partying base.

Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform also makes an appearance in the Post
story. ATR sponsored the first round of tea parties a year ago and Norquist's
Wednesday morning meetings for conservative powerbrokers have provided fertile
ground for the movement's networking. Just a few years ago, those meetings were
infamous for having served as showcases for Abramoff's clients.

Then there is Dick Armey, the former house majority leader who has returned in
triumph to the public stage in recent years as chairman of the FreedomWorks
pressure group and de facto leader of the tea-party movement. Last month, Armey
even attended the annual meeting of the Republican National Committee to speak
on the tea partiers' behalf.

Armey was once one of congress's staunchest defenders of the Marianas way.
Several of his aides travelled to the Marianas, and in 1997 Armey even wrote a
letter jointly with former Republican Tom DeLay in which he praised the islands'
dedication to ``the principles of free markets, enterprise, education choice,
tax reform and other innovative approaches to governance''.

Behold your Third Great Awakening, America. Lobbyists, sweatshops, and the
junkets designed by lobbyists to make sweatshops seem like liberty are,
presumably, the sort of things tea partiers should have trouble with. Will the
grassroots nation call these gentlemen to account for their freedom flimflamming
of the past?

I wouldn't count on it. It is no secret, for example, that Armey was until
recently something of a superlobbyist himself, ritually denouncing Washington's
ways as he worked behind the scenes on behalf of multinational liquor
conglomerates and international commercial real estate concerns.

The history of conservative idealism is, in some ways, a history of lobbying, of
ever more inventive schemes to make politics answer to money.

This burst of idealism, I suspect, will be no different.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Bernie Sanders Stands Against Harry Reid's Legacy of Establishment Venality

BYLINE: Michael Sainato

LENGTH: 15 words


The shamelessly dirty Nevada Senator is retiring-but not without staining the
Party for good.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           November 4, 2004 Thursday

Ashamed to say I'm an American

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 60 words


Bush re-elected

Today, I am ashamed to say I am an American.

George W. Bush did not win this election; rather jingoism, venality, bigotry and
fear were the winners. John Kerry did not lose; the true losers are the United
States and the entire world.

My project for today: Investigate how to move to that enlightened country to my
north.

Joyce Denn, Woodbury, Minn

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              369 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Republicans continue corporate-gluttony tradition

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 223 words


In 1914 my father went to work at the Boott Mills in Lowell. He was 13.

Although some states, including Massachusetts, had initiated child-labor reform,
three forces, all Republican, prevented any real change from happening:
corporate lobbying, Supreme Court conservatism and Congressional hostility. Not
until President Roosevelt did real change happen: The Fair Labor Standards Act
of 1938. Roosevelt's Secretary of Labor, the great Frances Perkins, championed
this revolutionary piece of legislation: child labor abolished; 44-hour week
maximum; $.25 (one quarter, two bits) an hour minimum wage.

"Socialism" screamed the right wing.

But corporate gluttony is insatiable and congressional venality eternal. The
indifference to the inhumanity of child labor is replicated today in the
indifference to the indecency of the $7.25 federal minimum wage. Still all
Republican.

Repeating the same specious argument of old -- the economic sky will fall --
corporate gluttons and their rented toadies in Congress conspire to drive the
working poor deeper and deeper into poverty. Not even Chris Christie is
sympathetic to the guy flipping Big Macs: he vetoed a bill giving the working
poor one more lousy buck an hour.

Conclusion: Workers of the Whopper World, Unite. A "Cruz" missile is aimed
straight at you.

GERARD O'CONNOR

Methuen, formerly of The Acre

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 1, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Shopping mania no bargain

BYLINE: WILLIAM PORTER Denver Post Columnist

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. A-13

LENGTH: 535 words


I frankly can't imagine what would compel 2,000 people to mass outside a Walmart
store the day after Thanksgiving, bum-rush the doors, trample an employee to
death, then push shopping carts along the aisles even as medics tended the
victim.

Are the bargains that good?

The tragedy in Long Island, N.Y., beggars belief in its venality and absurdity.
But make no knee-jerk judgments about New Yorkers, for human behavior is such
that anything can happen anywhere.

Still, on Sunday at the Walmart Supercenter at 7455 W. Colfax Ave. in Lakewood,
a rampage in the aisles seemed light-years from anyone's mind, even if candy
canes were marked down to 88 cents a box and the Hannah Montana Jammin' Electric
Guitar came in authentic lavender plastic.

Blame it on spitting snow or on the frigid economy, but shoppers were positively
subdued. The massive store's grocery section was busy enough, but on the
department-store side - the one packed with holiday items - the crowd was
thinner than cheap egg nog.

Joey Gonzales noticed. He was shopping with his wife, Teresa, calculating what
their two boys would like for Christmas.

"I told her just a few minutes ago that we're not seeing what we normally would
for the season," Gonzales said. "You know it's the economic crunch. Personally,
we're still in good shape, but you can still feel it."

He stood before a shelf loaded with toy trucks. The K'Nex model caught his eye.
It had snap-together parts that his 5-year-old could assemble into a variety of
vehicles.

"I bet he'd like that," Gonzales said. "It would be good for developing his
mechanical skills, and it's not a bad price for 20 bucks."

Two aisles over, Jennifer Snyder of Lakewood shopped for her daughters, ages 4
and 12. The older girl had reached the age where presents get a tad costlier.

"The things on her wish list have a little more expensive price tags," Snyder
said.

She was appalled at what happened two days earlier at the Long Island Walmart.

"It's astounding," she said. "Just sickening. It was part of the reason I wasn't
shopping on Black Friday. I just couldn't believe it."

In the electronics section, Ronnie Baker weighed his options. He said he hoped
to spring a home theater system on his family come Christmas morning, tempted by
signs marked "Rollback" and "Unbeatable."

"We'll see," he said. "I started tightening my belt earlier this summer, just on
general principle. I just had a bad feeling about where the economy might be
going. But I still want to make sure my family has a good holiday."

Like Gonzales, Baker was surprised at the quiet in the store. Like Snyder, he
could not believe what he read about the craziness at the Walmart back east.

"What makes people act like that?" he said. "Do you really need to be first
through the door?"

I had no good answer.

Despite the Christmas music wafting through the air, the place didn't seem awash
in yuletide cheer. Even the in-store Santa seemed a bit undersized this year,
sitting by himself on a bench.

Then out of nowhere, two beaming children came up and plopped down beside the
man for a photo.

In hard times, it was good to find true believers.

William Porter writes Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Reach him at
wporter@denverpost.com or 303-954-1877.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               February 22, 1996

Dream on when the chips are down

BYLINE: William Russell

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1242 words


It's all there: venality and Vegas, murder and Mexico, demureness and Dashwoods.
But William Russell finds the greedy and grisly outshone by a romance conducted
without so much as a kiss

NEW RELEASES

Casino (18) directed by Martin Scorsese

Sense and Sensibility (U) directed by Ang Lee

Trainspotting (18) directed by Danny Boyle

On general release

Desperado (18)

GFT and Filmhouse

All films open tomorrow

Seldom has murder been more hideously presented on the screen

She holds

the audience with sheer subtlety of her acting

THE years when the Mob ran Las Vegas are chronicled in Casino, Martin Scorsese's
monumental tale of greed, corruption, lust and murder. A fine film, it falls
short of greatness because, for all its merits, one has the feeling that
everyone concerned has done it before and done it better.

Scorsese has a very distinctive style as a director with which one is arguably
becoming over familiar. Maybe the ghosts of Mean Streets and Goodfellas loom too
large for its good, or it could just be that the corruption of the American
dream, in which anybody can get lucky, which Las Vegas represents, is not our
nightmare.

But Casino is also about worthless people. There is nobody for the audience to
identify with, the prime requirement of any drama. You can get away with the
lack of someone to empathise with in a book, but keeping people still in their
seats for almost three hours requires they admit - "There, but for the grace of
God, go I." When the people are immoral, venal, brutal and stupid, no matter how
well the actors play them, that does not happen.

The story, true in essence, is so complicated it requires not one but two
voice-overs. One is delivered by Robert De Niro, apparently killed by a car bomb
at the start, and one by his co-star and fellow hood, Joe Pesci. When a film
needs a voice-over for clarity it is usually in difficulties.

De Niro, at the top of his considerable form here, does his best to make the
audience sympathise with the predicament of a man who is as bad, as venal, as
cynically corrupt as any of the mobsters he works for. That he fails is not his
fault. The possibility of success is not there.

It is 1973. Las Vegas has 30 million tourists a year, come to gamble with their
hopes, who leave behind them some $ 10 billion. Ace Rothstein (De Niro), a
bookie who has risen up the ranks of the Mafia, is picked as the front man at
four casinos. His job is to look the other way as the takings are skimmed, and
keep the punters happy.

Ace falls in love with Ginger McKenna (Sharon Stone), a glossy hooker who
hustles the high rollers, and marries her. But Ginger is not about to settle
down and Ace proves a neurotic, jealous husband.

His best friend, Nicky Santoro (Pesci) is the Mob's hitman, a diminutive, loud
-mouthed sadist who, greedy for more money, more power, gets arrogant and
careless in the process. After Nicky seduces Ginger, the friends fall out and
things get out of control. The Mob takes decisive action.

Scorsese sees Nicholas Pileggi's story as a modern interpretation of the Western
with Las Vegas the wild frontier town where anything goes, a town where the
strong survive and the weak are despoiled.

He treats the tale grandiosely, eliciting a powerful performance from De Niro as
a man who realises too late he is trapped in a web of his own making. Pesci
repeats the over-the-top performance he gave in Goodfellas as the hood with a
murderous temper, while Stone as the sluttish Ginger gives the strongest
performance of her career. The lady was born to play a tart with a heart of
steel.

The torture scene with an industrial vice makes anything Tarantino got up to in
Reservoir Dogs look like a vicarage tea party, while Santoro's death at the
hands of the Mob is so horrifying it is almost unwatchable. Seldom has murder
been more hideously presented on the screen. But Scorsese is a film maker with a
moral stance and the violence is not there to meet the tastes of the perverted,
but because it is an integral part of a society founded on wrongdoing.

Violence to no end at all is what we get in Desperado, the first Hollywood
feature from Robert Rodriguez who leapt to fame three years ago with El
Mariachi, which he allegedly made for $ 7000.

It was a violent, but very funny story about a strolling minstrel who came to
town somewhere in Mexico only to find himself mistaken for a notorious hired gun
whose habit it was to carry the tools of his trade in a guitar case. The
innocent guitarist had a terrible time avoiding death, and much fun was made of
the way the two guitar cases kept getting accidentally swapped. The Mariachi
never knew what he was going to find in it.

In this sequel of sorts the sense of humour is completely missing. Bodies fly
all over the place and the gunfire is unceasing. Antonio Banderas of the bedroom
eyes plays the Mariachi, now a fully-fledged killer, as much a whizz with the
gun - any gun - as he is with his guitar in town seeking revenge for something
or other.

The film opens promisingly when Steve Buscemi, his sidekick, walks into a dire
Mexican dive, run by a slovenly Cheech Marin, and warns the lowlifes drinking
the undrinkable beer that the Mariachi is in town. The tale is delivered by
Buscemi with the right tongue-in-cheek zest as he simultaneously terrifies and
mocks the hoodlums, but after that it is downhill all the way.

Banderas beds the pretty local bookshop owner (Salma Hayek) and slaughters the
numerous gangsters sent to kill him by the local drug king, Bucho (Joaquim de
Almeida), with an ease which suggests he is the only man in town not in need of
glasses. There is one other scene to treasure. One of the hoods, played by
Quentin Tarantino, gets blasted away on camera. I could scarce forebear to
cheer.

Ang Lee's Sense and Sensibility is an unalloyed delight impeccably performed by
an all star British cast. Lee has handled the film with just the right degree of
formality demanded by Jane Austen's tightly-structured world, and the film has
been scripted by Emma Thompson with exquisite tact.

Her adaptation, for which she has been Oscar-nominated, is masterly. She also
plays Elinor Dashwood, the eldest of three disinherited sisters, and despite
being a good 15 years too old gets away with it through the sheer subtlety of
her acting. The performance has secured her yet another best-actress Oscar
nomination.

As the foolish romantic Marianne, who almost dies of love, Kate Winslett, also
Oscar-nominated in the best supporting category, confirms she is much more than
a pretty face. Hugh Grant is perfectly cast as the bumbling Edward Ferrars while
Elizabeth Spriggs, the romantic, matchmaking Mrs Jennings, bumbles to great
effect.

It is Harriet Walter, however, as the awful Fanny Dashwood, whose greed
dispatches the widow Dashwood and her daughters to penury, who steals the show.
She is a dead ringer for Edwina Currie. Maybe the houses are a shade too grand
but, after all, this is a film.

It has been beautifully photographed by Michael Coulter, and there is an
enchanting score by Patrick Doyle. The result should give pleasure to all.
There is not so much as a kiss, yet this is the most romantic film in years.

Reviewed when it had its world premiere in Glasgow last week, Trainspotting
opens tomorrow. It is a train trip everyone should take.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1996 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              372 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 6, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Suicide Kings in Enron's House of Cards

BYLINE: Daniel Gross,, who writes the Moneybox column for Slate.com

SECTION: Style; C02 , BOOK WORLD

LENGTH: 915 words


THE SMARTEST GUYS IN THE ROOM

The Amazing Rise and Scandalous Fall of Enron

By Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind

Portfolio. 435 pp. $26.95

After several quick narratives by insiders and outsiders, as well as a
television movie, what more could be said about that ne plus ultra of business
scandals, Enron?

The answer: plenty. Faced with the choice of being quick or being comprehensive,
the authors, both reporters with Fortune -- Bethany McLean wrote some of the
first mainstream news articles that saw through the company's house of cards --
chose the latter course. The result, "The Smartest Guys in the Room," is utterly
professional, readable and -- even though you know what's coming -- highly
entertaining.

A steady accumulation of detail leads to two inescapable conclusions. First,
despite the title, the guys -- and they were almost all guys -- just weren't
that smart. What emerges from these pages is a pervasive sense of incompetence
-- among executives and managers, traders, accountants, lawyers and directors.
The second is that, much as Enron became a convenient metaphor for the venality
that characterized the late 1990s stock bubble, there was something rotten in
the state of Texas almost from the beginning.

Enron was  the creation of Kenneth Lay, the economics PhD who in 1984 became
chairman and CEO of Houston Natural Gas, a pipeline company. And after he
combined it with InterNorth, he came up with a futuristic, synergistic name:
Enteron. When it was learned that the new moniker was a term for the digestive
tract, it was shortened to Enron.

But Enron was remade in the 1990s in the image of Jeffrey Skilling, a Harvard
Business School-trained consultant with a vastly inflated sense of his own
intellect. "He fervently believed that he saw the way the industry should
operate, and for him, 'should' and 'would' were pretty much the same," McLean
and Peter Elkind write. In 1988, Skilling set up Enron Gas Marketing, a unit
that would sell long-term gas supply contracts to utilities, strike deals with
gas producers and then turn the contracts into tradable securities. "In a sense,
Skilling's innovation had the effect of freeing natural gas from its physical
qualities, from the constraints of molecules and movement."

But Skilling's real innovation was in accounting. Under regular accounting,
companies book profits and revenues when cash comes in the door. Under what's
known as the "mark-to-market" accounting method, a company signing a 10-year
supply contract can "book the entire estimated value for all ten years on the
day you sign the contract." By using mark-to-market accounting for its complex
trading schemes -- with the Securities and Exchange Commission's approval --
Enron had the ability to manipulate the values of assets on its books, and hence
its earnings.

Bent on providing 15 percent annual growth in profits -- and hence boosting its
stock -- Enron used mark-to-market accounting and every other trick in the
accounting book. It sold assets and folded the revenues thus raised into ongoing
operations. And it warehoused assets in entities associated with it in an effort
to hide its true fiscal state.

Many of those so-called special purpose entities were run by ultra-greedy chief
financial officer Andrew Fastow, who "became Enron's Wizard of Oz," helping to
"bridge the gap between the reality of its business and the picture Skilling and
Lay wanted to present to the world." And with every passing quarter, they needed
his prestidigitation more and more.

As Enron's failures multiplied, so did its lies. In January 1998, Enron brought
analysts to view a bustling trading floor -- it was a Potemkin village staffed
with Enron employees engaged in play-acting. In 2000, the company booked a $53
million profit on a video-on-demand deal with Blockbuster whose trial run netted
$8.40. Enron slowly corrupted everyone who interacted with it. In February 2001,
partners at Arthur Andersen, which blessed all of Fastow's machinations
uncritically, met to consider whether to keep Enron as a client. They knew fishy
things were going on, but noted that it "would not be unforeseeable that fees
could reach a $100 million per year amount." Guess what they decided?

Once the company's stock -- which underlay a great deal of the leverage -- began
to decline, all it took were a few well-placed questions and articles for it all
to unravel. In December 2001, Enron filed for bankruptcy.

This book is filled with characters -- most of them loathsome: head trader Lou
Pai, married, middle-aged and obsessed with strippers; Rebecca Mark, the
glamorous blonde who jetted around the world making deals. Kenneth Lay emerges
as both clueless and venal. "He usually seemed at one remove from the
nitty-gritty of the business itself," but that didn't stop him from treating
Enron like a personal company. "On one occasion, a secretary sought to arrange a
flight for an executive on Enron business only to be told that members of the
Lay family had reserved three of the company's planes." Worst of all was
Skilling, a sociopath who lied repeatedly and to everybody -- to the news media,
to employees, to shareholders. And ultimately, to himself. "The fault, in his
view, lies in a world that did not and will not appreciate the sheer newness of
what Enron was trying to do," McLean and Elkind write. But the newness lay only
in the breathtaking scale and scope of the corruption and dishonesty that
surrounded Enron like the Houston smog.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              373 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 12, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

'AN INCONVENIENT WOMAN': JUICIEST TRASH OF YEAR

BYLINE: Eric Mink Column

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 1003 words


SOMEHOW, ''An Inconvenient Woman'' seems better suited to February than May.
Cold weather and early sunsets almost encourage viewers to snuggle in for two
consecutive nights with wonderfully trashy TV.  Temperatures and daylight
savings time notwithstanding, the appeal of ABC's new two-part, made-for-TV
miniseries (Sunday and Monday at 8 on Channel 2 in St. Louis) cannot be denied.
It's by far the juiciest entry of the television year, a film dripping with the
requisite elements of TV trash: power, money, sex (in several varieties),
corruption, deception, crimes almost too numerous to count, the nobility of
working people and the venality of the seemingly noble.  Elevating ''An
Inconvenient Woman'' to the A level of trash, though, are John Pielmeier's
delicious script (based on Dominick Dunne's novel), Larry Elikann's crackerjack
direction, the totally extravagant look of the piece (courtesy of director of
photography Kees Van Oostrum and production designer Stephen Storer) and even
the expensive-yet-still-tacky costuming of Nolan Miller.  All this comes to life
in the performances of actors who clearly enjoyed wallowing in the film's
treachery-as-usual muck. Rebecca de Mornay is the standout as a plucky
waitress-turned-mistress, with Jill Eikenberry not far behind as the icy wife of
a billionaire industrialist with political ambitions.  Here's the basic story:
Jules Mendelson (Jason Robards) and his wife of many years, Pauline
(Eikenberry), are at the very top of Los Angeles society. Their circle excludes
the rich people in the entertainment business, who are considered tasteless
slugs by comparison. The distinctions, as it turns out, are largely delusory.
The reality is that Pauline's teen-age son from her first marriage, Kippie, is a
spoiled wastrel with an affinity for cocaine; that Jules, salivating over an
expected presidential appointment, forsakes his upstanding image and falls for
the considerable charms of Flo, who pours his coffee at a nearby restaurant;
that Pauline's best chum is a character named Hector Paradiso, the heir to an
old LA fortune with a weakness for good-looking young men; and that the refined
old-monied Pauline is capable of whatever ruthlessness is required to achieve
her goals.  The charmed lives of these people are threatened by events set in
motion by the murder of Hector, who had left one of Pauline's fabled parties and
stopped by a notorious club in search of overnight male companionship. Jules
calls on his high level connections to get the death labeled a suicide.  Into
this mix comes Philip Quennell (Peter Gallagher), a young New York author who is
at once seduced by his proximity to the Mendelson crowd and obsessed with
uncovering the truth ab out Hector's death.  As in most such stories,
coincidence and dumb luck in ''An Inconvenient Woman'' play a ridiculously
important role in bringing people together at just the right time, saying just
the right things and revealing just the right information to propel the story
ahead.  And propelled it is. By the time the film ends Monday night, we have
come to know, among others, Arnie Zwillman (Joseph Bologna), a mobster who uses
Kippie to open a channel of communication to Jules; unscrupulous Cyril Rathbone
(Roddy McDowall), a gossip columnist who meets an hilariously appropriate fate
in part two; and Casper Stieglitz (Alex Rocco), a washed-up movie director with
a ferocious cocaine habit and a secret collection of toupees, one for each day
of the month, each with slightly longer hair than the previous one.  ''An
Inconvenient Woman'' also dots its landscape with ''the little people'' - the
owner of a coffee shop, Jules' long-time barber, a housekeeper, nurses - honest
people who actually work for a living and who embody the slight shreds of
morality contained in the piece. Even waitress Flo, a married man's ''kept
woman,'' is depicted as a basically decent and sincere person with genuine
feelings and hopes for a better life. Naturally, her adversaries exploit those
qualities as weaknesses.  Dunne's novel apparently was inspired by several
real-life people, including the murdered Vicky Morgan, mistress of retailing
baron Alfred Bloomingdale. But it's the Marilyn Monroe references that leap off
the screen.  In addition to musical performances by males impersonating the
actress, characters in the film have conversations about Monroe and the
conspiracy theories about her supposed death by suicide. The relevance to the
plot soon becomes clear.  The theme that emerges from all this is that the
mega-wealthy are not really different from anybody else; they just have the
money and the power to get whatever they want and sometimes to get away with
whatever they want.  This lesson is not administered with a sledgehammer,
though. It is simply a constant underlying presence in ''An Inconvenient
Woman,'' the best trashy TV to come along in far too long - perhaps since 1987's
''The Two Mrs.  Grenvilles,'' which also was adapted, coincidentally, from a
Dominick Dunne novel.  .  Speaking of adaptations, ''Kurt Vonnegut's Monkey
House'' is a trilogy of Vonnegut short stories translated into three 30-minute
films for telecast on the Showtime pay-cable channel Sunday night at 8.  The
first, ''The Euphio Question'' (adapted by Jeffrey Cohen) shows the peculiar
effects on human beings of a certain kind of noise picked from deep space and
amplified.  ''Next Door'' (adapted by Jeremy Hole) is a 1950s version of ''Home
Alone,'' in which a 9-year-old boy, left alone for the first time, finds himself
involved in nearby violence and danger.  ''All the King's Horses'' (adapted by
Stan Daniels) puts a group of American soldiers and a diplomat in the middle of
a bizarre chess game with a Central American rebel commander - with lives
literally hanging on each move.  These are three engaging little movies,
enlivened by fine performances and an ironic sensibility that, as usual in
Vonnegut's work, speaks to broader aspects of the human condition.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO...Jason Robards (left), Peter Gallagher and Jill
Eikenberry in ''An Inconvenient Woman.''

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              374 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 25, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Christmas Sermons to Spotlight Forgiveness Rather Than Clinton

BYLINE: By GUSTAV NIEBUHR

SECTION: Section A;  Page 27;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 529 words


President Clinton's impeachment was unlikely to figure prominently in Christmas
Eve and Christmas Day sermons, according to clergy members interviewed yesterday
who said they planned to preach instead on themes like hope, light and new
beginnings as a way of addressing the holiday's Christian meaning.

"The focus tonight is a different kind of focus," said the Rev. Doug Slaughter,
pastor of Community United Methodist Church in Ogden, Utah.

Mr. Slaughter added, however, that he thought it appropriate for clergy members
to speak on the subject.

One who said she would refer to the political crisis on Christmas was the Rev.
Barbara Crafton, rector of St. Clement's Episcopal Church in Manhattan.

"My message on this day," Ms. Crafton said, "is that we must not allow ourselves
as a society to descend and remain at the level of our basest motivations, but
must carry forward as the very best we can be as people, not the worst."

She added that she was "struck by the contrast between the good will and extra
mile everyone in this neighborhood goes to at this time of year. People all over
fall over each other being good to others. That is in such stark contrast to the
venality of retribution, revenge, accusation, defensiveness we see in our
leaders."

The Rev. Robert G. Bruce, pastor of First Presbyterian Church in Austin, Tex.,
said that rather than speak about Mr. Clinton, he would preach on Christmas Eve
about "Christ pulling us toward each other."

And the Rev. Walter Modrys, pastor of St. Ignatius Loyola Roman Catholic Church
in Manhattan, said he would not mention Mr. Clinton in his homily.

"I think that people in a parish like this are pretty well informed and have
heard a lot of the arguments," Father Modrys said. "I think the important thing
at Christmas is to address the underlying spiritual and moral and human issues
and values people need to live by."

Some clergy members said they chose last Sunday to discuss the House of
Representatives' vote to impeach Mr. Clinton, which occurred the day before.

The Rev. Rick Pittenger, pastor of Vincent United Methodist Church in Minot,
N.D., said that although he did not avoid controversial issues, he did not plan
to mention the impeachment.

"I think people are tired of hearing about it," Mr. Pittenger said.

Earlier this month, the Rev. John Hubers, pastor of University Reformed Church
in Ann Arbor, Mich., said he preached on the need for forgiveness, although
without specifically mentioning Mr. Clinton and Congress.

But some clergy members said they would make at least a passing mention of the
impeachment. At St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in New York, the Rev. William
Tully said he would make "a very simple reference" to the conjunction of the
political crisis and the Christmas season as a way of talking about God, through
Jesus, coming into an imperfect world.

In his Christmas Eve sermon, which he was working on yesterday afternoon, Mr.
Tully had written, "No matter where we begin in the Christmas journey, we know
we are likely to encounter both the world as it is, the world the Christ came to
save; and the new world begun in the ministry of Jesus."

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              375 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              July 3, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Harrington to fulfil Olympic dream;
Golfer who argued for sport's inclusion at Rio will compete despite Zika. By
Denis Walsh

BYLINE: Denis Walsh

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 607 words


PADRIAG HARRINGTON is the happy ending. We should rejoice in that. Strip away
the cheating, the commercial venality and the sheer grossness of the Olympics
Games and you're left with the human stories. That's where the goodness lies.
It's like Santa's Grotto: the magic only exists if you believe it's real.
Harrington has always been a believer.

When golf pitched its case for inclusion in the Games towards the end of the
last decade Harrington was one of the players asked to make a presentation to
the International Olympic Committee (IOC). He did so wholeheartedly. For the
last couple of years, as pieces of his game have fallen off and he has tried to
weld them back onto the mainframe, qualifying for the Olympics was the
impossible target.

In October 2014, at the Alfred Dunhill Links tournament in Scotland, Harrington
broke the habit of a lifetime to share his goal with the media. Nobody wished to
be disrespectful to one of the greatest sportsmen this country has ever produced
but nobody believed his dream would come true.

All things being equal, to make the Irish team for the Olympics he needed to be
in the world's top 15 at the deadline for selection or be one of the two highest
ranked Irish golfers in the world. At the time Harrington had slipped to 324th,
his lowest ranking since his rookie season in 1996. By the end of last year
Harrington said he needed to win a major in order to qualify. The size of the
dream and the size of his chance were locked in one of those inverse proportion
equations they hammered into us in maths class.

Since his declaration of intent in Scotland almost two years ago, Harrington won
a small tournament in Asia, followed by a big win on the PGA Tour 15 months ago
which returned him to the world's top 100 for a few months. He stands at 159th
now having missed seven cuts in 15 tournament appearances this year; his only
top 10 was in Hawaii in January in a small field event restricted to last year's
PGA Tour winners.

For some athletes from small nations reaching the qualifying standard and making
the OIympics has always their Everest. In Ireland we have produced scores of
those athletes, in all disciplines. Harrington doesn't fit that profile; he will
reach Rio by a process of voluntary elimination without coming close to the
qualifying criteria he originally expected to meet.

But his desperation to be there is sincere and whatever romance has survived the
corrosion of the Olympics over many years the desperation to be there and
compete is still the most wholesome story line.

Golf at the Olympics has been shedding glamour at an alarming rate in recent
weeks. The defection of Shane Lowry during the week was not a total surprise. He
had done some preparatory work in his Irish Times column recently. So, what
changed? Zika? Zika alone? Or is there more to it? In August of last year, just
after he had won the WGC Bridgestone Invitational, Lowry made his Olympic
ambitions clear. "I'm very patriotic," he said, which he has demonstrated over
and over again in support of Irish teams. As recently as March he said "I can't
explain how much it would mean to me."

The Ryder Cup was the other huge thing on Lowry's to-do list this year. As it
stands he is outside the top 10 on both qualification lists. Not competing at
the French Open this week didn't help him on any front, even though his
scheduling difficulty was widely understood. How much of Lowry's decision was
influenced by the minimal threat of a Zika infection and how much of his
thinking was influenced by his difficult fight for Ryder Cup selection? We can
only guess.

In any case, Harrington wants to go. He's going.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harrington: set to play despite lowly ranking

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              July 3, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Harrington the believer set to fulfil his Olympic dream;
Golfer who argued for sport's inclusion at Rio will compete despite Zika. By
Denis Walsh

BYLINE: Denis Walsh

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 798 words


PADRIAG HARRINGTON is the happy ending. We should rejoice in that. Strip away
the cheating, the commercial venality and the sheer grossness of the Olympic
Games and you're left with the human stories. That's where the goodness lies.
It's like Santa's Grotto: the magic only exists if you believe it's real.
Harrington has always been a believer.

When golf pitched its case for inclusion in the Games towards the end of the
last decade, Harrington was one of the players asked to make a presentation to
the International Olympic Committee (IOC). He did so wholeheartedly. For the
last couple of years, as pieces of his game have fallen off and he has tried to
weld them back onto the mainframe, qualifying for the Olympics was the
impossible target he set himself.

In October 2014, at the Alfred Dunhill Links tournament in Scotland, Harrington
broke the habit of a lifetime to share his goal with the media. Nobody wished to
be disrespectful to one of the greatest sportsmen this country has ever produced
but nobody believed his dream would come true.

All things being equal, to make the Irish team for the Olympics he needed to be
in the world's top 15 at the deadline for selection or be one of the two highest
ranked Irish golfers in the world. At the time Harrington had slipped to 324th,
his lowest ranking since his rookie season in 1996. By the end of last year
Harrington said he needed to win a major in order to qualify. The size of the
dream and the size of his chance were locked in one of those inverse proportion
equations they hammered into us in maths class.

Since his declaration of intent in Scotland almost two years ago, Harrington won
a small tournament in Asia, followed by a big win on the PGA Tour 15 months ago,
which returned him to the world's top 100 for a few months. He stands at 159th
now, having missed seven cuts in 15 tournament appearances this year. His only
top 10 was in Hawaii in January in a small field event restricted to last year's
PGA Tour winners.

Does any of this matter? It should if you believe the Olympics is all about
excellence and massing the very best athletes in the world. The reality,
however, has always been slightly but significantly different. Because the
Olympics purports to be a truly global event, a quota element to qualification
has existed to ensure the widest possible spread of participation.

For some athletes from small nations reaching the qualifying standard and making
the OIympics has always their Everest. In Ireland we have produced scores of
those athletes, in all disciplines. Harrington doesn't fit that profile; he will
reach Rio by a proces s of volunt ary eliminati on without coming close to the
qualifying criteria he originally expected to meet.

But his desperation to be there is absolutely sincere and, whatever romance has
survived the corrosion of the Olympics over many years, the desperation to be
there and compete is still the most wholesome story line.

Golf at the Olympics has been shedding glamour at an alarming rate in recent
weeks. The level of contagion among the defectors is far more potent than the
Zika virus from which they are said to be fleeing.

Katie Taylor didn't spare them in an uncharacteristically spunky tweet during
the week. Others have had their say too. Leona Maguire said on radio that there
was a 5% chance she would contract the virus by playing golf for Ireland at the
Olympics, a much higher risk than the 500,000-1 chance being quoted by some
health organisations. In any case she was prepared to take that chance.

The defection of Shane Lowry during the week was not a total surprise. He had
done some preparatory work in his column recently. So, what changed? Zika? Zika
alone? Or is there more to it? In August of last year, just after he had won the
WGC Bridgestone Invitational, Lowry made his Olympic ambitions abundantly clear.
"I'm very patriotic," he said, which he has demonstrated over and over again in
support of Irish teams. As recently as March he said "I can't explain how much
it would mean to me."

Being recently married clearly queers the pitch a little. But is the risk really
prohibitive? The test events in Rio during the summer were attended by 17,000
athletes, officials and volunteers: not one Zika infection was recorded.

The Ryder Cup was the other huge thing on Lowry's to-do list this year. As it
stands he is outside the top 10 on both qualification lists. Not competing at
the French Open this week didn't help him on any front, even though his
scheduling difficulty was widely understood. How much of Lowry's decision was
influenced by the minimal threat of a Zika infection and how much of his
thinking was influenced by his difficult fight for Ryder Cup selection? We can
only guess.

In any case, Harrington wants to go. He's going. Brilliant.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rio-bound: Harrington is set to play despite his lowly rankingMcGinley:
Irish golf team captain

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 29, 2007 Monday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Democrats evade the Constitution

BYLINE: By George F. Will

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


"The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several states . . ."

-- Constitution of the United States, Article I, Section 2.

"What's the Constitution between friends?"

-- Rep. Timothy Campbell, a Tammany Democrat, to Democratic President Grover
Cleveland after Cleveland said that a bill Campbell favored was
unconstitutional.

There they go again. House Democrats should at least provide variety in their
venality. Last Wednesday, fresh from legislating new ethics regarding relations
with lobbyists, they demonstrated that there are worse forms of corruption than
those involving martinis and money.

They again voted to give the delegates to the House from Guam, American Samoa,
the Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, and the resident commissioner
from Puerto Rico, the right to vote in the House when it is sitting as the
"Committee of the Whole," which is how it sits almost all the time. It is in
that status that almost all debate about and amending of legislation occur.

If these five votes decide the outcome of a vote in the Committee of the Whole,
the matter at issue will be automatically revoted by the full House without
those five participating. Still, these five faux members will have powers equal
to those of real members on everything but final passage of bills, which often
is more perfunctory than the process that leads to that. Almost always, all five
delegates are Democrats. (Puerto Rico's current resident commissioner is the
first Republican in 100 years.)

What part of the words "several states" do Democrats not understand? Their
cynical assumption is that "the people of the several states" will not notice
this dilution of their representation in the House.

Members of Congress today represent, on average, 687,000 people. The population
of Guam is 171,000; of American Samoa, 58,000; and of the Virgin Islands,
109,000. The 3.9 million Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have the right to
vote for statehood, which they have rejected in three plebiscites (1967, 1993,
1998).

The 58,000 Samoans pay no federal income taxes, but their delegate will be able
to participate in raising the taxes of, say, Montanans. Samoa's delegate will
have virtually the same power as Rep. Denny Rehberg, who represents all 944,000
Montanans. Obviously the Democrats' reverence for the principle "one person, one
vote" is, well, situational.

January 1993 was the last time Democrats engaged in this cynical political
alchemy, transmuting delegates from four island jurisdictions, and one from the
seat of the federal government, into the functional equivalents of
representatives selected by people of "the several states." One year later, such
arrogance contributed to the Democrats' loss of their House majority.

In 1970, Democrats were contemplating allowing Puerto Rico's resident
commissioner to serve with powers equal to those of real members, but only on
standing committees. Rep. Tom Foley, a Washington Democrat then in his third
term, told his colleagues that would be fine because those committees are
created by the House, not the Constitution, and "can be extinguished at will and
created at will." Furthermore, service on committees involves only "preliminary
advisory votes." But, he added, "it is very clear" that "a constitutional
amendment would be required" to give a resident commissioner "a vote in the
Committee of the Whole of the full House."

By 1992, when Foley, then in his 14th term, was speaker, and full of the sense
of entitlement that deranged Democrats in the last years of their 40-year hold
on the House, he supported what the next Democratic speaker, Nancy Pelosi, has
now done.

Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 28, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Voting Rights Chicanery

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: Editorial; B07

LENGTH: 789 words


"The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several states . . . ."

--  Constitution of the United

States, Article I, Section 2

"What's the Constitution between friends?"

--  Rep. Timothy Campbell, a Tammany Democrat, to Democratic President Grover
Cleveland after Cleveland said that a bill Campbell favored was
unconstitutional.

There they go again. House Democrats should at least provide variety in their
venality. On Wednesday, fresh from legislating new ethics regarding relations
with lobbyists, they demonstrated that there are worse forms of corruption than
those involving martinis and money.

They again voted to give the delegates to the House from Guam, American Samoa,
the Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, and the resident commissioner
from Puerto Rico, the right to vote in the House when it is sitting as the
Committee of the Whole, which is how it sits almost all the time. It is in that
status that almost all debate about and amending of legislation occurs.

If these five votes decide the outcome of a vote in the Committee of the Whole,
the matter at issue will be automatically revoted by the full House without
those five participating. Still, these five faux members will have powers equal
to those of real members on everything but final passage of bills, which often
is more perfunctory than the process that leads to that. Almost always, all five
delegates are Democrats. (Puerto Rico's current resident commissioner is the
first Republican in 100 years.)

What part of the words "several states" do House Democrats not understand? Their
cynical assumption is that "the people of the several states" will not notice
this dilution of their representation in the House.

Members of Congress today represent, on average, 687,000 people. The population
of Guam is 171,000; of American Samoa, 58,000; and of the Virgin Islands,
109,000. The 3.9 million Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have the right to
vote for statehood, which they have rejected in three plebiscites (1967, 1993,
1998).

The 58,000 Samoans pay no federal income taxes, but their delegate will be able
to participate in raising the taxes of, say, Montanans. Samoa's delegate will
have virtually the same power as Rep. Denny Rehberg, who represents all 944,000
Montanans. Obviously the Democrats' reverence for the principle "one person, one
vote" is, well, situational.

January 1993 was the last time Democrats engaged in this cynical political
alchemy, transmuting delegates from four island jurisdictions, and one from the
seat of the federal government, into the functional equivalents of
representatives selected by people of "the several states." In January 1993, two
months after they lost 10 House seats, they counterfeited half that many votes
--  even though they had an 82-seat majority. One year later, such arrogance
contributed to the Democrats' loss of their House majority.

In 1970, Democrats were contemplating allowing Puerto Rico's resident
commissioner to serve with powers equal to those of real members, but only on
standing committees. Rep. Tom Foley, a Washington Democrat then in his third
term, told his colleagues that would be fine because those committees are
created by the House, not the Constitution, and they "can be extinguished at
will and created at will." Furthermore, service on committees involves only
"preliminary advisory votes." But, he added, "it is very clear" that "a
constitutional amendment would be required" to give a resident commissioner "a
vote in the Committee of the Whole of the full House." By 1992, when Foley, then
in his 14th term, was speaker and full of the sense of entitlement that deranged
Democrats in the last years of their 40-year hold on the House, he supported
what the next Democratic speaker, Nancy Pelosi, has now done. In 1994, Foley
became the first speaker since 1862 to lose his congressional seat, and the new
Republican majority undid what the Democrats had done.

For Speaker Pelosi, two questions about the possible scope of your majoritarian
abuse: Given your disregard of the unambiguous language and clear intent of
Article I, Section 2  --  which uses the word "state" eight times to designate
the only entity from which a member of the House may be chosen  --  do you
acknowledge any impediment to using your majority to give "Committee of the
Whole" voting power to a delegate from, say, the AFL-CIO?

Or, for that matter: Do you think that Article I, Section 5 ("Each house shall
be the judge of the . . . qualifications of its own members") allows your
majority to give such voting powers to your hairdresser? If not, why not?

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post


                              379 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 11, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

North Denies Tapping Funds;
Prosecution Sees Iran-Contra Affair Venality

BYLINE: George Lardner Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1317 words


Former White House aide Oliver L. North, straining to keep his temper, denied
yesterday that he ever dipped into Iran-contra cash for his own use and said he
had a $ 15,000 "family fund" in a metal box bolted to his closet floor that he
used for personal expenses.

Testifying at his trial in federal court here for the third day, North disclosed
the existence of the fund in the face of prosecution contentions that there was
a venal side to the Iran-contra affair and that North had succumbed to it.

North denied any illegalities, saying he kept his "operational" spending in
meticulous order, recording the income and expenditures in a special ledger book
the late CIA Director William J. Casey had given to him.

"He told me to keep very, very careful records," North said of the $ 240,000 to
$ 300,000 fund of cash and traveler's checks he said he kept in his safe at the
Old Executive Office Building.

"Is the ledger still around?" independent prosecutor John W. Keker asked as
cross-examination began yesterday morning.

"No, it is not," North replied. "It was destroyed."

"You make it sound like it might be an earthquake or something," Keker shot
back. "Do you know who destroyed it?"

"Yes," North said.

"Who?" Keker asked.

"I did," North said. He said he tore it up page by page "and put it in the
shredder" in October or November 1986 when the scandal was beginning to unravel.
"Director Casey told me to and I did it," North said.

Throughout the day's testimony, the questioning was of a similar tooth-pulling
nature. At one point, North struggled to control himself as Keker suggested that
North had not only illegally converted several thousand dollars in traveler's
checks from contra leader Adolfo Calero, but also collected $ 3,000 in cash at
one point from retired Air Force major general Richard V. Secord, North's chief
partner in Iran-contra operations.

Keker pointed out that on Oct. 5, 1985, North bought a used GMC Suburban vehicle
for $ 8,038 from a Tysons Corner car dealer with $ 5,000 cash on the spot and a
promise to pay the remaining $ 3,038 within another four days.

North said the down payment came from a "family fund" with "upwards of $ 15,000
in it" that he started "before I was married" with an insurance settlement and
then built up by "taking change out of my pocket" every Friday. He said he put
it in a metal box that he got as a midshipman and had nailed to the floor of his
closet. "I put the $ 5,000 down and promised the man I'd be back to pay the
balance," North said.

Keker asked North if he got $ 3,000 more from Secord that same day, Oct. 5,
1986, for "hostage release" purposes. (Secord's office in Tysons Corner is a
mile or two away from the car lot.)

"I do not recall," North replied.

Keker later showed North an excerpt from Secord's records and asked: "Does that
refresh your recollection about getting money from Gen. Secord on 5 Oct. 1985?"

"No," North said. "I got a lot of money from Gen. Secord on a lot of occasions."

North has been accused of illegally converting some $ 4,300 in traveler's checks
out of an estimated $ 90,000 to $ 100,000 that Calero gave him to use in
supporting the contra effort against the Sandinista regime in Nicaragua and,
with Calero's approval, in hostage release work in the Middle East. Records in
evidence show he cashed numerous checks at stores such as Hechinger's, Giant,
Farragut Valet, and Sugarland Texaco.

North insisted that on every occasion he was reimbursing himself for money he
had paid out of his own pocket on Iran-contra work when the "operational fund"
was empty.

Keker asked him if he ever felt "tempted" to use some of the money from his EOB
safe, which was replenished from time to time by $ 150,000 to $ 200,000 in cash
from Secord, for personal purposes.

"Never even once," North shot back. He said he destroyed the ledger at Casey's
suggestion because it contained the names "of everyone I'd paid" in the course
of working for the contras when Congress had banned the use of U.S. funds and on
the Reagan administration's arms sales to Iran. He said disclosure of the names
would have put them "in great jeopardy."

Keker pointed out that North's notebooks were full of such names, too, but he
didn't destroy them.

North said he meant to do that, but pulled back "on the advice of counsel,"
Washington lawyer Thomas Green, who also represented Secord. North said Green
was with him after President Ronald Reagan fired him from the NSC staff on Nov.
25, 1986, and "Mr. Green advised me to get something to protect myself with . .
. to show I had the authority to do what I'd been doing for the last 2 1/2
years."

As a result, North said he took his notebooks and 168 pages of National Security
Council documents, including a copy of a memo reflecting plans to divert
millions in profits from the arms sales to the contra cause. North's lawyer,
Brendan V. Sullivan Jr., returned the NSC records on Dec. 2, 1986.

"I had intended to destroy all of my personal records," North said. "I regarded
anything within the walls of that office my personal material."

U.S. District Court Judge Gerhard A. Gesell asked North whether the accounting
by ledger was "approved in advance by your superiors."

"Yes," North said, naming former national security advisers Robert C. McFarlane
and John M. Poindexter.

Under continued questioning, North said he was "totally unaware" that a $
200,000 trust fund for his children had been set up in Switzerland in 1986 by
Secord partner Albert Hakim. And he swore he always intended to pay for a $
13,800 security system that Secord had installed at North's Great Falls, Va.,
home following a threat against his life by the Abu Nidal terrorist
organization.

One charge against North is that the system amounted to an illegal gratuity from
Secord that North took in return for steering business Secord's way.

"You knew he [Secord] was making a fortune off this business, didn't you?" Keker
asked.

"No, I still don't know that, Mr. Keker," North said.

After he was fired, North called up Glenn Robinette, the former CIA electronics
specialist who installed the system.

"He sent me two phony bills and I sent him two phony letters back," North
admitted.

"Why didn't you pay those bills?" Keker asked.

"I don't know," North said after a pause. "I guess I had come to the conclusion,
having been fairly well trashed at that time, that I was kind of angry at the
government. I sent two phony letters back. It has to be one of the dumber things
I'd done all my life."

Keker asked North whether "handling all this cash hadn't loosened up your
standards."

"I hadn't gotten loose," North said in annoyed tones. "I was working my tail
off."

From there the questioning turned to North's fund-raising efforts for the
contras and the flow of those contributions into Swiss bank accounts that Secord
had set up. He said this was done in line with advice from Casey that "U.S.
control" was important if the administration wanted to exert any influence in
unifying squabbling contra factions.

"You mean the late William Casey?" Keker said, emphasizing "the late."

"Yes," North said. "If the late William Casey, God rest his soul, were still
here, he'd be here to testify about it."

"You bet he would," Keker said.

Earlier in the day, on a final round of direct questioning by his lawyer, North
said Reagan repeatedly denied facts about the Iran arms sales in public
statements before the scandal broke. North said he was "shocked" on Nov. 25,
1986, when then-Attorney General Edwin Meese III announced the prospect of a
criminal investigation and misstated the facts about a potentially illegal 1985
shipment of Hawk missiles.

Reagan called him on the phone later on Nov. 25. "He said 'You're an American
hero,' " North recalled. "He asked me to understand he just hadn't known, or
didn't understand, or words to that effect."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOHN W. KEKER.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              380 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    October 25, 2003 Saturday FINAL EDITION

A modest proposal to save Wembley's hide

BYLINE: Bob Ewegen

SECTION: RMN; Pg. C-15

LENGTH: 804 words


Wembley Plc needs our help. The London-based international gambling  empire
wagered a reported $ 10 million to pass Amendment 33 on this  fall's Colorado
ballot. But by all signs, the measure is headed  toward a crushing defeat.


For some reason, Coloradans don't seem enamored by the notion of  festooning the
Front Range with thousands of slot machines. Their  reluctance could deny this
foreign corporation the windfall profits  it hoped to reap by converting four
struggling racetracks it bought  on the cheap to slot machine casinos - known as
'racinos' to fans  of barbarous neologisms.


Worse for Wembley, some voters actually seemed offended when two  leaders of
Wembley's Rhode Island operation were indicted in that  state on 22 counts of
bribery. A federal grand jury in Providence  alleged that Wembley's Nigel Potter
and Daniel Bucci conspired to  offer McKinnon & Harwood, a Pawtucket, R.I., law
firm, six years of  illegal payments totaling $ 4.5 million.


The payments were offered in exchange for state Rep. John Harwood's  support in
swaying the state lottery commission to approve 1,000  video-lottery terminals
and for his help in defeating legislation  proposing a new Indian casino that
would have competed with  Wembley. Harwood didn't actually take the money and
cooperated with  federal prosecutors in what became a classic sting operation.


Frankly, I was offended by the indictments, too - not by the  company's apparent
venality in Rhode Island but by the stinginess  of Wembley's bribe in Colorado.


The $ 10 million Wembley is paying to buy approval of Amendment 33  is far and
away a record for an issue election in Colorado. But it  still works out to a
measly $ 3.59 for each of Colorado's 2,783,944  registered voters as of the 2002
election.


That's an outrage! Wembley offers $ 4.5 mil for the vote of a single  Rhode
Island politician and less than four bucks for a vote of an  honest Coloradan?
Worse yet, the four bucks doesn't even go  directly to the voter but instead is
laundered through the the  usual television attack ads, political consultants
and other  vultures circling about the body politic.


The answer to Wembley's problem seems pretty simple. Wembley should  offer
Colorado voters a direct cash payment of $ 1,000 each to vote  for Amendment 33.


Experts estimate about 40 percent of those 2.8 million voters will  actually
mark their ballots in this off-year election. To ensure  passage of Amendment
33, Wembley could buy a million votes at a  grand apiece for a total outlay of $
1 billion.


Given the fact that Amendment 33's passage would give Wembley a  monopoly over
slot machines in the populous Denver-Colorado  Springs-Pueblo market, Wembley
should be able to recoup that  billion in a few years. (When was the last time
you came out ahead  on a slot machine?)


Old-fashioned moralists might quibble that it's illegal to buy  votes. But the
U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that money  is the equivalent of free
speech, thus striking down efforts to  limit campaign contributions or spending
by wealthy special  interests to buy elections. Surely, our progressive
judiciary will  approve a plan to let Wembley buy votes directly from
rank-and-file  voters.


Of course, there is always the risk that a faithless bribe-taker  might take
Wembley's money and still vote against Amendment 33. But  the widespread use of
mail ballots has solved that problem. Voters  can mark their ballot in front of
a Wembley representative, get  their $ 1,000 in small bills (after its Rhode
Island experience,  Wembley is understandably wary about passing out checks) and
then  put the ballot in the mail.


Sure, there are some voters who will vote their conscience no  matter how much
is offered. But in the modern climate of moral  relativism, many electors will
share the attitude expressed in the  old joke that tells of a man asking a
beautiful woman at a party:  'Will you sleep with me for a million dollars?'


The lovely one replies: 'Of course.'


The man then follows up with: 'Will you sleep with me for ten  dollars?'


'Of course not,' the offended beauty snaps. 'What kind of woman  do you think I
am?'


'We've already established that,' the punchline recounts. 'Now,  we're just
negotiating your price.'


I certainly wouldn't vote for Amendment 33 for the lousy $ 3.59  Wembley is
spending to influence my vote through its endless  television ads. But for a
thousand bucks up front, I could be  reasonable.


How about it, Wembley?


Bob Ewegen is deputy editorial page editor of The Denver Post. He  has written
on state and local government since 1963. E-mail him at  bewegen@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

To curb corruption, bring backthe principled political boss

BYLINE: Robert McCartney

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 711 words


The recent death of onetime Prince George's political power broker Peter
O'Malley III, combined with the surge of scandals in that county and the
District, prompts me to propose a solution for local jurisdictions troubled by
corruption.

Bring back the old-fashioned political boss.

It's a risky proposition. Power corrupts, and bosses and machines are often
synonymous with venality.

But O'Malley, who was "the man to see" in Prince George's in the 1970s and early
1980s, proved that a tightly run political organization could help keep the
sleaze under control. Even a mildly unsavory operation would be an improvement
on what we've been seeing in Prince George's and the District recently.

O'Malley, who died last month at age 72, showed that the best kind of boss
spreads around enough jobs, campaign cash and favors so supporters needn't
steal. He prized discipline and insisted that his favored candidates follow
orders. But he also wouldn't pick anybody to run who he thought was crooked -
partly to ensure that the machine endured.

Outsiders resented O'Malley's influence, and his law firm and clients made loads
of money in the process. Critics grumbled about conflicts of interest. Still,
people weren't going to jail.

Prince George's would be better off today if such a political operation had been
in place to keep Jack Johnson from being elected county executive in 2002. At
the least, someone with clout might have pressured Johnson to lay off the bribes
once he was in office.

Instead, the county suffered the embarrassment of seeing its former top official
plead guiltyto two felonies last month in federal court.

In the District, Mayor Vince Gray desperately could use a strong-willed, savvy
boss to advise him and run his political operation. In a long career, his ethics
had not been seriously questioned until now. His supporters say he wants to do
the right thing but is getting lousy advice.

Gray needs somebody who would have realized ahead of time that the new
administration couldn't risk being accused of nepotismby hiring five children of
top aides and supporters. Somebody to warn his campaign last summer against
getting involved with a rival candidate as volatile and unpredictable as
Sulaimon Brown.

Such an operator might also have raised questions about whether a Gray ally,
D.C. Council member Harry Thomas Jr., was pocketing public money that was
supposed to go to support a kids' baseball program. (Thomas has denied
wrongdoing.)

Gray loyalists complain there's a leadership vacuum at City Hall. City
Administrator Allen Lew isn't an effective political adviser. Gray still hasn't
picked a new chief of staff to replace Gerri Mason Hall, who took the fall (or
tried to) for the initial personnel screw-ups.

"Mayor Gray needs a hard-nosed, tough chief of staff who will have his best
interest as the priority, one who will not be afraid of giving him sound advice,
even though [Gray] may fervently disagree," said Corey Arnez Griffin, a Ward 5
Advisory Neighborhood Commission member, small-business owner and Gray
supporter.

"The chief of staff should protect the mayor and navigate him through the
political minutiae and be his second set of eyes and ears," Griffin said.

In theory, plenty of watchdogs are protecting the District against corruption.
They include the city's attorney general, inspector general, office of campaign
finance, U.S. attorney's office and Congress.

The current spate of scandals, in which nearly half the council is under
investigation, shows it isn't enough.

"We've got all these different people watching the stables, yet the horses still
get out," former mayor Anthony Williams said.

Of course, Williams and other local leaders have proved that they don't
necessarily need a boss or machine to keep corruption at bay.

No major scandal tainted Williams. Likewise, in Prince George's, Wayne Curry
wasn't personally implicated in scandal in his eight years as county executive
before Johnson. The current county executive, Rushern Baker, has put ethics
reform high on his agenda.

Baker in Prince George's and Gray in the District would benefit from having a
shrewd, resolute ally to keep the greedy from overstepping the line, even if
they might succeed without one. Peter O'Malley set the example.

mccartneyr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 29, 2007, Monday

New majority, same old political trick;
Democrats promptly added five more votes

BYLINE: George Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 780 words


"The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several states . . ."

--Constitution of the United States, Article I, Section 2.

"What's the Constitution between friends?"

- Rep. Timothy Campbell, a Tammany Democrat, to Democratic President Grover
Cleveland after Cleveland said that a bill Campbell favored was
unconstitutional.

WASHINGTON - There they go again. House Democrats should at least provide
variety in their venality.

Last week, fresh from legislating new ethics regarding relations with lobbyists,
they demonstrated that there are worse forms of corruption than those involving
martinis and money.

They again voted to give the delegates to the House from Guam, American Samoa,
the Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, and the resident commissioner
from Puerto Rico, the right to vote in the House when it is sitting as the
"Committee of the Whole," which is how it sits almost all the time.

It is in that status that almost all debate about and amending of legislation
occur.

If these five votes decide the outcome of a vote in the Committee of the Whole,
the matter at issue will be automatically re-voted by the full House without
those five participating.

Still, these five faux members will have powers equal to those of real members
on everything but final passage of bills, which often is more perfunctory than
the process that leads to that. Almost always, all five delegates are Democrats.
(Puerto Rico's current resident commissioner is the first Republican in 100
years.)

What part of the words "several states" do House Democrats not understand? Their
cynical assumption is that "the people of the several states" will not notice
this dilution of their representation in the House.

Members of Congress today represent, on average, 687,000 people.

The population of Guam is 171,000; of American Samoa, 58,000; and of the Virgin
Islands, 109,000.

The 3.9 million Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have the right to vote for
statehood, which they have rejected in three plebiscites (1967, 1993, 1998).

The 58,000 Samoans pay no federal income taxes, but their delegate will be able
to participate in raising the taxes of, say, Montanans.

Samoa's delegate will have virtually the same power as Rep. Denny Rehberg, who
represents all 944,000 Montanans. Obviously the Democrats' reverence for the
principle "one person, one vote" is, well, situational.

January 1993 was the last time Democrats engaged in this cynical political
alchemy, transmuting delegates from four island jurisdictions, and one from the
seat of the federal government, into the functional equivalents of
representatives selected by people of "the several states."

In January 1993, two months after they lost 10 House seats, they counterfeited
half that many votes - even though they had an 82-seat majority. One year later,
such arrogance contributed to the Democrats' loss of their House majority.

In 1970, Democrats were contemplating allowing Puerto Rico's resident
commissioner to serve with powers equal to those of real members, but only on
standing committees.

Rep. Tom Foley, a Washington Democrat then in his third term, told his
colleagues that would be fine because those committees are created by the House,
not the Constitution, and "can be extinguished at will and created at will."

Furthermore, service on committees involves only "preliminary advisory votes."

But, he added, "it is very clear" that "a constitutional amendment would be
required" to give a resident commissioner "a vote in the Committee of the Whole
of the full House."

By 1992, when Foley, then in his 14th term, was speaker, and full of the sense
of entitlement that deranged Democrats in the last years of their 40-year hold
on the House, he supported what the next Democratic speaker, Nancy Pelosi, has
now done.

In 1994, Foley became the first speaker since 1862 to be defeated, and the new
Republican majority undid what the Democrats had done.

For Speaker Pelosi, two questions about the possible scope of majoritarian
abuse: Given the disregard of the unambiguous language and clear intent of
Article I, Section 2 - which uses the word "state" eight times to designate the
only entity from which a member of the House may be chosen - do you acknowledge
any impediment to using your majority to give "Committee of the Whole" voting
power to a delegate from, say, the AFL-CIO?

Or, for that matter: Do you think that Article I, Section 5 ("Each house shall
be the judge of the . . . qualifications of its own members") allows your
majority to give such voting powers to your hairdresser? If not, why not?

Will may be reached by e-mail at georgewill@washpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              383 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 28, 2007 Sunday

Arrogant Demos pad margin with island votes

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7c

LENGTH: 789 words


"The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several states ..."

- Constitution of the United States, Article I, Section 2.

"What's the Constitution between friends?"

- Rep. Timothy Campbell, a Tammany Democrat, to Democratic President Grover
Cleveland after Cleveland said that a bill Campbell favored was
unconstitutional.

WASHINGTON - There they go again. House Democrats should at least provide
variety in their venality. Last Wednesday, fresh from legislating new ethics
regarding relations with lobbyists, they demonstrated that there are worse forms
of corruption than those involving martinis and money.

They again voted to give the delegates to the House from Guam, American Samoa,
the Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, and the resident commissioner
from Puerto Rico, the right to vote in the House when it is sitting as the
"Committee of the Whole," which is how it sits almost all the time. It is in
that status that almost all debate about and amending of legislation occur.

If these five votes decide the outcome of a vote in the Committee of the Whole,
the matter at issue will be automatically revoted by the full House without
those five participating. Still, these five faux members will have powers equal
to those of real members on everything but final passage of bills, which often
is more perfunctory than the process that leads to that. Almost always, all five
delegates are Democrats. (Puerto Rico's current resident commissioner is the
first Republican in 100 years.)

What part of the words "several states" do House Democrats not understand? Their
cynical assumption is that "the people of the several states" will not notice
this dilution of their representation in the House.

Members of Congress today represent, on average, 687,000 people. The population
of Guam is 171,000; of American Samoa, 58,000; and of the Virgin Islands,
109,000. The 3.9 million Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have the right to
vote for statehood, which they have rejected in three plebiscites (1967, 1993,
1998).

The 58,000 Samoans pay no federal income taxes, but their delegate will be able
to participate in raising the taxes of, say, Montanans. Samoa's delegate will
have virtually the same power as Rep. Denny Rehberg, who represents all 944,000
Montanans. Obviously the Democrats' reverence for the principle "one person, one
vote" is, well, situational.

January 1993 was the last time Democrats engaged in this cynical political
alchemy, transmuting delegates from four island jurisdictions, and one from the
seat of the federal government, into the functional equivalents of
representatives selected by people of "the several states." In January 1993, two
months after they lost 10 House seats, they counterfeited half that many votes -
even though they had an 82-seat majority. One year later, such arrogance
contributed to the Democrats' loss of their House majority.

In 1970, Democrats were contemplating allowing Puerto Rico's resident
commissioner to serve with powers equal to those of real members, but only on
standing committees. Rep. Tom Foley, a Washington Democrat then in his third
term, told his colleagues that would be fine because those committees are
created by the House, not the Constitution, and "can be extinguished at will and
created at will." Furthermore, service on committees involves only "preliminary
advisory votes." But, he added, "it is very clear" that "a constitutional
amendment would be required" to give a resident commissioner "a vote in the
Committee of the Whole of the full House." By 1992, when Foley, then in his 14th
term, was speaker, and full of the sense of entitlement that deranged Democrats
in the last years of their 40-year hold on the House, he supported what the next
Democratic speaker, Nancy Pelosi, has now done. In 1994, Foley became the first
speaker since 1862 to be defeated, and the new Republican majority undid what
the Democrats had done.

For Speaker Pelosi, two questions about the possible scope of your majoritarian
abuse: Given your disregard of the unambiguous language and clear intent of
Article I, Section 2 - which uses the word "state" eight times to designate the
only entity from which a member of the House may be chosen - do you acknowledge
any impediment to using your majority to give "Committee of the Whole" voting
power to a delegate from, say, the AFL-CIO?

Or, for that matter: Do you think that Article I, Section 5 ("Each house shall
be the judge of the ... qualifications of its own members") allows your majority
to give such voting powers to your hairdresser? If not, why not?

(George Will writes for the Washington Post. His syndicated column appears
Sundays and Thursdays.)

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday

More honest, less colorful

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


CHICAGO - Twenty-five years ago when I was in Chicago beginning my career, I
used to go to the Billy Goat Tavern to drink like a reporter. The Billy Goat -
half relic, half tourist trap - was under Michigan Avenue between The Tribune
and The Sun-Times. It had laminated articles, half-forgotten bylines and
pictures of dead reporters tacked all over the walls. I could sit and imagine I
was breathing the same air that had been inhaled by George Ade, Nelson Algren,
Ben Hecht, Theodore Dreiser, Eugene Field and Mike Royko.

The golden age of Chicago journalism was just then coming to an end, the long
tradition of urban realists who had treated Chicago the way Dickens had treated
London. Ade, Algren and the rest didn't make their names writing about the
city's leading figures. They filled their columns with stories about the
small-time grafters, hustlers, bar-stool philosophers and other eccentric
specimens they found in the working-class neighborhoods where many of them grew
up. It's hard to imagine now, but in Chicago, even 20 years ago, the working
class was portrayed more vividly in the newspapers than the upscale consumer
class, and workers weren't depicted as members of the noble but oppressed
proletariat - objects fit for genteel compassion. The old neighborhoods were
portrayed uncondescendingly, as scrambling menageries, where aspirations of
lace-curtain respectability competed with the hoodlum's ethic: Where's mine?
Reporters who covered this turf expected venality and took a connoisseur's
delight in tales of petty greed. Royko wrote a column about one of the city's
deputy coroners who was charging a line of visitors $5 each for a peek at a dead
gangster. A cop came across another coroner as he was huffing and puffing to get
a ring off a fresh corpse. "Whadya think you're doing?" the cop asked. The
coroner was caught red-handed, so he turned to the cop and said unblushingly,
"OK, you can have the wristwatch." Chicago came to define itself according to
the deranged but lovable characters it read about in the morning press. There
never was a town so shaped by journalism, or a better place to practice the
trade. And the underlying message of all these column inches was that human
beings are selfish connivers, on the make in ways big and small, and since the
powerful have the capacity to grab more than the powerless, they always have to
be challenged and opposed. Unlike the well-meaning goo-goos along the lakefront,
the reporters didn't believe the poor were nobler than the rich, they just
practiced graft on a smaller scale. This week, I happened to stop in at the
Billy Goat, which hasn't changed a bit though the world above it is transformed.
No American city has progressed as much in the past two decades as Chicago. It's
richer, cleaner, more livable, more honest though less colorful than it was. The
social conditions that underlay the urban realist reporting of the old days no
longer exist. Chicago is no longer the city of broad shoulders but of cultural
workers. The newspaper-devouring working class no longer exists. The old
neighborhoods are not as cohesive (or insular). A Daley is still mayor, but the
machine is gone. There is no real working-class consciousness in popular culture
today. The city is now shaped by the suburbs. Slats Grobnik has given way to
legions of grown-up Ferris Buellers. Most of all, there has been the great
upscalization. In 1981, Royko moved from his bungalow near Milwaukee Avenue to a
high-rise along the lakefront, and that was really the death-marker of the old
style. America's cultural tone is no longer set by aspiring working-class
novelists who grew up above a tavern. It's set by globally savvy college grads,
who, even if they visit the Billy Goat from time to time, see the world from a
different vantage point. What's changed Chicago also has changed journalism. Now
journalism is the subject of academic disciplines and panel discussions.
Newspapers are more cosmopolitan but less picturesque. Journalists are less
novelistic and rely more on studies, statistics and social science. Now even
writing about poverty is done from the perspective of the affluent educated
class. It's not completely wrong to say I went into journalism because of the
ghosts I thought I felt at the Billy Goat, but it turns out that I, a
soft-drinking college grad, was part of the wave of cultural change that buried
what was created there. We've progressed, for better and worse.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              385 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 6, 1988, Tuesday, Final Edition

Theater;
'The Gift': Missing The Message

BYLINE: Megan Rosenfeld, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE E2

LENGTH: 467 words


Marcia, the mother in "The Gift of Giving," a holiday play for children at the
Kennedy Center, has Christmas burnout and it is easy to understand why. She is
not only exhausted from the hundreds of chores the holiday brings with it, but
she is also exasperated that her husband and two children have not one drop of
human kindness running through their greedy veins.

This is a promising premise for a play -- especially for children in a season
where their worst tendencies are often encouraged and their best ignored.
Unfortunately "The Gift of Giving" falls short in almost every respect; the
script is clumsy, the direction awkward, the performances strained, and the set
so minimal it is almost superfluous.

The main message of Jeff Church's play is not that Christmas is a ridiculous
frenzy of venality, but that Mom should do twice as much work to put a little
meaning back into her family's celebration. Her solution is to join a
church-sponsored adopt-a-poor-family program, which involves producing a
decorated tree, a complete meal and presents for another family. So what happens
is only the most minimal cutting back for her own family -- who until the end
are terrified that Mom's do-gooding will mean less for them -- and more buying
to include the less fortunate.

It doesn't seem to occur to anyone that getting up at dawn to stand in line at
the toy store to buy the only doll that the little poor girl has her heart set
on is crazy, and a symbol of exactly what's wrong with Christmas. Sure, it's
great that they'd like to make some unknown child's dreams come true, but is
buying into the consumer pigout really the best way to do that?

Believe me, I know where Marcia is coming from. One only has to glance at
supermarket magazines to see that parents are constantly trying to figure out
ways to neutralize the commercialization of Christmas before their little
darlings turn into monsters. At the same time, everyone likes to create a little
magic every now and then, and buying something is usually the easiest way to do
that. Karin Abromaitis plays Marcia with a certain Blythe Danner-ish charm, but
she cannot surmount the script, and is given little help from her fellow actors.

What Church has failed to see is that buying something for unknown poor people
is still buying something; it's a gift from the pocketbook more than the heart.
So don't look for helpful holiday tips from this play.

The Gift of Giving, by Jeff Church. Directed by Mary Hall Surface, set by Jane
Williams Flank, costumes by Catherine Adair, lights by Kim Peter Kovac, sound by
Neil McFadden. With Karin Abromaitis, Brian Desmond, Steve Smith, Rachel
Orsinger, Melody Givens, Nili Tamara Bassman and John Ross. In the Theater Lab
at the Kennedy Center at different times through Dec. 18.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              386 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            January 31, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Obama's riddle: withdraw or keep military aid?;
America must stay unequivocally on the side of freedom and reform. That means
making a break with the past

BYLINE: Bill Emmott

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1056 words


It is a sobering thought, for any European or American prone to proselytising
for democracy and human rights, that this month's events in Tunisia, Egypt and
other Arab dictatorships have had so little apparent connection to anything the
West does or says. It is even a tad embarrassing that it is al-Jazeera, a
broadcaster backed by the dictators of Qatar, that has been closed down first in
Egypt and not the BBC or CNN.

That embarrassment is, however, as nothing compared with the fact that the
rulers being overthrown were previously known as our "strategic allies". We did
little to bring them down - at least Hosni Mubarak has so far paid no heed to
the phone calls he has had from Barack Obama and David Cameron, urging him to
democratise Egypt - and yet so far we seem to have escaped direct blame for the
rulers' past sins. However, if that immunity from blame lasts it will be, shall
we say, quite surprising.

Perhaps this is unfair. Perhaps WikiLeaks' revelations of America's honest view
of the Tunisian dictator's venality and incompetence have played a part;
perhaps, a loyal US spokesman might now say, the tough speech in Doha, the
Qatari capital, on January 13 by Hillary Clinton, the Secretary of State,
warning Arab governments that unless they reformed they would be in danger,
might have caused a few ripples; perhaps the European Union's "Barcelona
Process" of talks with the other side of the Mediterranean over trade and aid
amid muffled mumbles about political development made some minute difference. We
don't and can't know. Like Mr Mubarak right now, we need to be humble about our
own powerlessness.

We shouldn't, admittedly, be too self-deprecatory about this.

Revolutions have always happened in unpredictable ways at unpredictable times,
making it impossible to say with any certainty why the crowds formed and the
necessary sense of collective bravery emerged in one country at one time and not
in another country at another time.

Contagion helps, and so does the dissemination of information about how an
overthrow was organised, whether by internal groups, by outside lobbies such as
the International Centre on Non-Violent Conflict in New York, or just through
Western media coverage.

The main tool by which we can promote democracy and other freedoms is by our own
conduct and example. The trouble is, that also includes our conduct towards the
dictators. Everyone knows about realpolitik, and most accept the need to do
deals even with people we view with distaste, for ever risking accusations of
double standards. But realpolitik leaves a trail that is likely to be exposed
eventually: in a revolution, the archives are thrown open, previously silent
people talk, and in an atmosphere of recrimination people look for culprits.

As that happens, in Egypt's case especially, the West is at serious risk of
becoming a target for militant groups, a focus for new sorts of nationalism even
amid a move to democracy, if or (we hope) when the Mubarak regime does fall.

The trail is, as with most things, chiefly an American one. It dates back to the
peace treaty between Israel and Egypt in 1979, and the decision made at the time
to give military aid to Egypt to represent a sort of balance to the aid given to
Israel. Such promises really ought to be made with a sunset clause, since 32
years later the Mubarak regime is still receiving $1.3 billion of military aid
each year from America, making it the second biggest recipient of American aid
after Israel.

What to do about this aid is now going to become one of President Obama's
nastiest headaches. If he is to be sincere and consistent in his calls for
democracy and support for the Egyptian demonstrators, then he really ought to be
threatening President Mubarak with the immediate withdrawal of the aid if he
does not stand down and move to democracy. That would certainly place the Obama
Administration ahead of its predecessor, given that George W. Bush oscillated
between public pressure on Egypt to bring in reforms and pusillanimity when it
later locked up dissidents at a time when Egypt's support became more crucial.

Yet Mr Obama is caught in a trap of America's own historical making: if he
eliminates old accusations of double standards by using financial leverage in
Egypt now, he will be accused immediately - and justifiably - of a new double
standard, given that he has been unwilling to use similar financial leverage on
Israel over its illegal settlements.

The best course of action would be to cast the past aside. America, Britain and
other European countries need to stand clearly and indubitably on the side of
freedom and reform in Tunisia and Egypt, not only because that is right but also
because it is prudent: they cannot know what might happen next in other
countries in this volatile region.

So it would be a mistake to try to be too strategically clever, whether in
supporting one country and not others, or in advocating particular forms of
democracy over others. Tunisians and Egyptians need to decide that for
themselves, and if like the Palestinian voters they end up choosing a party such
as Hamas, then so be it.

This surely means that the military aid to Egypt needs soon to be abolished,
replaced diplomatically by an open promise of straightforward economic aid,
investment and trade access, in order to avoid seeming to undermine the nation
as a whole. If that is not done, then America risks finding itself having to
decide on whether to continue sending aid to whatever new government emerges, be
it liberal or from the Muslim Brotherhood militant group.

That also, however, means that America needs to grasp the Israeli nettle, and
should be urged to do so by its British allies. The 1979 arrangement made sense
at the time, and it may well still make sense to ensure through scientific and
military co-operation that Israel has the military technology necessary to deter
attacks. But sending it billions of dollars every year makes no sense at all,
beyond making the West an enemy even of the new democratically elected
governments we now hope will emerge. The world is changing, and our policies in
the Middle East are going to have to change too.

You, the editor What do you think of today's Times? Send your 250-word review by
3pm to YouTheEditor@thetimes.co.uk

Sending billions of dollars to Israel makes no sense either

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The President has seen Egypt's history. Now he must contemplate the
future

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

GOP throws down gauntlet on Dodd-Frank;
Plan is most serious effort yet to go beyond being the party of 'No'

BYLINE: @ddelamaide, Special for , USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 957 words


There are two sides to every story, and House Republicans have now presented
their alternative to Dodd-Frank, describing the 2010 financial reform as
"failed" legislation based upon "faulty principle, faulty premise and faulty
policy."

Even as Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president,
continues to generate controversy and concern about his party's prospects in
this fall's election, Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas, chairman of the House
Financial Services Committee, unveiled a revision of Dodd-Frank that would
require Republican control of Congress and the White House to pass.

In a speech last week, Hensarling said none of Dodd-Frank's goals -- financial
stability, ending too big to fail and lifting the economy -- has  been realized.

"Today the big banks are bigger, and the small banks are fewer," he told an
audience at the Economic Club of New York. "In other words, even more banking
assets are now concentrated in the so-called 'too big to fail' firms. Pray tell,
how does this promote financial stability?"

Hensarling went so far as to evoke everybody's new favorite Founding Father,
Alexander Hamilton, to bolster his argument for limiting the role of government,
citing the Federalist Papers to the effect that human nature is not "universal
venality" and doesn't need intervention by an unlimited government to control
its every impulse.

For his part, Trump has pledged to roll back Dodd-Frank -- a 2,000-page law
mandating hundreds of specific regulations -- and to alleviate the burden of
government regulation on business in general.

This is, of course, classic Republican policy and demonstrates that Trump is
more in sync with the party than the maverick aspects of his campaign might
indicate. Hensarling was among the nine House committee chairmen who endorsed
Trump last month, saying he gives the party the best chance of holding its
congressional majorities.

The goals of the proposed Financial CHOICE (Creating Hope and Opportunity for
Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs) Act, as described by Hensarling, are
transparent capital markets, the chance for each individual to achieve financial
independence, protecting consumers from fraud while preserving their choices,
ending too big to fail and taxpayer bailouts, and replacing with simple rules a
complex regulatory apparatus that can be gamed.

Part of that simplicity is to offer banks the option of raising their capital
ratio to 10% in exchange for being freed from the Dodd-Frank regulatory regime.

"Think of it as a market-based, equity-financed Dodd-Frank off-ramp," Hensarling
said.

Large banks would have to raise significant amounts of new equity capital to
meet this ratio, while most community banks, already highly capitalized, would
generally not need to raise more.

Higher capital requirements have, in fact, been a key element of reforms pushed
by the Federal Reserve and other bank regulators, urged on by vocal academic
critics such as Simon Johnson of MIT and Anat Admati of Stanford.

To take care of too big to fail, Hensarling proposes "bankruptcy, not bailouts."
Rather than rely on Dodd-Frank's vague and untested "orderly liquidation
authority" giving regulators wide discretion in winding down a bank -- including
use of government funds if necessary -- the new bill incorporates previously
passed legislation to create a subchapter of the bankruptcy code for complex
financial institutions.

This change, Hensarling argues, would ensure an impartial process in the
judicial system, provide stakeholders with clear expectations based on settled
legal precedent and would not involve any bailout as part of the liquidation or
reorganization.

A third major prong of Hensarling's legislation would be to make the new
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau more accountable by making it more like
other regulatory agencies.

The bureau created by Dodd-Frank at the behest of Elizabeth Warren, who headed
the congressional oversight of the bailout program before becoming a senator
from Massachusetts, is sui generis in that it is headed by a single director
endowed with considerable discretion and relatively free from oversight.

The new bill would install a five-member commission on the model of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory agencies, with the
concomitant bipartisan allocation of those seats.

The Republican proposal has a profusion of other details -- from making it
harder to formulate new regulations (by adding a cost-benefit analysis and
requiring final approval by Congress) to eliminating the Volcker Rule banning
banks from speculative trading.

Republicans have been making noises about repealing Dodd-Frank since it was
passed. Hensarling himself held some spurious hearings last year that were
patently ideological in nature with the star witness being the unreconstructed
former Texas senator, Phil Gramm, who championed deregulation in the 1990s.

The difference this time is that the new legislation does not repeal Dodd-Frank
so much as replace it with alternative measures that the Republicans argue will
be more effective than the reform legislation has proved to be.

The new legislation, the Republican committee says, actually faces opposition
from the banks, as reported by The New York Times last month.

It is certainly the most serious effort yet by the Republicans to go beyond
being the party of "No" in this important policy sector.

Even if the stars don't align for Republican control of government, the new
proposals are in part at least a constructive effort to spotlight Dodd-Frank's
flaws and show the way to improve it.

Columnist Darrell Delamaide has reported on business and economics for Dow Jones
news service, Barron's, Institutional Investor and Bloomberg News, among others.


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Mark Wilson, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Trump's success and America's character

BYLINE: By Dick Meyer

LENGTH: 860 words


At some point after Donald Trump is defeated in November or impeached some time
after that, America will take a hung-over look in our collective mirror and get
a cold chill at the thought of how far this bad man got.

The explanations we use now - angry white males, Hillary Clinton's unpopularity,
celebrity culture, the urge to nuke the establishment - are helpful but don't
add up to 100 percent. And they go too easy on Trump's fans and foes alike.

Voting for Trump is akin to voting for Richard Nixon after Watergate exposed his
venality, paranoia, racism and disregard of the law. Trump has always been an
open book of vices. He embraces them every day on the campaign trail. They are
evident in his biography.

Have so many voters in this country ever embraced a known sinner like Trump? Has
a major party ever nominated such a delinquent? Of course not.

In a recent debate, Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., said that Trump was a role model
for children. Ayotte issued an emergency retraction within hours, well before
bedtime when New Hampshire's children might have had Trump-induced nightmares.
"I misspoke tonight," Ayotte said in the statement.

What parent could think of Trump as a role model? It's hard to imagine.
Americans have always had a healthy skepticism of politicians as a class. We're
rarely inclined toward political hero worship. We don't expect even our
presidents to be saints in their private lives, as Bill Clinton amply proved.

But voters are tough and usually keen judges of character and values - and
character judgment guides votes much more than policy analysis. With good
reason.

"The President is the symbol of who the people of the United States are," a
leading conservative intellectual wrote. "He is the person who stands for us in
the eyes of the world and the eyes of our children."

That was written by William Bennett. For those who don't remember, Bennett was
Ronald Reagan's secretary of education. He went on to a big career as America's
top conservative purveyor of virtue and moral tutelage. His 1993 "The Book of
Virtues" was a best-seller, as was "The Children's Book of Virtues."

As the National Review, a bastion of American conservatism and Trump opposition,
recently pointed out, no one exemplifies the moral hypocrisy of Republican
Trump-coddlers than Bennett.

The philosophic and pragmatic core of conservatism in the West has always been
about conserving the wisdom, traditions and values that evolve in society
throughout history and being skeptical about change, iconoclasm and social
engineering.

"It is our character that supports the promise of our future - far more than
particular government programs or policies," Bennett wrote in a passage National
Review unearthed.

"If we are surrounded by the trivial and the vicious, it is all too easy to make
our peace with it," he wrote.

Well, Wise William has certainly made peace with the trivial and vicious Donald
Trump, whom he supports. What is his reason for backing a man who has been
called a "Howard Stern conservative"?

Well, Trump does not need to "speak to" the Never Trumpers, Bennett said, "who
suffer from a terrible case of moral superiority and put their own vanity and
taste above the interest of the country." That's rich: William Bennett scolding
Trump's opponents for sanctimony.

"Anybody played team sports out there? Let's get behind this guy," Bennett said
during an appearance on Fox News.

Yes, compromise your beliefs, ethical palette and sense of decency for the sake
of team spirit.

Bennett is just an extreme example of the moral and character blindness that has
infected so many Trumpers. Yes, many Republicans have fought Trump ferociously,
especially national security officials, congressional alumni and conservative
polemicists. But the core Republican Party infrastructure (establishment is too
strong a word these days) has coddled this candidate who mocks all traditional
conservative values and mores.

Pre-2016, American conservatives might have said the problem is "moral
relativism," an amoral willingness to tolerate or even enjoy Trump's blatant,
promiscuous immorality and vice.

Ayotte had it right and it is obvious and intuitive: Trump is the opposite of a
role model. He ostentatiously relishes his greed, conceit, power and meanness.
He lies relentlessly and admits it occasionally, usually with a grin and wink.
He is the ultimate "me first-er." This is all as obvious as his helmet of orange
hair.

So why do roughly 40 percent of potential voters like the man? Why has the
Republican Party sold its soul to him, cheaply? Why are the rest of us unable to
make the case against Trump?

I do not believe that anyone of such obvious and widely recognized low character
has ever gotten so far in American politics as Trump.

I think and hope that the particular mix of conditions that spawned Hurricane
Donald - white anger, economic anxiety, racism, nativism and "know nothing-ism"
- will wane over time. I am less sanguine about our character judgment.

Dick Meyer is Chief Washington Correspondent for the Scripps Washington
Bureau.Readers may send him email at dick.meyer@scripps.com This column was
distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

What Trump's success says about America

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 912 words

ABSTRACT

Meyer column 10/9

FULL TEXT

At some point after Donald Trump is defeated in November or impeached some time
after that, America will take a hung-over look in our collective mirror and get
a cold chill at the thought of how far this bad man got.

The explanations we use now - angry white males, Hillary Clinton's unpopularity,
celebrity culture, the urge to nuke the establishment - are helpful but don't
add up to 100 percent. And they go too easy on Trump's fans and foes alike.

Voting for Trump is akin to voting for Richard Nixon after Watergate exposed his
venality, paranoia, racism and disregard of the law. Trump has always been an
open book of vices. He embraces them every day on the campaign trail. They are
evident in his biography.

Have so many voters in this country ever embraced a known sinner like Trump? Has
a major party ever nominated such a delinquent? Of course not.

In a recent debate, Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., said that Trump was a role model
for children. Ayotte issued an emergency retraction within hours, well before
bedtime when New Hampshire's children might have had Trump-induced nightmares.
"I misspoke tonight," Ayotte said in the statement.

What parent could think of Trump as a role model? It's hard to imagine.
Americans have always had a healthy skepticism of politicians as a class. We're
rarely inclined toward political hero worship. We don't expect even our
presidents to be saints in their private lives, as Bill Clinton amply proved.

But voters are tough and usually keen judges of character and values - and
character judgment guides votes much more than policy analysis. With good
reason.

"The President is the symbol of who the people of the United States are," a
leading conservative intellectual wrote. "He is the person who stands for us in
the eyes of the world and the eyes of our children."

That was written by William Bennett. For those who don't remember, Bennett was
Ronald Reagan's secretary of education. He went on to a big career as America's
top conservative purveyor of virtue and moral tutelage. His 1993 "The Book of
Virtues" was a best-seller, as was "The Children's Book of Virtues."

As the National Review, a bastion of American conservatism and Trump opposition,
recently pointed out, no one exemplifies the moral hypocrisy of Republican
Trump-coddlers than Bennett.

The philosophic and pragmatic core of conservatism in the West has always been
about conserving the wisdom, traditions and values that evolve in society
throughout history and being skeptical about change, iconoclasm and social
engineering.

"It is our character that supports the promise of our future - far more than
particular government programs or policies," Bennett wrote in a passage National
Review unearthed.

"If we are surrounded by the trivial and the vicious, it is all too easy to make
our peace with it," he wrote.

Well, Wise William has certainly made peace with the trivial and vicious Donald
Trump, whom he supports. What is his reason for backing a man who has been
called a "Howard Stern conservative"?

Well, Trump does not need to "speak to" the Never Trumpers, Bennett said, "who
suffer from a terrible case of moral superiority and put their own vanity and
taste above the interest of the country."

That's rich: William Bennett scolding Trump's opponents for sanctimony.

"Anybody played team sports out there? Let's get behind this guy," Bennett said
during an appearance on Fox News.

Yes, compromise your beliefs, ethical palette and sense of decency for the sake
of team spirit.

Bennett is just an extreme example of the moral and character blindness that has
infected so many Trumpers. Yes, many Republicans have fought Trump ferociously,
especially national security officials, congressional alumni and conservative
polemicists. But the core Republican Party infrastructure (establishment is too
strong a word these days) has coddled this candidate who mocks all traditional
conservative values and mores.

Pre-2016, American conservatives might have said the problem is "moral
relativism," an amoral willingness to tolerate or even enjoy Trump's blatant,
promiscuous immorality and vice.

Ayotte had it right and it is obvious and intuitive: Trump is the opposite of a
role model. He ostentatiously relishes his greed, conceit, power and meanness.
He lies relentlessly and admits it occasionally, usually with a grin and wink.
He is the ultimate "me first-er." This is all as obvious as his helmet of orange
hair.

So why do roughly 40 percent of potential voters like the man? Why has the
Republican Party sold its soul to him, cheaply? Why are the rest of us unable to
make the case against Trump?

I do not believe that anyone of such obvious and widely recognized low character
has ever gotten so far in American politics as Trump.

I think and hope that the particular mix of conditions that spawned Hurricane
Donald - white anger, economic anxiety, racism, nativism and "know nothing-ism"
- will wane over time. I am less sanguine about our character judgment.

- Dick Meyer is Chief Washington Correspondent for the Scripps Washington Bureau
and DecodeDC (www.newsnet5.com/decodedc). Readers may send him email at
dick.meyer@scripps.com

Writing us

The Times-Herald encourages letters to be sent via email. Those letters are more
likely to be published in a timely fashion.

Letters can be emailed to opinion@timesheraldonline.com, or sent via mail to:
Letters, Vallejo Times-Herald, 420 Virginia Street, Suite 2A, Vallejo, CA,
94590.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Turan Information Agency

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday

The Public Chamber: Let Ilham Aliyev Pay Kozeny out of his pocket

LENGTH: 328  words


Baku/15.05.13/Turan:

On Wednesday, the Public Chamber of Commerce held hearings on corruption,
"Kozeny scandal" at the "Musavat" party's office.

The head of the Popular Front Party, Ali Kerimli noted that this scam10 years
ago, shows the venality and corruption of government members of Azerbaijan. He
discussed with SOCAR leadership the question on privatization of the company.
After receiving verbal consent, Kozeny began to collect money from investors and
to purchase vouchers from the public. Then it became known the state company
would not be privatized.

As a result, the affected investors filed a lawsuit in a New York court that
brought Kozeny to justice. At the trial, it was reported that Kozeny actually
received assurances from official Baku in the future privatization of SOCAR, the
representatives of Azerbaijani authorities were paid multi-million dollar
bribes.

According to some reports, former president Heydar Aliyev received $83 million,
with the total damage to investors totaling $300 million.

Kerimli explained, by the recent statement, to the current head of Azerbaijan,
Ilham Aliyev, that Baku is ready to pay the victim-investors $150 million
through the sale of state property of Azerbaijan, according to American press.

Kerimli called such a scenario, an attempt by the authorities "to pay their own
debts at the expense of the people," and added that one day they will answer for
it.

The leader of "Musavat", Isa Gambar, said that Baku has always said the charges
of Kozeny is slander. "Now they are ready to pay 150 million. It means that the
allegations of corruption were not slander," he said.

Lawyer Vidadi Mirkyamal said that Ilham Aliyev readiness to pay 150 million is
criminal. This debt, the Aliyevs family must pay out of their own pocket, and
not by the people's money, he said.

The panelists noted that it is impossible to bring the perpetrators to justice
without a change of government. However, sooner or later it will be done.-05C-

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1362


                        Copyright 2013 Turan News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Jerusalem Post

                             April 1, 2001, Sunday

CONSPIRACY THEORISTS ALIVE AND WELL

BYLINE: Ed Nutter

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 151 words

HIGHLIGHT: Readers' Letters


Sir, - The prevailing perspective from the US regarding the Rich pardon is
disgust with the venality of former president Bill Clinton. What needs to be
understood about antisemitism in the US is that its flames do not require
fanning from any outside source.

For that subset of conspiracy theorists who blame everything that negatively
affects them on the international Zionist conspiracy everything is perforce the
fault of the Jews."

The more "genteel" antisemitism of the sort that will predispose toward Arab
support is the kind that can actually harm Israel. These folks tend to be
educated as well as intelligent and are often in positions of influence and
power.

Marc Rich and the Hassidic Jews in New York would not have received pardons had
they not been able to pay for them or if our former president had the slightest
shred of personal integrity.

ED NUTTER San Diego.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 The Jerusalem Post


                              392 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           November 19, 2002, Tuesday

THEATRE: THE THREEPENNY OPERA ALBANY THEATRE LONDON

BYLINE: Rhoda Koenig Short-changed: the National Theatre's production of The
Threepenny; Opera'

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 507 words


At the beginning of the National Theatre's production for young audiences, the
young audience was asked to write down their associations with such words as
"queen" and "opera". "We have associations with everything, and we can't help
that," explained one of the friendly actors. "That's part of being human." Next,
another nice man divided the audience into sections and gave each a line, such
as "It's selfishness that keeps a man alive", to shout in turn or together. One
voice's unauthorised solo went unheard: "So this is why it lasts three hours."

Produced by NT Education, this Threepenny Opera is part of a mission to develop
"aesthetic appreciation, creativity, communication skills and self-esteem", but
seems a poor choice for addressing the first aim. Not only the sickeningly
patronising prologue, but direction so feeble it must have been phoned in on a
very bad line make the show long and limp. Tim Baker's cast of nine has no
performer who exhibits the crackling energy, sensuality, earthy humour, or
casually lethal chill without which there is no point in staging this classic of
venality.

The only unusual point is the awesomely terrible idea of having the performers
play musical instruments. This may seem brilliant to the accounting department,
but it means that the actress who plays sweet Polly Peachum, and whose range has
only three settings (sulk, squawk, air-raid siren), is even more unconvincing
when she picks up a slide trombone.

Nor can the aesthetically inclined concentrate on the words and music. A new
book, by Anthony Meech, that sets the story of East End crime and passion in the
present, is as devoid of wit as it is crammed with tin- eared coarseness. "You
cost us the same as a battleship," Mrs Peachum scolds Polly, "and you throw
yourself away like a piece of shit!" The lovemaking scenes are unenthusiastic,
and the quarrels of the criminals mere sour, enervated wrangling. Kurt Weill's
beautiful melodies, which should either grind away powerfully with the play's
nihilism or offer a poignant contrast of hopeless longing, are diminished by
weak playing and shrill, hollow voices.

Jeremy Sams's new lyrics are amusingly harsh in the vicious Army song ("We'll
help the foreigner/ To meet the coroner./ Brown or black or khaki,/ A darkie is
still a darkie") and the spat between Polly and her rival, Lucy (the latter
sings, of Polly's legs: "I reckon half the town has seen them,/ And the other
half has been between them"). But elsewhere his rewrite of the Brecht lyrics
only highlights the superiority of the originals. The great "Mack the Knife" is
now, instead of subtle and sinister, as blunt as a knife shouldn't be ("He's a
sadist, he's a rapist"); at times it doesn't even scan.

One young listener had anticipated the flavour of his educational experience.
His association with "queen", we were told, was "up shit creek", showing a skill
in communication well up to the level of the creators of this show.

RHODA KOENIG

To 23 Nov (0208-692 4446), then touring

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Independent Print Ltd


                              393 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 05, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Four Revolting Spectacles

Michael Kelly

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 799 words


Revolting spectacles are never rare in our nation's capital, and life in the
Clinton era has been unusually blessed in this regard. But the past week has
seen a really remarkable haul of stomach-turning episodes.

We here at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (East) have been so
impressed that we are moved to award a special midyear edition of our annual
prize for "the most revolting spectacle in the field of politics and/or
governance committed by a single individual or group of individuals acting in
concert."

Competition for the Sidney, as the prize is popularly known, is always fierce.
As the language of the award states, a winner must exhibit, "in a single
episode, venality, vanity, shamelessness, obscenity, dishonesty or cowardice to
a degree so far beyond the norm of Washington behavior as to offend the
sensibilities of former special White House counsel Lanny Davis or (in the rare
event that Mr. Davis is unavailable for comment) gag a goat."

Last week, we saw four revolting spectacles that clearly -- indeed
overwhelmingly -- met these lofty standards.

John F. Kennedy Jr., president and editor in chief of George magazine, was
nominated for his decision to invite to the White House Correspondents
Association annual dinner Mr. Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler magazine.

To fully grasp the enormity of this nominee's revolting spectacle, it must be
considered that Mr. Flynt is not only a pornographer but a pornographer of such
a nature as to give pornography a bad name. Mr. Flynt's flagship publication,
Hustler, is renowned for its vicious racism, its frequent and hate-filled
depictions of women subjected to acts of degradation and violence and its
reliance on fecal matter as a source for humor.

It must also be considered that Mr. Flynt is himself a man who claims to have
had sexual intercourse with, and then strangled, a chicken. And that Mr. Flynt's
daughters have accused him of sexually abusing them. And that, during the
impeachment of President Clinton, Mr. Flynt engaged in a loathsome campaign of
sexual blackmail to terrorize Republican senators and congressmen and to keep
them from pursuing their constitutional duty.

But, above all, it must be considered that Mr. Flynt is a man who first rose to
national prominence, in 1975, for printing in Hustler nude photographs of none
other than . . . the mother of John F. Kennedy Jr. A very impressive nominee.

A second nominee arising from the White House correspondents' dinner was its
guest of honor, President Clinton. Mr. Clinton was nominated for jokingly
complaining that his disgrace and impeachment over the Lewinsky affair did not
make the top 50 in a recently published list of the century's top 100 stories.
"I don't mind telling you I made the list . . . ," said Mr. Clinton. "Number 53.
Fifty-three? I mean, what does a guy have to do to make the top 50 around here?"

Impressed academy members noted that the president not only made light of the
fact that he had wrecked his second term in office, disgraced the presidency,
harmed his country, undermined the law, been impeached and been held in contempt
of court, exposed himself as an obsessive liar and conscienceless sexual
predator -- but that he did this with his wife sitting next to him. Another
very, very strong contender.

The third nominee is a group entry, comprising the entire Republican and
Democratic leadership of the House of Representatives, for leading (or rather
not leading) their members to a 213-213 tie vote on April 28, declining to
support their nation in its air war against Serbia.

This historic act of cowardice, fecklessness and partisanship deeply moved even
veteran academy members. Particularly noted was "Speaker" J. Dennis Hastert, for
voting in support of the measure but then abandoning the floor while Majority
Whip Tom DeLay successfully drummed up GOP votes in opposition. Also personally
cited was Minority Leader Dick Gephardt, for his stunning inability to come up
with the necessary switch of a single vote among 26 Democrats voting against the
leader of their nation and party.

But, in the end, all of these deserving nominees were trumped by a man who is no
stranger to these awards.

For undermining his nation during a time of war; for giving aid and comfort to
the enemy; for grandstanding on a grand and gross scale; for exploiting three
U.S. soldiers as pawns in the propaganda efforts of Slobodan Milosevic; for
rewarding Milosevic with a public call that the United States cease bombing; for
leading the freed soldiers to chant, in a supremely revolting moment, "Free at
last, free at last, thank God Almighty, free at last" . . . this special Sidney
goes to the Rev. Jesse L. Jackson.

Michael Kelly is the editor of National Journal.

LOAD-DATE: May 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              394 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 28, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Schizophrenics Need to be monitored

BYLINE: Jonathan Kellerman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1131 words


In a park where I used to walk with my children lives a woman
in rags. Sometimes she lies out in the sun, staring vacantly at
the sky. Sometimes she paces back and forth, muttering, rolling
her eyes and tearing at her hair. She eschews underwear and adopts
poses that advertise this fact. Occasionally, she stands, hunched,
under one of the gnarled Chinese elms that line the dirt pathway,
neck veins bulging, hands fisted, grimacing and haranguing passers-by.
When she does talk, her speech is rich with violence, leavened
by threats. Sometimes she just howls.


She's mad, tormented, profoundly frightening. I asked a policeman
about her, and he flashed me that smirk cops adopt when they know
they can't be forced to take action.

"Oh, that's Gertie," he said. "She's one of the regulars."

"Do you think she might be dangerous?"

Shrug. "Maybe. Can't do anything about her until she actually
does something." Another smirk, and then he drove off to prowl
for jaywalkers.

Gertie suffers from schizophrenia. The fear in her eyes and her
threats say it's of the paranoid variety. It's the same diagnosis
as that of Russell Eugene Weston Jr., the man who burst into the
Capitol last week and murdered two police officers. The fact that
Gertie and Weston and countless other madmen and madwomen have
been allowed to walk free on the streets is a testament to good
intentions and political venality gone very, very wrong.

Schizophrenia is a mental disease characterized by the deterioration
not splitting of the personality. Symptoms include disturbances
of perception (hallucinations) and thought (delusions), social
withdrawal, loss of mental function and the bizarre use of language.
Schizophrenia is what most people mean when they think of crazy.

Schizophrenia occurs in 2% to 4% of the population and is almost
certainly of biological origin. One-third of schizophrenics can
be treated with medication and backup psychotherapy to the point
where they are able to lead normal lives. Another third are untreatable.
In between are people who improve but require some kind of custodial
care.

In centuries past, schizophrenics were demonized, literally viewed
as possessed by the devil. Many of the witches burned in Europe
and America were schizophrenic. Madness as illness gained currency
in the latter half of the 19th century, and asylums were constructed
to warehouse then-untreatable "lunatics."

In the United States, the routine hospitalization of deteriorated
schizophrenics continued until the late 1960s and early 1970s,
when a bizarre political alliance resulted in the unbolting of
asylum locked wards.

On the one hand were leftist social theorists and self-appointed
civil liberties advocates, fueled by the writings of radical psychiatrists,
such as R.D. Laing and Thomas Szasz, who claimed schizophrenia
wasn't an illness at all. On the contrary, madness was glamorous,
creative, poetic, a courageous reaction to political oppression.
In this view, buttressed by novels such as One Flew Over the Cuckoo's
Nest, mental patients were extremely rugged individualists flouting
social norms, and to lock them up was fascism of the worst sort.
In the unlikely event that individual schizophrenics did require
treatment, it should always be voluntary and offered by "community
outreach centers" rather than mental hospitals.

The libertarian approach, lacking backup data but strengthened
by the fact that some state hospitals were snake pits, found favor
with some strange bedfellows: conservative politicians tired of
footing the bills for inpatient care. One by one, large asylums
were shut down, and patients were released to the mercies of hastily
conceived, short-term outpatient programs where they were expected
to show up on their own to receive pills and counseling.

They didn't. Duh. Then the outpatient programs were shut down,
and all of a sudden we had a "homeless" problem that baffled
the social theorists and penny pinchers who'd created the mess
in the first place.

Schizophrenia is not glamorous. It is torment. Madmen and madwomen
inhabit a cold, dark, terrifying world. Think of living a nightmare
24 hours a day. A nonstop, nonguided tour of Hell.

Despite this, most schizophrenics are not violent, nor do schizophrenics
constitute a significant proportion of habitual criminals. But
the oft-repeated assertion that madmen are less violent than normal
people is fiction. Schizophrenics do commit assault and murder
more frequently than non-schizophrenics two to three times as
often. And their crimes tend to be sudden, explosive and monumentally
destructive: crimes such as those of Russell Eugene Weston Jr.,
whose mental problems were well known to his family, neighbors,
and the Secret Service.

Weston fits the profile of the dangerous schizophrenic so perfectly,
he could have served as a teaching case for psychiatrists. The
most important predictors of schizophrenic violence are a hostile,
angry personality combined with a well-developed delusional system,
the latter often tinged by paranormal and quasi-religious themes.
("Aliens have imbedded a silicon chip in my head." "Mrs. Gordon
next door is the anti-Christ.")

Weston, according to news accounts, was convinced doctors had
injected him with a virus. He sued an elderly woman, barely strong
enough to lift her cane, for hitting him over the head so hard
he convinced himself he was brain-damaged. He believed himself
to be a friend of the Kennedys and espoused the view that Bill
Clinton was implicated in JFK's assassination. His short fuse
was evident to casual observers, and he'd exhibited prior violence
shotgunning some cats. When he took his medicine, he got better.
He seldom took his medicine.

Forty years ago, Weston would have been committed to a mental
hospital. In America in the '90s, he was put on a list, investigated,
observed. Ignored. Allowed the freedom to steal his father's gun.

Much has been made of the fact that schizophrenic violence can't
be prevented. This is true only because rather than housing our
Russell Westons and our Gerties in humane, secure settings where
they can be given three squares a day, clean sheets, counseling
and Thorazine, we abandon them to their own, pathetically inadequate
devices, all under the banner of democracy. Failure to commit
actively psychotic individuals is no more democratic than leaving
infants out on the sidewalk.

Will Gertie's banshee threats escalate one day to mayhem or homicide?
I don't know. No one does. But if she or any of the ragged, muttering
wraiths lurching around our streets, parks, malls and alleys does
kill someone, we have no right to be surprised.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, CNN

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              395 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 29, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Never again, we hope

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 400 words


Unlike the breathtaking wrap-up of a John LeCarre novel or a James Bond movie,
the spying career of CIA turncoat Aldrich Ames ended ingloriously.

Shackled in chains with "prisoner" stamped across the back of his inmate
jumpsuit, the 52-year-old Ames agreed to cooperate with the government and
accept life behind bars - with no hope of parole - in exchange for leniency for
his wife.

That may have been the spy's single act of nobility in years.

Ames was not the agent of intrigue that novelists or scriptwriters like to
glorify. He betrayed his country not because of ideology but for a Jaguar, a $
500,000 home in suburbia and credit card binges.

He still can't explain why he signed a death warrant for 10 double agents in the
former Soviet Union. But the KGB sent their CIA mole a $ 2 million thank you.

And unlike the wily villains of fiction, Ames got by on dumb luck. An
out-of-work teen-ager could have better hidden ill-gotten gains than the 31-year
intelligence veteran, who drove his $ 40,000 car to work every day under his
bosses' noses.

Because of a plea bargain, Ames' venality never will be fully exposed. But we
have to believe the government was right in concluding Ames' cooperation in
damage assessment was more important than a trial.

Now, with no fear of crippling a prosecution, the CIA will move quickly to
expose accomplices and errors in the system. And the law almost certainly will
be changed to help the CIA police its own.

Proposed changes call for employees in sensitive government jobs to sign
releases so the agency can track personal cash flows, bank records, investments
and tax returns.

Those reforms will help. But they alone will not stop devastating security
breaches.

CIA Director James Woolsey and other senior officials have indicated other spy
cases likely will follow. Woolsey now vows to clean up the sloppy security
practices that allowed Ames to lead his double life at CIA headquarters for 10
years

Fine. But recent history suggests such promises are often made and often broken.

Other U.S. security officials promised tighter controls in the '80s after the
spy cases of John Walker, Jonathan Pollard, the Marines at the Moscow embassy
and others. Yet Ames still drove his Jag into the CIA parking lot without
raising suspicion.

Maybe it's time for the CIA to stop tinkering and more carefully tailor its
search for spies.

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              396 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 5, 1992, Tuesday

Squirming Gingrich is a sight

BYLINE: By Tom Teepenpolitics; government; personalities; voting; public;
elections

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 29

LENGTH: 543 words


One of the few unalloyed pleasures to be had from the rank atmosphere in
Washington is the sight of Newt Gingrich writhing on the specimen pin. He has
richly earned his torment.

No one is more responsible than the House minority whip from Georgia for the
current sour tone.

Fast-mouthed, ceaselessly partisan and stuck in the attack mode for years, Mr.
Gingrich has vilified congressional Democrats in general and the House
leadership in particular with a vigor and sweep that has all but destroyed the
working civility needed to let Congress get on ordinarily with business.

In the process, he has willfully trashed Congress itself, discrediting instead
of reforming his own institution in hopes that if he can make voters disgusted
enough, they finally will turn to Republican candidates in the numbers the GOP
whip feels appropriate.

When Mr. Gingrich hounded Speaker Jim Wright from the House - casting him as
evil incarnate when he was only an unctuous old pol of little worse than
marginal venality - he transferred his attack without pause or moderation to the
new speaker, Tom Foley, an uncommonly considerate and gentlemanly leader.

Mr. Gingrich's political-action committee, GOPAC, sent some 4,000 local
Republican candidates a list of loaded words for their campaigns two years ago.

Republicans were counseled to use "optimistic positive governing words" for
themselves: liberty, toughness, reform, moral, flag, family and so on. Democrats
were to be associated with "contrasting words": waste, taxes, disgrace, shame,
lie - even traitor.

Now, with much of his familiar political turf in Georgia redistricted away, Mr.
Gingrich is carpetbagging in northern Atlanta suburbs in hopes of keeping office
and power and, sharply challenged in the Republican primary, he finds himself
being newly examined. The picture is not always pretty.

Item: Mr. Gingrich has repeatedly cast House Democrats as the tools of
special-interest PAC funds. It turns out that, so far this election, Mr.
Gingrich is in the top 12 percent of PAC beneficiaries.

Item: Mr. Gingrich hyped the sloppy little House banking mess as a mega-scandal
that it most certainly is not. It turns out Mr. Gingrich himself kited 22
checks.

Item: Mr. Gingrich has said the Democratic congressional leadership is out of
touch with real folks, living in perquisite luxury. It turns out Mr. Gingrich,
as minority whip, has been tooling around Washington in a chauffeured limo.
Caught, he has given that up, at least for now.

Item: Mr. Gingrich has said Democrats are throwing taxpayer money away to
promote their incumbencies, specifically decrying their use of Congress's
free-mail privilege. It turns out Mr. Gingrich has used freebie mail at nearly
twice the rate of any other member of Georgia's delegation. He spent $ 174,063
last year.

And now, stung by all his, Mr. Gingrich has taken the usual next-to- last refuge
of the scoundrel. He is attacking the Washington press for the free working
accommodations provided for it on Capitol Hill.

Whatever a petard is, Mr. Gingrich is being hoisted on his own, and custom
suggests that's usually an act of poetic justice. Wise old custom.

Tom Teepen is national correspondent for Cox Newspapers. He is based in Atlant
a.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              397 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Colorado Daily, Boulder

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

Colorado Daily, Boulder, The Hit List column

BYLINE: Mathew Klickstein, Colorado Daily, Boulder

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Feb. 25--Well, it's Oscar time again. I could go on ad nauseam about the
venality of the Academy and selfsame award organizations, but that's for another
story in another paper that I've already written during my illustrious,
erstwhile tenure in Hellywood.

I will say this , though: It seems the only two people in the world who didn't
much care for "The Social Network" are my social networking-obsessed former
roommate and I. In my opinion, you can't simply combine "Varsity Blues" with
"Revenge of the Nerds" and end up with a good movie.

Also being a card-carrying luddite, it was a shock to learn that as an esteemed
member of the Fourth Estate, a Facebook account might be a necessity in my
future.

But why? Isn't Facebook just MySpace for snobs?

1 James Cameron may be right

Growing up on a steady diet of "Twilight Zone," Ray Bradbury, Philip K. Dick and
Aldous Huxley makes one instantly adverse to any kind of technological
advancement that threatens to dehumanize the population. Particularly when your
father gives you a copy of "The Terminator" for your sixth birthday, as mine
had. Frankly, I've read about Facebook and similar innovations from guys talking
about it 50 years ago or more. I already know how this saga ends: we don't win.

2 'Star Wars' is fattening

I don't know exactly what the correlation is here, but there's gotta be one. I
see Facebook, Twitter, blogging and their whole realm as pernicious gateway
drugs misguiding the best minds of our generation into the equally devastating
world of Darth Vader masks, Comic Cons, Klingon dictionaries and, of course,
bottomless bags of cheese puffs.

3 Jesse Eisenberg never smiles

One viable criticism of "The Social Network" is that lead actor Jesse Eisenberg
never once smiles over the course of the film. As biopics of this nature are
said to be less about veracity and more about capturing the "essence" of their
real-life protagonists, what exactly are the filmmakers attempting to divulge
about Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg?

4 I don't want to know

An old African proverb states, "Not to know is bad. Not to want to know is
worse." I love those magical, serendipitous moments in which I bump into an old
friend I haven't seen in years. The best part of which is my not already knowing
what my friend's been up to... nor my not knowing the minutest details of his or
her breakfast that morning.

5 This quote from 1967

"We have now lost the freedom to do without computers, and it is no longer a
question of giving them power over us, but of how much power, of what kind and
of how fast we turn it over to them." -- John T. Sladek

To see more of the Colorado Daily, go to http://www.coloradodaily.com/.
Copyright (c) 2011, Colorado Daily, Boulder Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110225-1BO-Colorado-Daily-Boulder-The-Hit-List-column-0225-20110225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BO


                                 Copyright 2011


                              398 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 12, 2009 Friday
                                 Every Edition

'Pelham' Remake Is Not a Smooth Ride

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. WE26

LENGTH: 384 words


"The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3," a remake of the gritty and darkly comic 1974 film
starring Walter Matthau, is about the controlled chaos of a city that barely
works.

The new film, directed by Tony Scott ("Enemy of the State," "Top Gun"), captures
some of the grand venality of New York that made the original so much fun. As
the lead hijacker of a subway train that left the Pelham station at 1:23 p.m.,
John Travolta is in high manic mode, seething and unpredictable, violent and
charismatic. The best moments of the film are his conversations with Denzel
Washington, who plays the Matthau role, as a disgraced subway official who is
accidentally thrust into a leading role.

If the film stayed there and focused on the psychology of an ordinary guy with a
blot on his record and a crazy man who sees his own darkness in everyone, it
might have been a good film. But this is a Tony Scott film, which means it is
animated by an absurd need for excess, and manic, dizzying camera work. And it
has the usual Tony Scott tics, the misogyny and male solipsism. Women are bit
players, annoying chicks who demand professions of love even as the world is
going up in smoke.

In interviews, Scott has said he was intrigued by the film's challenges: Why
would someone hijack a subway train? Isn't it rather foolish to commit a crime
in a tunnel, where you can be easily captured? But alas, rather than solve those
problems, Scott has played whack-a-mole with verisimilitude, addressing one
implausibility only to find a dozen others.

Walter Garber, Washington's character, is both less and more than what he was in
1974, which makes his trajectory over the course of the film more dramatic and
more ridiculous.

Like most of Scott's recent films, this one ends in self-indulgent silliness.
You end up asking yourself, how do the few fun bits of the film -- James
Gandolfini plays the mayor with a mix of Michael Bloomberg's money and brains,
and Rudy Giuliani's ego and libido -- manage to survive in the midst of so much
lousy filmmaking? The answer is a bit like the city itself: If a few decent
actors play their roles and defend their turf, it doesn't matter how
preposterous the whole proposition is.

-- Philip Kennicott

The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 R, 106 minutes Contains violence and pervasive
language. Area theaters.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince George's County

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Rico Torres; Denzel Washington plays a subway dispatcher in
"The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3," also starring John Travolta.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 28, 1986, Monday, Final Edition

Harold Arlen, Giant of American Popular Music

BYLINE: By JONATHAN YARDLEY

SECTION: Style; B2

LENGTH: 1126 words


They got the obituaries all screwed up last week. Wallis Warfield Simpson, a
person of bottomless venality and stupefying superficiality, was all over the
front pages and the news broadcasts: in death, as in life, grabbing the
limelight without actually having done anything to earn it. But you had to hunt
around in the back sections to find notice of the death of Harold Arlen, age 81,
whose legacy will bring pleasure and satisfaction to millions for years to come,
as it already has for more than half a century.

If ever anyone deserved a front-page send-off it was Harold Arlen. He was a
composer of popular music, and more than a few people think there has never been
a better one. Among the public at large he was not as well-known as his more
celebrated contemporaries: George Gershwin, Irving Berlin, Jerome Kern, Cole
Porter, Richard Rodgers, Hoagy Carmichael. Yet his songs are as deeply embedded
in our popular culture as those by any other composer, and his standing among
musicians -- especially among jazz musicians, the true judges of excellence in
popular music -- is exceptionally high.

It is a measure of his reputation that of the 110 songs in "American Popular
Song," a superb recording issued two years ago by the Smithsonian Institution,
12 -- more than 10 percent -- were composed by Harold Arlen. And what songs they
are: "I Gotta Right to Sing the Blues," "Stormy Weather," "As Long As I Live,"
"Get Happy," "The Man That Got Away," "Blues in the Night," "Come Rain or Come
Shine," "When the Sun Comes Out," "My Shining Hour," "Last Night When We Were
Young," "A Sleepin' Bee" and "Ac-cent-tchu-ate the Positive."

Which is a great tribute to Arlen except that it barely scratches the surface.
"American Popular Song" may be comprehensive but it is also quirky, so it omits
these Arlen classics: "Over the Rainbow," "We're Off to See the Wizard,"
"Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea," "Ill Wind," "I Love a Parade," "I've
Got the World on a String," "Let's Fall in Love," "Any Place I Hang My Hat Is
Home," "Legalize My Name," "That Old Black Magic," "I Never Has Seen Snow" and
"It's Only a Paper Moon." Is that or is that not a Page 1 legacy?

Now that Arlen is dead only one of the giants is left: Irving Berlin, who will
be 98 years old next month and has lived as a virtual recluse for years. The
"golden age" of American popular song is over, and it can never be revived
because the conditions that spawned it have disappeared. Not merely is the
musical revue a thing of the past, but the Broadway theater no longer nourishes
innovation and the Hollywood musical is a dying breed, shrunk to remakes of
Broadway shows and rock extravaganzas. In a time when lyrics have to be printed
on record jackets so that listeners can comprehend them, the witty,
sophisticated, melodic music of the golden age seems an anachronism.

But what an age it was! In the whole history of popular music, has there ever
been a burst of creativity to match this one? It was ignited in 1911 by Berlin
with "Alexander's Ragtime Band" and doused in 1964 when the Beatles came to town
and started their own revolution. For more than 50 years it enriched our musical
heritage as nothing except jazz has done -- and without it jazz would have been
both different and poorer, for many of the songs played by black musicians from
the South and Midwest were written by white composers from the North.

Most of them were Jewish; Harold Arlen was born Hyman Arluck, and his father was
a cantor. Their music blended the seemingly irreconcilable styles of the
synagogue, the musical stage and the jazz club into a form all its own, one that
is uniquely American; if jazz is the music of people who came to this country
against their will, what we know as popular song is the music of those who came
eagerly and expectantly. Popular song is the creation of first- or
second-generation immigrants from Europe who found, in the brash irreverence and
pervasive vitality of their new land, the spark that set their imaginations
free.

No other country has produced a 20th-century popular music to match it. Music
written for the stage and screen in Britain is for the most part a pale
imitation of it; the notable exception is the music of Noel Coward, though he is
more accomplished as lyricist than as composer. Latin music is more interesting
rhythmically than melodically. The French have had some wonderful singers and
composers -- heaven knows there could be only one Edith Piaf -- but their music
is decidedly French and loses much of its charm when performed by musicians from
other countries.

The music of the American composers, by contrast, has traveled the whole world.
You can hear "Stormy Weather" at a nightclub in Japan, "Blues in the Night" on a
radio broadcast in Germany, "Over the Rainbow" at a concert in New Zealand. The
sound of the music may be distinctly American, but the emotions it touches are
universal and the melodies by which those emotions are expressed cross national
borders as easily as the breeze. Perhaps, in the era of Bruce Springsteen and
Twisted Sister, those melodies now seem a trifle innocent, even naive -- "I've
Got the World on a String," wonderful though the song itself most certainly is,
isn't a sentiment attuned to the age of anxiety -- but they speak to feelings
that aren't any passing fad, and they will endure.

Harold Arlen's music is characteristic of the golden age in its jauntiness, its
rich melodic texture and its emphasis on love songs, but it also has qualities
all its own. Perhaps the most notable of these is its heavy debt to the blues, a
decidedly black form with which most white composers have been uncomfortable;
it's a measure of how well Arlen wrote the form that many of his best blues have
been jazz standards for decades. His range was extraordinary, encompassing
everything from blues to novelty songs to ballads to crowd pleasers to
uncategorizable songs -- "When the Sun Comes Out," "Last Night When We Were
Young," "I Never Has Seen Snow" -- that are models of subtlety and
sophistication.

His death is the penultimate reminder that we'd better hang onto this music for
all it's worth, because there isn't going to be any more of it. Stephen
Sondheim's celebrated music is too often arid and arch; only Cy Coleman, on
Broadway, and Dave Frishberg and Blossom Dearie, in nightclubs, write music of
golden age wit and sophistication, and their followings are relatively small.
But of course nothing lasts forever; classic American popular song was bound to
run its course, and there's not much to be gained in fretting over its demise.
We do best to celebrate its legacy, and to rejoice in the knowledge that the
celebration can go on for as long as there is music.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              400 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 14, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER

Jeffrey A. Frank

SECTION: WASHINGTON POST MAGAZINE; PAGE W18

LENGTH: 807 words


WHEN YOU ASK ELLIOT Richardson about the idea that dark conspiracies are afoot
in the land, he appears uncomfortable and takes a few seconds to respond. "I
like to say, contrary to being a city being driven by pursuit of power, that
this is a city of cocker spaniels who are eager to be petted and admired and
loved," he says.

And yet, 19 years ago, Richardson -- who had been appointed attorney general in
April 1973, succeeding Richard Kleindienst -- found himself in the very center
of the most wrenching scandal of America's century. The Watergate affair was at
full tilt in the summer of '73: Televised hearings on Capitol Hill had brought
revelations about burglary, wiretaps, lies, venality and criminality at the
highest levels of government. In addition, the new attorney general was helping
to negotiate Spiro Agnew's resignation of the vice presidency. Agnew, faced with
evidence that he'd taken bribes and kickbacks while he was governor of Maryland,
eventually pleaded nolo contendere to a single count of income tax evasion.

Richardson's sternest test came when it was revealed that Richard Nixon had
taped his own White House conversations. When special prosecutor Archibald Cox
insisted on getting the tapes rather than accept Nixon's proposed compromise --
transcripts verified by Sen. John Stennis -- the White House decided to fire
Cox. On the night of October 20, the nation learned that Richardson had resigned
rather than dismiss Cox, and that his deputy, William Ruckelshaus, had been
fired when he too refused to obey the White House order. Cox's dismissal was
finally carried out by then-Solicitor General Robert Bork.

Typically, Richardson looks back on all this with what he acknowledges to be the
"tunnel vision" of an institutional reformer:

"Very few people would have ever understood that to me Watergate and the Agnew
case were distractions from what I wanted to do," he says, with dead
seriousness. "I wanted to do something to overcome the fact that for decades, my
predecessors had been running the Department of Justice as if it were merely a
big law office . . . There was not one body on board at the department when I
came whose responsibility was to the criminal justice system of the federal
government, and this was my paramount interest."

Even amid the storm over what was quickly dubbed the "Saturday Night Massacre,"
Richardson's generous view of America prevailed. As one prominent columnist
suggested that the dismissal of Cox and the departures of Richardson and
Ruckelshaus "had the smell of an attempted coup d'etat," as Sen. Robert Byrd of
West Virginia used phrases like "Brownshirt operation," Richardson was calm at
the center.

On the Monday after the "massacre," Richardson returned to the Justice
Department and spoke to his former employees with startling historical
detachment. In his talk to the dejected crowd, he tried to understand Nixon's
point of view on the "Stennis compromise," at one point saying this: "I can only
say that you have here a situation in which the president, and I know nothing to
call this into question, believed that the principle of the confidentiality of
communications to the president was fundamentally important."

"If I had had any demagogic impulse," Richardson says today, with a thin smile,
"there was a crowd . . . But I deliberately throttled back."

Perhaps no one will never know precisely what went through Richardson's mind in
those few days in October 1973. After only six months, circumstances were
forcing him to abandon a job he loved; and he was being forced to leave it in a
way that would surely injure his chief benefactor, Richard Nixon.

J.T. Smith, who came to Washington to work for Richardson and was his assistant
at the Justice Department, recalls, "Richardson was frankly deeply personally
troubled by the step he had to take in resigning, because he felt he owed
Richard Nixon a great deal. Rather than being an opportunity that he grasped
with glee, it was profoundly troubling to him."

Ruckelshaus, now CEO and chairman of the board of Browning-Ferris Industries,
who still talks regularly with his former boss, says this about the "massacre":
"He's a very circumspect human being, almost by nature. He tried mightily to
effect a compromise so as to avoid a confrontation with the president. He
thought several times he had a compromise effected. I think what he was downcast
about was he thought he'd failed to achieve a compromise in a situation we could
have worked out."

Ultimately, Richardson understood that there could be no compromise; he saw the
outer darkness of Watergate. And today, in his circumspect fashion, he lets you
know that he does not rule out the possibility that a similar darkness surrounds
the Inslaw case.

"There's a lot going on here," he says, "that you can't understand."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, RICHARDSON WITH SUNDAY PAPERS THE MORNING AFTER HE RESIGNED AS
ATTORNEY GENERAL RATHER THAN FIRE WATERGATE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ARCHIBALD COX.
AP; PHOTO, LUCIAN PERKINS

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              401 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Man Behind the Curtain

BYLINE: By RAJAN MENON.

Rajan Menon is a professor of political science at the City College of New York
and a senior research scholar at Columbia's Saltzman Institute of War and Peace
Studies. His book ''Conflict in Ukraine,'' written with Eugene Rumer, will be
published in January.

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 753 words


PUTIN'S KLEPTOCRACYWho Owns Russia? By Karen DawishaIllustrated. 445 pp. Simon &
Schuster. $30.  Now in his third (nonconsecutive) presidential term, Vladimir
Putin presents himself as the strong and virtuous leader who rescued Russia from
the chaos, corruption, penury and weakness of the 1990s.

State-controlled news media and Kremlin spin doctors disseminate this message
diligently -- and to good effect, judging from Putin's 80 percent approval
rating. But with ''Putin's Kleptocracy,'' Karen Dawisha, a respected scholar of
Soviet and Russian politics at Miami University in Ohio, seeks to shred this
carefully constructed narrative.

Her verdict is not merely that Putin's boast of having built a potent, efficient
state that fights for the little guy and against the venality of the powerful is
bunk. Her bedrock claims are that the essential character of Putin's system is
colossal corruption and that he is a prime beneficiary. The thievery, she says,
has made him fabulously rich, along with a coterie of trusted friends dating
back to his days as a K.G.B. officer in Communist East Germany, then as first
deputy mayor in 1990s St. Petersburg, then as head of the Federal Security
Service.

In explaining the system's workings, Dawisha enumerates the standard shenanigans
of crooked regimes: bribetaking from domestic and foreign companies seeking
business permits; kickbacks from inflated no-bid contracts for state projects;
privatization deals rigged to enrich cronies who will later be cash cows for the
Kremlin; illicit exports of raw materials purchased at state-subsidized prices
and sold for a killing; ''donations'' from oligarchs eager to keep feeding at
the government's trough; real estate scams yielding mega-profits and palatial
homes; money laundering; election-fixing; labyrinthine offshore accounts;
lucrative partnerships with the mob; and the intimidation, even elimination, of
would-be whistle-blowers.

To prosper, Russia's superrich must demonstrate absolute loyalty to the
president. As Mikhail Khodorkovsky and other tycoons have discovered, the
punishment for defiance is severe.

Dawisha won't disappoint readers seeking examples of industrial-size sleaze. She
reckons Putin's private wealth at $40 billion and lists among his prized
possessions yachts, planes and palaces -- along with a $700,000 wristwatch
collection for good measure. As for the Friends of Vladimir, Dawisha writes that
''more than half of the $50 billion spent on the Sochi Olympics simply
disappeared into the pockets of Putin's cronies.'' The Rotenberg brothers,
Putin's childhood chums, alone garnered $2.5 billion of the outlay for the
games.

Russia's roster of 110 billionaires remains remarkably static, even as the
wealthy in other countries rise and fall. What these plutocrats share are
longstanding, close connections to Putin. And not a few are former K.G.B.
operatives themselves.

Dawisha's charges are not entirely new: Her copiously researched account relies
on books, news reports, official documents, memoirs, WikiLeaks and witness
testimonies collected by Russian and foreign journalists. The torrent of detail,
some of it well known and peripheral to her kleptocracy theme, can drown readers
who are untutored in Soviet and Russian politics. Still, ''Putin's Kleptocracy''
is the most persuasive account we have of corruption in contemporary Russia.
Dawisha won't be getting a Russian visa anytime soon. Her indictment -- even if
it wouldn't stand up in a court of law -- hits Putin where it really hurts.

He may cop to being an authoritarian (he boasts of building a strong state), a
nationalist (he wears a cross, preaches patriotism and praises the Orthodox
Church) and an empire builder (he brags about retaking Crimea and is
unapologetic about seeking a sphere of influence). But the accusation that he's
a common crook, or even an uncommon one, is different -- and a charge he doesn't
treat lightly. That's why Russian reporters avoid it, especially as political
controls have tightened, and why Dawisha's original publisher, Cambridge
University Press, declined to print the book on the advice of its lawyers
worried about the possibility of legal action.

The true tragedy is that corruption, state-sponsored, energy-driven and totaling
hundreds of billions annually, has mortgaged Russia's future. Freedom has
withered. Money for the investments urgently needed to make Russia innovative
and prosperous has been diverted to enrich a few.

Alas, that's what kleptocracies do.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/30/books/review/putins-kleptocracy-by-karen-dawis
ha.html

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Vladimir Putin (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKHAIL KLIMENTYEV/ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              402 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             August 28, 2016 Sunday

BUYING ACCESS IS AS OLD AS TIME

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 751 words


This is clearly outrageous! What we are dealing with here is obviously
corruption at the highest levels of government. And yes, that is Lady Liberty
weeping.

Imagine, simply imagine the venality at play. There, right there in her august
and historic chambers, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton personally met with
individuals who also had contributed to the Clinton Foundation.

Clearly, judging from all the hand-wringing, the howls of protest, the
allegations of criminality, and the calls for a special prosecutor, no one in a
high position of power has ever, in the 240-year history of the country, had a
meeting with rich people. Oh, the Mr. Smith Goes to Washington scandal of it
all.

It must be serious. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who is more
ethically pure than St. Francis of Assisi, has demanded Clinton be investigated
by everyone from the College of Cardinals to the War Crimes Tribunal at The
Hague to Law & Order - "immediately, immediately, immediately." Oooooh, three
immediatelys. Trump must mean business.

We can all readily agree that the optics of Clinton granting audiences to
deep-pocketed swells who had sent tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton
Foundation are not good, especially since she and her husband promised to keep
the lines clear while the missus served as the nation's top diplomat. Cue
Muttley the cartoon dog snickering.

But to get truly offended by someone who forks over a million dollars here, a
million dollars there to the Clinton Foundation and finds himself sitting across
from Hillary Clinton requires a well-honed, willful naivete. Really now, people
have been buying access to government officials since Benjamin Franklin was
dating Madonna.

Wouldn't it be fun to conduct a little experiment?

Test Subject A would be some lowly sad sack Floridian who has never given so
much as a farthing in political contributions. He calls up Gov. Rick Scott's
office seeking a face-to-face appointment with the governor to discuss his views
on government.

After the crickets are done chirping, Test Subject B, a U.S. Sugar Corp.
executive, whose company has donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to Scott's
political action committee Let's Get to Work, calls the governor's office
seeking a face-to-face appointment to discuss his views on government.

Who do you think would be granted the meeting with Florida's official state
hologram? Take your time.

Across the political spectrum, Big Daddies from the Koch brothers and Sheldon
Adelson on the right to George Soros and Tom Steyer on the left have been using
their vast wealth to canoodle their way into the inner sanctums of political
power. Of course, the donated monies are cast as political contributions, but
they really are little more than legalized bribes.

Before Donald Trump, R-Pollyanna, underwent an epiphany of ethics, the candidate
spent a considerable amount of time on the presidential primary hustings happily
bragging about his long history of buying access.

"I give to everybody," Trump preened. "When they call, I give. You know what?
When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them
and they are there for me."

Indeed, the Republican nominee has donated to Democrats, including New York Sen.
Charles Schumer and Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California. Oh, and there was the
$250,000 of Trump money that went to - wait for it - (ta-dah!) the Clinton
Foundation.

Great groans of despair waft across the political landscape over the notion that
people with juice are able to get carte blanche political champagne concierge
service, while you remain forever consigned to eating beans and franks with a
plastic spork in steerage.

Trump calls all the pretty money tied with a bow a "rigged" system. And it is.
But that still hasn't prevented the candidate from holding $100,000-per-couple
campaign fundraising events on the way to hauling in $51 million in June alone.

Meanwhile, to schmooze with Hillary Clinton can cost donors as much as $200,000.

Can we all put on our big-boy pants here? While it is probably true these
affluent benefactors are contributing to Trump or Clinton because they support
their views, does anyone honestly doubt that if you wrote a check for $200,000
to either candidate, it is with the expectation you'll have access to a future
President Trump or President Clinton? And you will.

A rigged system? You betcha, especially if you are outbid in the
donation/bribery game.

But if you are wealthy, why, this is nothing more than priceless democracy.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday

Turning the tide of US scepticism

BYLINE: Sasha Abramskyguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1018 words

ABSTRACT

Sasha Abramsky: If America is to rebuild, the challenge facing progressives is
to stop the right benefiting from a general distrust of government

FULL TEXT

Earlier this summer, residents of the small, working class, southern California
suburb of  were regaled with daily stories of their leadership's venality. The
part-time members of the city council had awarded themselves salaries of more
than $100,000 (£65,000) a year; the city manager was being paid somewhere in the
region of $800,000 - far more than the salary paid to the US president, and had
locked in a lifelong pension that came, annually, to about three-quarters of
that amount; city officials were receiving illicit loans; business was being
improperly diverted to pals of city officials. And the list of outrages,  and
other major news outlets, simply went on and on.

Realising they had been deceived by their elected leaders, residents launched a
series of vocal protests; the media demanded that heads roll, and, belatedly,
city and state law enforcement agencies began looking into the diabolical
situation.

Bell is an extreme case. But it's an important one. Here is a town that has
been, apparently for years, entirely given over to a culture of political
corruption; its leaders using and abusing their positions in a way that would
make the machine politicians of  in bygone centuries blush for shame.

At least the Tammany politicians had the good grace to give something back to
their constituents while they sucked the public tit dry. Patronage politics in
days of old was a brutal, often criminal enterprise, but, at a street level, it
did involve a degree of give-and-take, of mutual back-scratching. The best
machine politicians knew how to keep their supporters happy. The hoodlums in
charge of Bell, by contrast, didn't even make a token effort to make good to
their constituents. This was looting on a scale and conducted with a brazenness
more associated with a banana republic than with a functioning democracy.

And the reason this is something more than just an anomaly? America in 2010 is
being rocked by an anti-politics and anti-government movement that makes the
Reagan era ideology look positively tame. And the Republican party, in recent
years, seeking both to capitalise on the anti-government mood and also to add
fuel to this particular fire, has remade itself in a way unique to major western
political movements. It is now, in many ways, preeminently a party defined by
opposition to almost all non-security-related government endeavours.

And, if the  are correct, there's a pretty good chance that this new, remade,
anti-government and anti-governance party will control at least one of the
houses of Congress after the mid-term elections. Governance by people who claim
to want to strangle government.

Even if this doesn't materialise - and I've previously written that I think the
Democrats could still  - clearly a significant proportion of the American voting
public is now so angry at "government" per se that they will vote for any
anti-candidates they can lay claim to.

While most government agencies and individual elected officials aren't as
grotesquely abusive as the Bell leadership, it is increasingly perceived that
the entire political class is corrupt, venal, and simply out to play on voters'
gullible natures.

Whether it be the  that put paid to so many Republican careers a few years back;
or the awful spectacle of Democratic congressman ; or the Texan congresswoman,
also a Democrat, who recently admitted a  instead of to needy students; for many
Americans these days, such stories serve as confirmation that they cannot trust
government.

And, when a populace ceases to trust its elected leaders, they are unlikely to
support policies that they believe concentrate power in the hands of these
detested figures - whether it be tax increases to preserve at-risk social
programmes during economic down-times, or deficit spending that allows the
federal government to salvage a struggling economy.

In a country with a more active, and better organised, progressive political
wing, such a moment might play to the left. In a way, temporarily, it did, in
2008, creating a perfect storm of conditions that allowed Obama to win the
presidency. Yet, two years later, it is the Tea Party movement that is building
up a head of steam atop all of this anger. And that is not, ultimately, too
surprising: in a country that frequently tilts rightward on important economic
and policy questions, such a moment of cynicism is more than likely, in the
long-run, to play toward a radical right vision.

My least favourite bumper sticker du jour says, simply: "Do your patriotic duty.
If they're in power, vote them out." One sees it often these days along
America's open roads. It's an idiotic slogan, devoid of political ideas. It is,
quite simply, a homage to negativity rather than a statement of intent. And yet,
in the summer of Bell, it makes a sickly, perverse, sort of sense.

Politics, like medicine, could do a whole lot worse than having, as a first
principle, the notion of "first, do no harm". Too often, in recent years,
lobbyists and other pay-to-play figures have shaped public policy decisions to
the detriment of ordinary Americans. Those men and women might not fully
understand how or why or to what effect they are being conned; but they know
they are - they know, from hard experience, that the decks are more and more
stacked against them. And they're reacting.

It's producing some ugly political currents, but it's also producing an
opportunity for real change. In 2010, the great challenge will be to stop a
conservative tsunami come November; in 2011 and 2012, it will be to channel this
anger in more constructive ways and to use it to rebuild, rather than to
destroy, the American social compact.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 12, 2009 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Derailed;
Blasts and Bedlam Knock 'Pelham 1 2 3' Off the Tracks

BYLINE: Philip Kennicott; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 810 words


If you live in a dense and complicated city, you can see despair at the bottom
of your orange juice glass. How many farmers, truckers and shopkeepers does it
take to get that juice on your breakfast table? What would happen if the diesel
guy, the road crew, the toll taker or the fruit picker slept through the alarm
clock? Cities intensify our wonder and terror at the complexity and seeming
frailty of human society. If you tugged at just one little thread, would the
whole thing unravel?

"The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3," a remake of the gritty and darkly comic 1974 film
starring Walter Matthau, is about the controlled chaos of New York, a city that
barely works. At its best, when the dialogue is sharp and captures the
everyone's-a-comedian banter of the Big Apple at its lippiest, the film shows
how the New York Show still goes on the air, every morning, despite itself. Play
your role, defend your turf, pay no mind to those other 8 million actors, and
somehow it all works.

The new film, directed by Tony Scott ("Enemy of the State," "Days of Thunder,"
"Top Gun"), captures some of the grand venality of New York that made the
original so much fun. As the lead hijacker of a No. 6 subway train that left the
Pelham station at 1:23 p.m., John Travolta is in high manic mode, seething and
unpredictable, violent and charismatic. The best moments of this film are his
conversations with Denzel Washington, who plays the Matthau role, but with an
important difference: The original character was a transit police lieutenant,
whereas Washington plays a disgraced subway official and former dispatcher who
is accidentally thrust into a leading role when a train stops where it
shouldn't.

If the film stayed there -- if it focused on the psychology of an ordinary guy
with a blot on his record and a crazy man who sees his own darkness in everyone
he meets -- it might be a good film. But this is a Tony Scott film, which means
it is animated by a restless, absurd need for excess, for energy and speed and
rapid, manic, dizzying camera work. And it has the usual Tony Scott tics, the
misogyny and male solipsism. Women are reduced to bit players, passive, needy
intrusions on the world of male jousting, annoying chicks who demand professions
of love even as the world is going up in smoke.

In interviews, Scott has said he was intrigued by the film's challenges: Why
would someone hijack a subway train? Isn't that a little unlikely? Isn't it
rather foolish to commit a crime in a tunnel, where you can be easily cornered,
contained and captured? But alas, rather than solve these problems, Scott has
played whack-a-mole with verisimilitude, addressing one implausibility only to
find a dozen others emerge with even more absurd implications.

Hijacking a subway train may not seem very lucrative, so the new film introduces
a subplot about gaming the financial markets. And while a subway tunnel may be a
rather vulnerable spot to stage a spectacular crime, in Scott's version the
crooks rig up a WiFi  system that gives them a window on the world. And maybe it
was a little peculiar that in the original, the film ended with the schlumpy
Matthau hunting down the last hijacker with low-key, old-fashioned gumshoe work.
After the high energy of twists and turns of a galvanizing crime, it was almost
anticlimactic. In Scott's version, we have a car chase with helicopters, crazy
traffic jams and an army of cops on the loose.

And Walter Garber, Washington's character, is both less and more than what he
was in 1974, which makes his trajectory over the course of the film -- from guy
in suit to guy with gun, from ordinary Joe to action hero -- more dramatic and
more ridiculous. The best analogy for this comes from the world of opera, where,
in the 18th and 19th centuries, stars wielded so much clout that they inevitably
warped the drama with demands for extravagant arias. The action sequence -- in
this case, Washington hurtling through New York in an SUV -- is the equivalent
of that showpiece, a set, formulaic but obligatory display of narcissism.
Washington is a better actor than that. He should learn to say no.

But who says no to Tony Scott? Not even Tony Scott can say no to Tony Scott, and
alas, the film devolves into self-indulgent silliness, a toxic cocktail of
adrenaline and sentiment. You end up asking yourself: How do the few, genuinely
fun bits of this movie -- James Gandolfini plays the mayor, with a mix of
Michael Bloomberg's money and brains, and Rudy Giuliani's ego and libido --
manage to survive in the midst of so much lousy filmmaking? The answer is a bit
like the city itself: If a few decent actors play their roles and defend their
turf, it doesn't matter how preposterous the whole proposition is. The show will
go on.

The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 (106 minutes, at area theaters) is rated for R for
violence and pervasive language.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Top Photo By Rico Torres; Bottom By Stephen Vaughan; Washington
Post Photo Illustration; Denzel Washington, top, and John Travolta, bottom
center, play cat-and-mouse in the movie.
IMAGE; By Stephen Vaughan; Denzel Washington (seated left, with John Turturro)
is a disgraced subway official who is accidentally thrust into a heroic role in
"The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 11, 1990, Thursday, City Edition

Get them off the dole

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 757 words



There are only a few reasons for Florida legislators to reject the    ethical
reforms Gov. Bob Martinez has proposed. Chief among them are    venality and
gall.

     No self-respecting lawmaker will object. Neither will the great    majority
of lobbyists, who are sick to death of being shaken down for    liquor, dinners,
parties, ski vacations and hunting trips.

     If some legislators think the reforms are drastic, so is the    situation
the governor is challenging them to correct. They have    learned to live on the
dole and like it.

     Florida got a vivid glimpse of the sleaze not along ago with the
disclosure of expense accounts showing that just one utility lobbyist,    Gulf
Power's C. Earl Henderson, had spent more than $ 175,000 on gifts    and
entertainment for legislators, members of the Public Service    d d Commission
and members ofCongress during 1987 and 1988. It turned out    that14 of the
legislators had broken the law requiring them to report    the graft, which in
one member's case included more than $ 10,000 in ski    trips and beach
weekends.

     Martinez's lieutenant governor, Bobby Brantley, was on the take    too,
with more than $ 5,000 by his name in Henderson's accounts. But if    the
revelations helped the governor to the conclusion that gifts should    be
banned, some legislators are still trying to kid themselves that    they don't
need to go that far. Yes, they do. A bribe is a bribe, even    if it only costs
$ 100.

     While prohibiting gifts and honorariums, the governor would allow
lodging and travel "directly related" to an official's business, as    well as
meals and beverages "that can be consumed in a single    sitting." That rules
out the free Disney World weekends for    legislators and their families but it
would still allow Alamo    Rent-a-Car to serve steak and lobster to the House
Rules Committee the    night before it votes on a consumer protection bill Alamo
is trying to    kill. But Martinez is asking for all he thinks he can get.

     Officials who failed to report permitted lodging, travel and meals    worth
more than $ 25 would be subject to mandatory reprimand and censure    from the
Ethics Commission, regardless of their excuses. Intentional    failure to file a
gift report, which is not even a crime now, would    become a third-degree
felony. So would any attempt by a public official    to solicit a gift, meal or
gratuity. Some legislators are notorious for    throwing parties at the expense
of deep-pocket lobbies.

     The governor also wants the Ethics Commission to have the power to
investigate suspected offenses without having to wait for a sworn    complaint
or a request for opinion. This is an overdue step that the    Legislature has
repeatedly refused to take. So is the limitation of    Cabinet members to two
terms. And so is the application of the    Government in the Sunshine laws -
open meetings and public records - to    the Legislature itself.

     Most legislative leaders will receive Martinez's recommendations    about
as warmly as they would welcome an IRS audit. They enjoy being    greased by
lobbyists and they don't like to be upstaged by the    Republican governor.
House Speaker Tom Gustafson sounded the theme when    he said he thinks the
executive branch has yet to catch up with the    "openness and disclosure of the
Legislature." What has he been    smoking? Nine of his House members were among
those who apparently    failed to report junkets and other gifts from the
utility lobbyist. The    record is silent on any initiative by Gustafson to
discipline them.

     Though the Martinez reforms thoroughly address the issue of    personal
gifts, they would not completely correct Florida government's    errant moral
compass. There remains the scandalous matter of campaign    finance. Election
contributions are no less compromising than free    meals and fishing trips. To
limit total spending will require some form    of public finance - so says the
U.S. Supreme Court - but Martinez won't    hear of it. But can't Florida at
least ban contributions from    corporations and from political action
committees? Only people have the    right to vote, but the influence of big
money is stealing it away.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Clay Bennet; Governor Bob Martinez looking for
his ethic reform bill on his desk, hidden under a pile of money from his
campaign contributions

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              406 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 24, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

In Court, Business Owner Can't Act as Company's Lawyer

Daniel B. Moskowitz

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F17; BUSINESS LAW

LENGTH: 957 words


The mere fact that you own a corporation doesn't give you the right to represent
it in court, the Minnesota Supreme Court in 1926 told a non-lawyer who owned all
of the stock of the company in question.

That's still a good law, the same tribunal announced last month. The justices
upheld a trial court that threw out a bid by a landlord to collect rent from a
delinquent tenant because the property owner didn't want to spend the money to
hire a lawyer. The collection suit cannot be refiled, the ruling said.

Non-lawyers have the right to represent themselves in court, but there are good
reasons why that right should not be extended to corporations, the state high
court explained July 2 in Nicollet Restoration v. Darcy Turnham. The idea that a
corporation by its very nature cannot appear in court "in person" has been part
of the common law for centuries, Justice Esther M. Tomljanovich noted.

While a corporate officer or shareholder might be able to assert the interests
of the business, society would lack the protection it gets by preserving courts
as the exclusive domain of licensed lawyers, Tomljanovich said. Lawyers are
subject to bar ethics standards and the discipline of the court, which
non-lawyers are not. Lawyers are supposed to balance their obligations to the
client and to professional standards, while the non-lawyer company officer
"knows but one master and owes no duty to the court." She feared they might show
"ignorance or venality," which the lawyer license procedure is supposed to
prevent among the anointed.

But if a corporation cannot appear in court, how about lawyers who are on the
corporate payroll rather than members of an independent law firm? That issue was
raised in another case in a New Jersey Superior Court. A food manufacturer who
was sued by its bank to recover loans argued that the staff lawyers were really
part of the corporation and therefore were banned by the
corporation-cannot-appear rule.

On July 10, in United Jersey Bank v. Valley Falls, the Passaic County court
rejected that argument. The New Jersey chapter of the American Corporate Counsel
Association, filing its own brief on the issue, said if that approach was
accepted companies would be denied their constitutional right to have the legal
counsel of their choice. But the group has also started lobbying to get the
state law changed so there's no chance that another judge would interpret it as
requiring the corporations use law firms rather than their own attorneys.

In other cases, courts ruled that:

A company cannot defend a firing by pointing to lies in the person's job
application that would have kept them from getting the job had they told the
truth. Often an employer doesn't check a re'sume' carefully until the worker has
been fired and sues for alleged race or sex or age discrimination. Courts have
held that if in fact it turns out the application materially misstated the job
seeker's true history, that can spell the end of the bias claim. But courts have
not been very clear on how to measure what is material. Is it something that
would have kept the person from getting the job, or only something that would
have led to a firing once discovered, no matter how good the performance had
been until then?

The U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago ruled last month that the
would-have-been-rejected yardstick should not be used, and re'sume' fraud is a
good defense for a company only if the truth is the sort that would have led in
virtually every case to a dismissal.

(Washington v. Lake County, July 10)

Even if a lawyer has promised to pay back a client losses from negligence, a bar
disciplinary committee cannot order such restitution. All the local Board of
Professional Responsibility can do is force lawyers to return fees they have
gotten for work they haven't performed or haven't performed properly. The ethics
panel has no power to impose damages, the D.C. Court of Appeals ruled, even in
cases where the lawyer had agreed to pay it.

The appeals court threw out an order that a lawyer retained to prepare income
tax returns should pay the $ 7,191 refund the client would have collected had
the IRS return been filed on time. The lawyer kept the client's financial
records for more than three years without doing the job.

(In re Robertson, July 7)

It's easier for Maryland plaintiffs to recover compensation for injuries to
their spouses. Such suits are for loss of consortium, the pleasure of the
company of a husband or wife, and in Maryland can be brought only when there is
a claim that negligence caused the injury, a 1989 federal district court ruling
held.

But last month the Maryland Court of Special Appeals called that wrong, saying
that damages are available in suits based on strict liability -- where a
manufacturer can be held liable for a defect even if there was no negligence --
and even in a breach of warranty action.

(Klein v. Sears, Roebuck, July 7)

Remoteness doesn't count. The tax code gives those who get a deficiency notice
from the IRS 90 days to contest it by a petition to the U.S. Tax Court, but adds
another two months filing time for those who are "outside the United States."

A couple that missed the three-month deadline by a week argued that they should
get the longer period because they live in a log camp on an island off Alaska,
with no telephone service and mail that can take a week to get to a post office
once they send it. But the tax court threw out the petition, saying that the
island where the taxpayers live is no more "outside the United States" than is
Staten Island, and a deadline is a deadline.

(Adkinson v. Commissioner, July 20)

Daniel B. Moskowitz writes about legal trends and their impact on business.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              407 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 17, 2005 Thursday
                                 First Edition

HIV 'supervirus' is a warning to all

BYLINE: Bill Bowtell - Bill Bowtell is a former senior adviser to the federal
health minister (1984-87), former national president of the Australian
Federation of AIDS Organisations and an architect of Australia's response to
HIV/AIDS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 872 words


Australia must continue to shun a US-led holy war against AIDS, writes Bill
Bowtell.

THE detection in New York City of a new strain of HIV virus that is highly
resistant to anti-retroviral drugs is deeply worrying. If the existence of an
HIV supervirus is confirmed by tests now being performed by the HIV authority Dr
David Ho and others, then there will be genuine grounds for concern about
whether existing HIV containment strategies are working, or need to be radically
overhauled to meet the potential threat of a new strain of the virus.

These questions are important and must be asked - and answered - if we are to
continue to protect as many people as possible from infection and early death
from HIV/AIDS.

In the initial case in New York, health officials said it was the first where a
strain of HIV had been found that showed resistance to multiple classes of drugs
and apparently led to a rapid progression from infection to AIDS.

But given the overwhelming and pervasive American influence in Australia's media
and political affairs, how the American debate about the suspected supervirus
develops will have a profound influence on our politicians and opinion formers.
This may bring with it the risk that America's solutions to HIV/AIDS will become
our solutions.

Before embracing whatever half-brained ideas about how to respond to this
potential HIV problem emerge from America's political process, we must first
separate opinion from fact.

Australia's record of great success in managing HIV/AIDS stands in contrast to
America's catastrophic record of failure, venality and incompetence. After 25
years of combating the spread of HIV/AIDS, the US has an infection rate 10 times
that of Australia's. In 2003 the rate of HIV prevalence in Australia was 69 per
100,000, compared with 600 per 100,000 in the US. The incidence of AIDS was 1.5
per 100,000 in Australia against 15 per 100,000 in the US.

An inevitable result of this large - and expanding - population of HIV/AIDS
sufferers in the US is the inevitability of new strains of the virus emerging,
such as the one now the subject of testing in New York. As well, there has been
rising resistance of the HIV/AIDS virus in the US to treatment, as it continues
to mutate.

The very large HIV/AIDS caseload in the US stems from the fact that its
governments long ago succumbed to popular prejudice and fundamentalist religious
pressure to combat the problem by adopting policies based on punishment, faith
and emotion, not prevention, education and reason.

Honest sex education and condom use were dumped in favour of the promotion of
abstinence from sex and monogamous marriage.

Nothing wrong in that noble ambition, but such foolish campaigns have done
nothing to stop young Americans from conceiving, having babies or abortions at
anywhere between four and seven times the rate of comparable countries,
including Australia.

While America abandoned or greatly curtailed effective HIV/AIDS prevention
programs, billions of dollars were funnelled into HIV vaccine research and
provision of new drug treatments.

America chose to fund a permanent, fruitless quest for the Holy Grail of a HIV
vaccine while shunning the common, convenient, cheap latex prophylactic that
works like a charm to prevent HIV infection.

It was a great deal for drug companies and researchers but a lousy one for those
Americans who pay for it with their taxes, health and lives.

While US governments waged a holy war against illicit drug trafficking and
prostitution, drug use by Americans exploded, and pornography became a bigger
revenue earner than Hollywood movies.

As the US criminalised and stigmatised HIV/AIDS in a manner unparalleled in any
other country, its misguided policies ensured that many hundreds of thousands of
Americans succumbed to avoidable HIV infection and death from AIDS.

In contrast, Australia's governments and its people understood that the fewer
people infected with HIV in the first place, the less likely was it that the
population at large would come in contact with the virus.

Unlike the US, Australia opted to control HIV through frank sex education,
widespread distribution of syringes and provision of free, anonymous and
therefore virtually universal HIV/AIDS testing.

The result? In 2005, many tens of thousands of young Australians are free of the
scourge of HIV infection, our HIV and AIDS caseload is under control and managed
well, and a relative abundance of resources is devoted to the treatment, support
and care of our citizens living with HIV and AIDS. In short, a better deal for
Australian families, and for Australian taxpayers.

The lesson is clear. If you want Australian HIV/AIDS caseloads to increase
tenfold then follow America's example, and try to legislate and pray HIV/AIDS
out of existence.

The looming moral panic about a HIV supervirus will be drummed up for US
domestic political reasons by self-appointed experts whose motives are as
dishonest as their record is atrocious.

Condoms, needle exchanges, honest sex education and Australian common sense will
protect you and your loved ones from HIV/AIDS infection far better than laws
based on fear, prejudice and ignorance of the evidence accumulated from 25 years
of controlling HIV spread in Australia.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 6, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

CHILDREN'S BOOKS

BYLINE: By Kurt Andersen;  Kurt Andersen is the editor of Spy magazine and the
architecture critic for Time.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 90; Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 823 words



MAX IN HOLLYWOOD, BABY
Written and illustrated by Maira Kalman.
Unpaged. New York:
Viking. $15.
(Ages 5 and up)

PETS don't buy pet food, and I don't expect that it is children who dote on
Maira Kalman's books for them. Rather, it's parents of a certain caste --
youngish, well-to-do, well-educated bohemians and former bohemians -- who rush
to buy her slender hard covers. It's parents whose sense of cool is tweaked by
owning "Stay Up Late" (with text by David Byrne), "Hey Willy, See the Pyramids"
and the rest. If the kids seem to enjoy them, well, that's nice, too.

Happily, Ms. Kalman's books -- "Max in Hollywood, Baby" is her sixth -- are not
merely chic. They are smart and funny and high-spirited, dense with irony and
strangeness in the manner of some hopped-up late-night Dr. Seuss. The milieus
are refreshingly unwholesome: Ms. Kalman's recent stories take place in a goofy
between-the-wars dreamland swarming with artistes and cocktails, venality and
ennui.

For this one Ms. Kalman's fourth-grade Expressionist style (imagine Roz Chast
imitating Paul Klee and George Grosz) seems just right. On the other hand, in
the text of "Max in Hollywood, Baby" she has abandoned most of the faux
childishness that was sometimes annoying in her earlier work. The story moves
along cogently, and the language is, if anything, too grown-up.

Max Stravinsky -- a dog who made his debut, briefly, in "Hey Willy, See the
Pyramids" -- has in the course of four books gone from miserable aspiring poet
to successful expat writer to genteel Manhattan swell. Now Max gets a Marx
Brothers-meets-Abbott & Costello telegram ("STOP SHILLYSHALLYING AROUND STOP
STOP WASTING TIME STOP START PACKING STOP PULLING OUT ALL THE STOPS STOP")
imploring him to come west and direct a movie. "Were these the ravings of a
madman or an agent?" Max asks, then answers, "BOTH!"

In Los Angeles, Max is assigned a studio driver, Ferrrnando Extra Debonnaire,
who boasts of having "studied at the Royal Academy of Driving Directors." The
story proceeds along the lines of classic caricature -- Max lolls around the
hotel pool waiting to be paged -- with bursts of the loopy dream logic in which
Ms. Kalman specializes: the studio bigwig's office is a canoe floating inside a
giant blue carp. Max takes the go-Hollywood advice of a psychic ("In this town
all you need is confidence, thick skin, a cold heart and a big head") and begins
shooting his movie, which promptly becomes a manic nightmare of profligacy and
vanity (he is particularly incensed when a script typo renders "dog" as "door")
only a bit more vividly drawn than real life.

Maira Kalman's books are pieced together by M&Co, the design firm belonging to
her husband, Tibor Kalman, and each has been typographically trickier than the
one before. "Max in Hollywood, Baby" may represent the useful limit of that
evolution, with different type sizes and fonts in a single sentence, and blocks
of text teased into zany, occasionally confusing shapes. It is, at least for
grown-ups, her funniest and most satisfying work. There are giddy Seussian set
pieces -- a jaded bellhop's soliloquy ("You used to be a nebbish, a noodle, a
fool / And now you're Mr. Big Time with your own private pool"), a mogul's
secretary working 10 phones at once ("HELLO. He will. HELLO. He won't. HELLO.
He's mad. HELLO. He's livid. HELLO. He says the sky's the limit"). But actual
children, as opposed to middle-aged hipsters entertaining the child within, will
be frequently baffled.

At one point Max sings an ode to Federico Fellini, film noir, Mel Blanc and
Cinemascope. What is an 8-year-old to make of the reference to Schopenhauer's
"World as Will and Representation"? As Ms. Kalman writes, "If at the end of this
book, once you have looked up all the words in the dictionary, you are not
completely unsatisfied, I, the author, will personally send at my own expense a
large pickled herring or blue carp (your choice) to your first cousins if they
live in Miami." In other words, let the kids be a little jolted and mystified
and, one hopes, intrigued; it's good for them, just as Looney Tunes'
comparatively arcane references (the National Recovery Administration? Bette
Davis?) have enlightened children since the 1940's.

On "Sesame Street," the particular satire inherent in the smarmy quiz master Guy
Smiley may be lost on toddlers, but they laugh anyway. So when the hero of "Max
in Hollywood, Baby" has a nightmare premonition of a headline -- "POOCH'S PIC
P.U." -- and realizes that he has, as his wife, Crepes Suzette, says, "become ze
insufferable show-business schmendrick," children will get the joke, more or
less, even if they've never read Variety or heard Yiddish.

On the other hand, only children who do follow the show-business trades will
appreciate the irony of Maira Kalman's latest good fortune: "Max in Hollywood,
Baby" has already been optioned for television.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: (Illustration by Maira Kalman from "Max in Hollywood, Baby.")

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              409 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 16, 2013 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Brown case stirs debate on inï¬[#x201a]uence

BYLINE: Mike DeBonis

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 1145 words


Former D.C. Council member Michael A. Brown did not skimp on the grease he
applied to the gears of the District government in trying to secure a key
certification for two businessmen.

His entreaties came to the Department of Small and Local Business Development
via phone and text messages, personally and through staff members. Court records
indicate that they came after business hours, during holidays and even after
Brown was no longer a council member.

They were, in the end, for the benefit of undercover FBI agents, who paid Brown
$55,000 to speed a "certified business enterprise" (CBE) designation for a
company they set up. The certification gives firms a significant advantage in
city contract bidding.

Brown pleaded guilty to a felony bribery charge Monday and faces up to 37 months
in prison under a deal with prosecutors.

U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. said after the plea hearing that the case
revealed more than simply Brown's personal venality, saying he "tried to exploit
a broken system" for profit - one in which politicians are "able to influence
the process of who gets government contracts directly without any kind of
independent oversight."

"I leave it to the legislature to figure out what went wrong here," he added.
"But obviously I think there needs to be a hard look at what they can do to
prevent this sort of conduct from reoccurring in the future."

But on the D.C. Council, which has seen three of its members plead guilty to
federal felonies over the past 18 months, there is skepticism at the suggestion
that legislators ought to curb their influence over the government's daily
workings.

"People expect if they contact you with a complaint that you're going to help
them resolve it," said Anita D. Bonds (D-At Large).

Influence, Bonds and several of her colleagues argue, is their raison d'tre.
They pass legislation and hold oversight hearings, certainly. But every city
legislator also employs at least one staff member devoted to "constituent
services" - cajoling city agencies into responding to residents' concerns.

Several council members said they have a hard time distinguishing between their
workaday efforts to get things done and the "political influence" Machen said
Brown improperly wielded.

"Elected officials across the country do that all the time," said Chairman Phil
Mendelson (D). "Constituent services is fundamental to government, but we're not
allowed to trade it for money."

Effective intervention

Brown's efforts to help the undercover agents' purported business, known in
court papers as "Company M," were extensive and consisted of numerous personal
interventions with a mayoral cabinet member.

The day after his first meeting with an undercover agent, when he accepted
$15,000 cash stuffed into a duffel bag, Brown passed the agents the names and
phone numbers of two DSLBD staff members.

About two weeks later, when the company had trouble getting a building occupancy
permit from a separate agency, Brown again offered to help, according to court
papers.

Three days later, Brown told the agent that he had called the "head dude" to
"see what's up." In October, the permit was granted, and in a phone call shortly
afterward, Brown bragged about the effectiveness of his interventions.

"I don't know what you did, man, but that . . . permit came through pretty
quick," the agent said.

"You're damn, damn right it came through quick," Brown replied.

Days before Christmas, Brown sent DSLBD Director Harold B. Pettigrew Jr.
repeated texts and voice mails in hopes of having a temporary certification
granted to the undercover firm. On the evening of Dec. 20, Pettigrew told Brown
that there was no longer a temporary certification but that   he would try to
"expedite the review and just approve it," as had been done with other firms
seeking pending contracts.

"Things r moving," Brown then texted one agent.

Brown continued contacting Pettigrew even after he had left the council on Jan.
2.

Later that month, the city agency would take steps toward approving the
undercover company's application, including making a visit to its offices. In
March, one of the agents told Brown that "we are in good shape now" and
suggested one final meeting.

On March 14, Brown met with the businessmen, who handed him $20,000. Federal
agents then entered the room, ending the undercover operation.

Muscle vs. meddling

Although Brown's efforts might have seemed excessive and unusual, Pettigrew said
last week that they weren't. He said Brown was one of several council members
who had contacted him for help.

"None of them really asked for special help," said Pettigrew, who left the
department in March.

Although the CBE system has been the focus of significant scrutiny in recent
months, with Mayor Vincent C. Gray (D) and legislators pledging to institute
reforms, Machen hesitated to identify it as a locus of fraud.

Machen instead said the "broken system" he referred to involved political
meddling in contracting matters generally.

He made reference to "pay-to-play" fears among city contractors, noting that
Brown's willingness to solicit bribes came to prosecutors' attention from
contractors who were afraid of paying illegal bribes but also afraid not to pay
bribes and not get a fair shot at contracts.

The D.C. Council is tasked with approving or disapproving city contracts worth
$1 million a year or more. That power has become controversial on several
occasions, when decisions made by procurement panels have been questioned by
legislators - often after vigorous lobbying from losing bidders.

Some members, notably Jack Evans (D-Ward 2), have suggested the council jettison
its contracting powers, arguing that "the danger of council members stepping
over the line outweighs the council's check and balance on the mayor."

But Mendelson and Bonds are among a majority who do not agree, saying the
council's oversight of city spending is too valuable to give up. "I don't think
the public wants one individual deciding how the money is spent," Bonds said,
referring to the mayor.

And all three members agreed it would be difficult, if not impossible, to
restrict how a council member should intervene in the city's workings, including
matters like CBE certification that could come to bear on contracting. While all
said it would be inappropriate for a member to "pull strings" for a particular
party, they said it is routine and harmless to inquire about the status of a
matter.

"It would be very hard to draw a bright line" between the two, Evans said.

Mendelson said he agreed with Machen that contracting reforms need a "hard look"
but questioned whether it is wise to curb the muscle of lawmakers who are
elected to show muscle.

"There are many, many ways that an elected official can exert influence, and you
can't eliminate all of it," Mendelson said. "It comes down to the moral fiber of
the officeholder."

mike.debonis@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 5, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Good Ol' American Hypocrisy

JONATHAN YARDLEY

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C2; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1336 words


Every once in a while we get lucky. Every once in a while we are treated to a
display of human venality so grand and gaudy as to put to shame every one of
those artificial sound-and-light spectaculars with which the nation's birth has
been celebrated during this interminable holiday weekend. Every once in a while
we get it exactly right, and demonstrate just how blatantly cynical we can be
when we put our evil little minds to the task.

Last week that happened not once but twice: cupidity in stereo. The first
instance occurred when the television networks went before Congress and promised
to attach a warning announcement to broadcasts containing violence of an
especially juicy nature, but omitted to eliminate or reduce that violence. The
second occurred the following day, when the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People accepted what amounted to a $ 1 billion bribe in
exchange for supporting the effort to obtain a National Football League
franchise by the highest executives of Flagstar, which owns the Denny's
restaurants, which seem to go out of their way to be inhospitable to black
customers.

It is exceedingly difficult to determine which of these two developments is the
more ludicrous and hypocritical. Consider, for starters, the case of television
and violence. That the former manages to broadcast an astonishing amount of the
latter is one of the daily realities of contemporary America. Precisely what
effect this has on the social contract is somewhat more difficult to measure,
but more and more students of American life believe that there is a definite
connection between violence in popular culture and violence in the streets.

This is a matter of intense concern to the people who run television, not
because they acknowledge that their programming may be socially deleterious but
because they are terrified that Congress might enact legislation forcing them to
change their programming and thus put their profits at risk. What they have
discovered is one of America's dirtiest secrets; to wit, that however ardently
we may deplore violence in public, in private we have a highly developed taste
for it. To be sure, this taste has been developed by the very same merchants of
mass entertainment who gathered in Washington last week, but now that the
appetite exists isn't it their civic duty to satisfy it?

Certainly it is their duty to their stockholders, who would complain mightily at
the annual meetings of CBS, NBC, ABC and Fox should profits suddenly take a
plunge. Caught as they thus are between the stockholders and the critics, the
networks have done what all good Americans do in this age of PR: They have opted
not for consequential action but for damage control. "Due to some violent
content, parental discretion advised," the warning will read. The wording is
delicious. "Some violent content" conveys the impression that the violence is
minimal; "parental discretion advised" gets the networks off the hook and places
the onus on parents -- who, as any schoolteacher or liquor dealer or tobacco
salesman could tell you, stopped paying any attention to their children's
behavior at least a generation ago.

So the violence warning is perfect for the networks; it enables them to go
through the motions of responding to their critics without doing anything of the
slightest consequence. They can now say, for the public's edification, that they
have taken a step to shield children and queasy adults from the mayhem that so
routinely fills the screen; they can continue to cower behind the First
Amendment as a shield against federal restrictions on their programming; and
they can continue to broadcast that programming in precisely the manner they do
now. They even have the chutzpah to moan that "this is going to cost us money"
because advertisers will refuse to support programs accompanied by warnings; if
you believe that, then no doubt you also believe that movie-theater operators
enforce the "PG-13" category and that convenience-store owners never sell
cigarettes to teenagers.

Still, if the violence warning is a blue-chip example of institutional hypocrisy
complete with congressional acquiescence, it pales before the bizarre case of
Denny's and the NAACP. It will be recalled that in recent weeks Denny's has been
dragged across the carpet over and over again as black customers who for some
reason want to purchase its mediocre food have in one way or another been
discouraged from doing so. Almost overnight Denny's has pulled off the
not-inconsiderable feat of becoming both synonym for and symbol of corporate
racism such as the NAACP allegedly is determined to identify and expose.

It has chosen a singularly peculiar way to do so. At a press conference in
Baltimore last week the NAACP and Denny's jointly announced a "historic accord"
under which Denny's agreed to commit more than $ 1 billion over the next seven
years to minority employment and other programs designed to reduce what gives
every evidence of being systematic racial discrimination within the corporation.
The CEO of Flagstar, Jerome Richardson, said the "fair-share" agreement is
"aggressive" and "has my personal commitment."

Perhaps so. But the timing of the agreement is nothing if not curious. Though
negotiations between the parties may or may not have been forced to a hasty
completion by the complaints against Denny's -- participants claim,
unconvincingly, that they were not -- the agreement indisputably has more than a
little to do with the attempt by Richardson and others to obtain an NFL
franchise for Charlotte, the North Carolina boom town. Talk about chutzpah: As
soon as the press conference in Baltimore was over, the participants flew down
to Charlotte, where they announced a similar agreement between the NAACP and
officers of the would-be NFL franchise; then the NAACP openly endorsed Charlotte
as its favorite in the competition to join the NFL.

To be sure the free-speech rights of the NAACP are writ as indelibly in the
Constitution as are those of the television networks, but the question remains:
What on Earth does the NAACP have to do with the NFL? Yes, the NFL chews up
black cannon fodder in its artificial-turf stadiums with cynical efficiency, a
matter that one would think might interest and anger the NAACP, but exploitation
of black athletes scarcely seems to be on its mind at the moment. Instead it is
committed to "help out in any way possible" the Richardson bid for an NFL
franchise -- a bid that seemed in trouble after the attacks on Denny's but has
now been given new respectability by the NAACP's imprimatur.

How the individual members of the NAACP feel about this remains a mystery,
though presumably those who live in Baltimore, Memphis, Jacksonville and St.
Louis aren't very happy about it. Those are Charlotte's competitors in the
free-for-all. Perhaps now the NFL committees in those cities will feel
constrained to purchase the endorsements of the ACLU or BPOE or SPCA or CARE or
other worthily eleemosynary organizations upon which the NFL presumably would
look favorably.

Those cities should be warned, though, that none of these can hope to bring as
much clout to the task as the NAACP. Not merely does Denny's have a
racial-discrimination problem; so does the NFL, where blacks are rarer than
hens' teeth in executive offices and head-coaching chairs. The NFL is run by
rich white louts who of late have felt the need -- haven't we just been down
this road? -- to do a little damage control. Now the NAACP has done it for them.
The NFL can award a franchise to Charlotte, then boast to the world that it has
nothing less than NAACP approval; if that doesn't call off the critics, nothing
will.

Do the $ 1 billion "fair-share" agreement and the NAACP endorsement add up to a
quid pro quo? You bet they do. They also add up to a useful Fourth of July
reminder that in the land of the free and the home of the brave, everything is
for sale, from the NAACP to the United States Congress.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              411 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 26, 1984, Monday, Late City Final Edition

'DYNASTY' CREATORS JUMP TO DEFEND IT

BYLINE: By PETER W. KAPLAN

SECTION: Section C; Page 20, Column 4; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1319 words


When the Carringtons on ''Dynasty'' argue about lust or finance - which is often
- they usually yell, threaten or throw each other in the pool. When Columbia
University faculty members and students met the program's creators, Esther and
Richard Shapiro, last week to discuss the place of ''Dynasty'' in American life,
nobody got wet, but they argued nevertheless, in tones appropriate to the
program.

''Dynasty,'' a television serial drama in which huge houses, illicit passion,
expensive clothes and foreign cars dominate the scripted existences of the
millionaire Carrington family and their Denver society, is an avidly discussed
topic on the American popular culture scene. The morals and values of the either
very good or very bad lives in the series are being discussed with almost as
much passionate detail as if they belonged to real people. The fact that so many
viewers are faithful to the program, in fact seem to love the shiny celebration
of venality, has triggered discussion groups in universities around the country
- by sociologists, literature professors and American studies professors.

''This was my idea,'' said Ann Douglas, a professor of English at Columbia who
arranged the evening as part of a regular series at the university's Hayman
Center on the importance of popular culture. The discussions have encompassed
discussions of society and literature, and the participants have come from many
departments in the university. ''I wanted to bring together the Shapiros and the
academic community and have a discussion about a phenomenon in popular
culture,'' she said. ''I wanted to bring together this audience and the
producers at a juncture where they don't usually meet.''



Key to American Interests

''My real interest in 'Dynasty,' '' said Jack Salzman, an English professor who
is the director of the Center for American Cultural Studies at Columbia, ''has
to do with its success and what it says to the American populace and what its
fantasy says.'' Saying that it made clear to him why President Reagan won the
election this year, he called ''Dynasty'' a ''clear key to what the American
populace is interested in.''

Mrs. Shapiro, one of the program's creators and the producer as well of some
distinguished made-for-television movies, including ''The Woman's Room,''
''Friendly Fire'' and ''Sarah T: Portrait of a Teen- Aged Alcoholic,'' leaned
over a table and looked out at the 50 students and professional academics who
faced her. One student had just verbally assaulted ''Dynasty.''

''What does this show say about American women, what does it say about American
gays, what does it say about American business?'' the student had asked to many
murmers of agreement.

''It's an entertainment show,'' Mr. Shapiro, her bearded husband had responded,
staring the student down through his tinted glasses.



A 'Dangerous' Comment

Then the student called the show ''dangerous.''

''Dangerous?'' shot back Mrs. Shapiro, a handsome and definitely styled woman
whose shiny-black hair style would have been in place on her program. She sat
up. ''How, dangerous? I'm really interested in finding out where it's dangerous,
not because I'm interested in getting in an argument but because I have a social
responsibility.''

She stared at him.

''Television is a picture,'' he said, ''it is a picture - ''

''Yeah: a picture of what, keep going! What's the picture?'' Mrs. Shapiro asked.

''The picture,'' the young man said, ''that women can only be a prostitute or a
mother.''

''Well what's the real picture?'' Mrs. Shapiro asked. ''What picture do you want
to see?''

The student responded that he wanted to see a picture that did not transmit such
a seductively corrosive image of American life.

Some estimates say that 80 million Americans watch ''Dynasty'' each week, and
several students suggested that not only did it portray distorted values but
also that it was not the kind of picture of their country Americans should be
exporting. Mr. and Mrs. Shapiro not only defended ''Dynasty,'' they said it set
a new standard for values on American television.

''There are no woman doormats on this series,'' said Mrs. Shapiro. ''The women
are not victims. They can have the same villainy as the men.''



Blacks and Homosexuals

She said that before ''Dynasty'' black and homosexual romantic leads were
unknown in nighttime television - the series has running stories with each - as
were attractive older women as role models. The stars of the series, Joan
Collins, John Forsythe and Linda Evans, are all over 40 years old and all have
become important presences in national magazines, billboards and television
advertising.

''People overseas see this program,'' said one woman, ''and think every American
woman is exactly the kind woman that is portrayed in 'Dynasty.' ''

''I think you're doing them a great disservice,'' Mrs. Shapiro said, ''by
assuming what they are going to see and what they are going to think and how
limited they are. You really don't have a lot of respect for them.''

Mrs. Shapiro went on to tell the group: ''This program's appeal goes across the
board. They found that even Peruvian Indians in remote villages would be
watching 'Dynasty.' ''

''Wow,'' one undergraduate said.

''And in Italy, a man in a castle, one of the richest men in the country, a man
who owns 150 antique Ferraris, would watch 'Dynasty' on eight television sets.
Now there must be something they both find in that.''

Professor Douglas later said she believed nighttime television and daytime
dramas represented such a ''major domain of our consciousness that our major
problems are being taken up there.'' She said that ''Dynasty'' was the first
series in which women competed equally with men in ''a matriarchy versus a
patriarchy.''

''The major writers of the day, if I might say so, are insipid,'' she said. ''I
am not making an unselective endorsement of these programs, but they are part of
such a major field that it asks questions of us rather than we of it.''

One student accused ''Dynasty'' and television in general of refusing to show
anything that did not picture the success of the American dream. Mrs. Shapiro
asked him what would be an example of a story that would not get to network
television. He cited ''A Perfect Day for Banana Fish'' J. D. Salinger, in which
which the protaganist kills himself.

''Do you think it's possible to put that story on television?'' he asked.

''Why not?'' Mrs. Shapiro said.

''Do you think advertisers would buy it?''

''You could certainly try,'' she said, her voice getting louder.



More Distinguished Projects

Students sparred with Mr. and Mrs. Shapiro until she sat up and reminded them
that none of them seemed interested in talking about some of her more
distinguished socially oriented projects, but only ''Dynasty''

''I can be as passionate as you are about a lot of other subjects,'' Mrs.
Shapiro said, ''and I put my life on the line and I do 'Dynasty,' which allows
me to do a lot of other things, and I'm not apologizing for it, because I think
it really delivers what it is.''

''I have a lot more clout than you do,'' she went on, ''and if there's something
important I need to do, I'll do it. If I don't get it, I'll do maybe the things
that the women in 'Dynasty' do: I'll fight and I'll scream and I'll manipulate
and I'll flirt and I'll cajole and I'll write letters. And the one thing they'll
understand is that I have great passion. And every day it's pounding and
pounding and pounding.''

Maybe, she said, her voice rising to a silent room: '' 'Dynasty' doesn't deliver
that dream. But don't assume you can't get it on just because it's not on. The
day that happens we all ought to turn in our badges.''

The students applauded. Mrs. Shapiro smiled.

''The discussion,'' said Professor Douglas, ''was the incarnation of the ethos
of 'Dynasty.' ''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of John Forsythe ; Photo of Joan Collins

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              412 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

NJ's Most Notorious Crooks: 10 Politicians Who Knew the Art of Reciprocity

BYLINE: JT Aregood

LENGTH: 68 words


Sliding in just behind Kentucky and Illinois for the title of most corrupt state
this year, New Jersey has a reputation for venality and malfeasance for a
reason. With a long and colorful history of politicians who never let their
scruples get in the way of a better deal, these are the standouts who wore
wires, faked their own deaths, and made their peace with the mob to try and stay
away from federal lock-up.


LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     March 6, 2002 Wednesday, Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: Franklin, council working to tackle corrupt culture

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 512 words


The burden on new Mayor Shirley Franklin gets heavier with each week's
revelations of the vagaries of her predecessor's reign. As the details come out,
the venality of Bill Campbell's administration shocks even the most informed
city observers.

The latest revelations, contained in an exhaustive report in The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution, outlined the miasma of patronage that engulfed Hartsfield
International Airport. Starting in Mayor Maynard Jackson's second term but
reaching scandalous levels under Campbell, the airport was used to reward and
enrich the wealthy and well-connected. Good business practices and ethical
contracting procedures were tossed aside as contracts were handed to friends of
City Hall.

Franklin and the new City Council must quickly get about the business of
re-creating city government in a culture of openness, fairness and efficiency
--- a culture opposite that of Campbell's City Hall. Fortunately, Franklin has
already started that task.

This week, she will issue an executive order mandating a "zero tolerance" ethics
code for all city employees under her purview --- which includes nearly all of
them.

She's raised more than $2 million in the private sector to hire management
consultants to review all the city's contracts and the contracting process and
make recommendations. She expects their reports by June. Meanwhile, she's moved
a police investigator into the city attorney's office to handle all the reports
of abuse and corruption flooding into her office. And she's looking into the
cases of city employees directly implicated in allegations of corruption and
intends to take action quickly.

Still, as more stories of graft flood in, she can't move fast enough to keep up
with the outrage. In response to the pressure, she says, "Why should I solve
part of the problem when I have the opportunity to solve it all? This is not a
two-month term. Judge me in a year."

At the end of the year, she ought to have in place a bidding process that is
open and transparent and relies on competitive bids, signing up only companies
that promise to deliver the best services for the money. Companies that don't
deliver should be swiftly terminated and barred from doing business again.

By the way, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution's investigation revealed cases of
long-term contracts that were awarded in defiance of good business practices
during Campbell's tenure. (Campbell stated during his last year in office that
he would award as many multiyear contracts as he could before his term ended.)
Those contracts should also be reviewed for loopholes that allow the city to opt
out; there may be a way to remove some of Campbell's friends from the city
trough sooner rather than later.

Franklin has a lot of work to do, but she also has a new and more responsible
group of council members to work with in developing the parameters of this new
way of governing.

They have to correct a badly listing City Hall while it operates at top speed,
and that's a tough job.

But they are off to a good start.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              414 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 23, 1998, Friday

POLS MUM ON BILL'S TROUBLES
BUT NOT ED KOCH AND GUY FROM S.I.

BYLINE: By FRANK LOMBARDI

SECTION: News; Pg.  24

LENGTH: 522 words


The biggest blowup in Washington since Watergate drew more whispers than shouts
from national and local politicians yesterday.

Democrats generally cautioned against a rush to judgment. Republicans avoided
unseemly public gloating.

An exception was Staten Island Borough President Guy Molinari, a Republican who
was a staunch supporter of President George Bush, who lost to Clinton in 1992.

"I think we're seeing the beginning of the end," he said of the charges against
Clinton.

Molinari said that prior allegations of Clinton have illicit relationships and
the President's reported admission to an affair with Gennifer Flowers raise "the
specter that he could be and probably is lying again."

Also not pulling his punches was former Mayor Edward Koch, a Democrat, who said,
"It's bizarre, so unbelievable that the President would embark upon such a
course of action when everybody's looking at him, everybody's out to get him.
Yet, I guess the flesh is weak."

"There's no venality here, it is simply a question that he can't control his
zipper," Koch said. "I know the Republicans will try to destroy him, but he's
probably destroyed himself."

House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt (D-Mo.) said, "The President has said
these allegations are not true. My view is that no one should draw any
conclusions in this matter until the investigation is allowed to determine the
facts."

Clinton has denied the bombshell allegations that he had an affair with a
then-21-year-old White House intern and asked her to lie about it.

"I think the facts are too much undeveloped right now for anybody to be jumping
to conclusions," said Mayor Giuliani, a Republican on good terms with Clinton.

A former federal prosecutor, Giuliani declined to say whether Clinton should
step down if the charges prove true.

Giuliani had his own controversy last year when Vanity Fair magazine alleged he
had an extramarital affair with his communications director. He and spokeswoman
Cristyne Lategano denied the allegations.

Usually outspoken House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) had no comment. Neither
did Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott (R-Miss.). The no-comment strategy also
was followed by New York's senators Democrat Daniel Moynihan and Republican
Alfonse D'Amato and by Republican Gov. Pataki.

Austin Sheinkopf, a New York-based Democratic strategist who helped Clinton's
successful reelection campaign in 1996, said that while the Republicans may be
privately jumping for joy, they don't want to be seen as "making political
manure out of this."

Judith Hope, chairwoman of the New York Democratic Party, was steadfastly
supportive of Clinton.

"The President has said it didn't happen, and I believe him," she said. "It's
the end of it as far as I'm concerned."

National Democratic chairman Steve Grossman said he was assured by the
"unequivocal statements" of the President and his pal Vernon Jordan that they
did nothing wrong.

"To me, that puts to rest any doubts anybody should have," Grossman said. "It
does for me. I believe these men. I've worked closely with these men, known them
for years."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              415 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 22, 1994 Saturday

Playland: Dunne's genius back at work

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE; GAM

LENGTH: 579 words


Review by JOHN DOYLE
 THE characters in John Gregory Dunne's new novel are a vast and fast
crowd: mobsters and their molls, movie stars, crooked lawyers and cynical
cops. At the heart of the book is a movie star who was also a mobster's
moll. Blue Tyler, a child star of the 1930s, had a scandalous fling with a
mafia hitman, Jacob King, and then disappeared. Like Bugsy Siegel, Jake
wanted to build a beautiful casino in Las Vegas and be a respectable
businessman. He sorely wanted to be called "a millionaire sportsman" in
Walter Winchell's gossip column.

Forty years after Jake's murder, Blue Tyler turns up in Detroit, a
wisecracking curmudgeon living in a trailer park. As a senior citizen,
Blue is a dotty but shrewd observer of the world. She points out, for
instance, that Diane Sawyer bears an uncanny resemblance to the young Mae
West. Blue turns up because Jack Broderick, Playland's narrator, literally
runs into her. Broderick, one of the billionaire Catholic Broderick clan
who populate Dunne's novels, is a screenwriter running away from
Hollywood. Playland is Blue's story and his attempt to unravel it. It is
about the seductive luster that shimmers on the surface of the movie
business. It is also about the layer of banal venality that lies beneath
the surface. Then it is about the casual corruption and sleaze that are
the ordinary routine of the film business and the mystery in the book is
the location of the truth, if any, at the bottom of it all.

Mostly, however, this novel is about talk flinty, foul-mouthed dialogue
filled with obscene jokes delivered with gravitas. There are keen,
unrepeatable observations about such matters as mob murders in crowded
restaurants, elevator sex and the manipulation of the sex lives of
starlets as they blossom from adolescence to adulthood. Dunne writes
plain, hard-boiled prose: "Lieutenant Crotty looked like an overweight,
avuncular rattlesnake, his large belly stretching the buttons of his
soiled, doublebreasted suit." Throughout this long novel, the incessant
talk of good-time gals and tough guys is mesmerizing.

In a long, derisory review of Playland in The New Republic, film
historian David Thomson castigated Dunne for being obsessed with what he
called "tough mouth." It's an eccentric complaint because it highlights
Dunne's strength. In A Vain Conceit, a short, testy book about British
fiction in the 1980s, D.J. Taylor singled out Dunne as an American writer
whose mastery of idiom puts English novelists of much greater pretensions
to shame. Taylor aptly nails down the thrill of reading Dunne writing
about money, sex and power - "as if a genius had somehow written an
episode of Dynasty."

That same genius is evident in Playland. As an intricate package of
fictions, the novel is deftly tied together by modernist contrivances.
Parody is pushed to the limit when Morris Lefkowitz, a flat, aged Jewish
mob boss, arrives for Jake's funeral and gets sentimental about
gangsterism. Then there are sections in which the scrupulous accumulation
of details amounts to sustained realism. The voices are loud and shrill
and the sexual shenanigans are ceaseless.

As a story, Playland is as old as American writing itself - Adam
wanders west and goes astray in a false Eden. The book ends with the last
sensational scandal of Blue Tyler's life and everything else is drowned
out by a cacophony of noise from Oprah], Hard Copy and all the other
tabloid TV shows. That certainly rings true.
 John Doyle writes a column for The Globe's Broadcast Week.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                             June 26, 2000, Monday

BYLINE: By Joe Surkiewicz; Daily Record Legal Affairs Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1Ctop

LENGTH: 645 words


Rejecting a recommendation to suspend for one year the licenses of two prominent
Baltimore criminal defense lawyers, the Court of Appeals on Friday reprimanded
former law partners Warren A. Brown and Lawrence B. Rosenberg for violating the
Rules of Professional Conduct in their handling of personal injury cases in the
early 1990s.     "The record reflects that respondents were cooperative and
forthright with bar counsel and thatthey made restitution for their misconduct,"
the per curiam opinion said. "The hearing judge also found that since this
incident, respondents have put mechanisms in place in their now individual
practices to insure that there will be no recurrence.     "We take note that the
conduct alleged here took place between seven and 10 years ago, and in that time
respondents have been productive and well respected members of the legal
community practicing law in Baltimore," the unreported opinion continued.
"Under these circumstances, we conclude that a reprimand is the appropriate
sanction. The public interest is served when this court imposes a sanction which
demonstrates to members of the legal profession the type of conduct that will
not be tolerated," the opinion concluded.     The petition for disciplinary
action filed by the Attorney Grievance Commission stemmed from the two
attorneys' partnership in the early 1990s (which ended in 1993) and their
failure to supervise a legal secretary's handling of personal injury cases --
including one in which $ 5,746.48 was withheld from a $ 25,000 settlement.
The withheld funds, earmarked for repayment to the client's finance company,
were not remitted. Ultimately, the opinion noted, Brown and Rosenberg repaid the
debt through their personal accounts.     Retired Baltimore City Circuit Judge
Richard T. Rombro made findings of fact and conducted an evidentiary hearing
that found Brown and Rosenberg violated professional conduct rules.     "The
problems of both respondents arose from their negligence and lack of
understanding of the basic rules of the practice of civil law," Rombro wrote.
"The background of both respondents is completely in the field of criminal law
with little if any exposure to civil law practice.     "The court does not find
that any of the respondents' clients were injured financially; indeed the
failure to follow the rules resulted in the their depriving themselves of funds
to which they were entitled," Rombro continued. "There is no evidence that
either of the respondents were motivated by venality or greed. Rather their
shortcomings can be ascribed to negligence and ignorance of the rules."
Rombro called the issue of the withheld funds not being paid "problematic."
"As a result of the failure to pay, the client was sued and a judgment was
entered against her," Rombro wrote. "While clearly the respondents were
negligent in not making the payments, the court believes that they were not even
aware that the money had been withheld because they had permitted their
secretary to completely handle their personal injury practice."    In addition,
a letter from Dominic Iamele, president of the Maryland Criminal Trial Lawyers
Association, was introduced into evidence on the attorneys' behalf.     "Mr.
Iamele states that in his opinion both respondents are among the premier
criminal defense attorneys in the Baltimore metropolitan area and that each has
a large practice," Rombro concluded. "This court has had experience with both
respondents as indeed has every judge on this bench. They have appeared in
numerous cases before this court and have always conducted themselves in a
competent and professional manor."    Brown did not return a phone call for
comment. Neither Rosenberg nor AGC Bar Counsel Melvin Hirshman had seen the
opinion and both declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 The Daily Record Co.


                              417 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               December 29, 1997

The sour smell of success;
 Freeloading hacks, sharp studio lawyers, paranoid PRs . . . welcome to

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER REED

SECTION: The Guardian Features Page; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1431 words


The season of goodwill and gift-giving does come to Hollywood, but as with most
Tinseltown activities a deal is attached - particularly where journalists from
overseas are concerned. In the past few weeks the 82 active members of the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association have been recipients of wardrobe-loads of
baseball caps and T-shirts, a dish of creme brulee (a delicacy featured in the
Julia Roberts romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding), dozens of free videos
of the year's top films, and a box of tissues which, when one is extracted,
plays a speech from the movie Donnie Brasco.

This tasteful artifact was also sent to more than 400 other 'entertainment
writers' across north America. The speech from Donnie Brasco, a film about New
York mobsters, concerns use of the phrase 'Forget about it.' The film's
producers presumably hope this becomes as famous a slogan as Tom Cruise yelling
'Show me the money' in last year's Oscar nominee Jerry Maguire, about a sports
agent.

All this is about marketing, of course. The studios believe, probably rightly,
that gimmicky trash gifts help sell the 'product', films that today routinely
cost more than A30 million. But at this time of year there is another more
urgent purpose: nomination of a film in the Golden Globe and Oscar awards.

The Globes are where the obscure and often elderly part-time foreign hacks at
HFPA are really useful to Hollywood. Their nominations, announced earlier this
month - the awards ceremony is on January 18 - serve as a valuable precursor to
the more prestigious Oscars. Recently the HFPA obligingly brought the whole
process forward, further to aid the Oscar cause.

Before nominations, members are invited to press junkets on which the studios
pay for hotels and meals, and the wealthy HFPA, which sells the Globe show to
NBC, often covers air tickets. Recent trips included two to New York, a jaunt to
Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, where Elizabeth Taylor used to have a home, and a lunch
and tour of the Napa Valley winery in north California belonging to Francis
Coppola, director of Paramount's recent thriller, The Rainmaker.

Such freeloading may not bring direct results, and the flagrant venality of some
association members - pocketing goodies at buffets, sending their measurements
to studio PRs, putting their dry cleaning on the hotel bill - makes even
hardened Hollywood hacks flinch. Yet analysts have found a distinct studio bias
in the Globe selections, and studios continue to encourage the spongers. 'They
can be bought,' an industry observer remarked.

We can excuse Hollywood, which makes no secret of its marketing, more than the
HFPA, which claims objectivity in defending the Globes. The association is even
more unpalatable for restrictive practices. Your correspondent, it must be
reported, is not a member. Nor are the representatives of the Times, the
Independent, or Le Monde - its correspondent has been rejected several times.

As officials at the HFPA have acknowledged, certain correspondents are unwanted
when their membership, with its useful privileges of special screenings, star
interviews, and location trips, would threaten an existing member's income. This
blatant self-protection, condoned by the studios, is only one example of a
hopelessly compromised industry, in which normal media coverage and acceptance
of the right of a free press to inquire and inform, is completely subsumed by
the higher purpose of sales.

As well as studio hacks, the industry deploys a corps of over-protective PRs
-to-the-stars. Whereas the studios regard the media as an extension of their
marketing departments, the PR sycophants view any reportage as an intrusion on
their charges' delicate egos - except on the carefully selected occasions when
those egos must be further massaged for their greater enrichment.

The woman credited with pioneering today's highly restrictive practices is Pat
Kingsley, 65. It is she who first introduced such things as; vetting
interviewers, seeing text prior to publication, advance exclusion of certain
topics (usually the most interesting ones), and even vetoing cover story
headlines alongside certain clients' billing. Again however, the media must
accept blame for not telling the Kingsleys of Hollywood where to put their
clients.

To venal journalists, and bossy PRs, and vainglorious actors and executives,
should be added Hollywood's sheer incompetence in proper media response. As a
famous screenwriter once said: 'Nobody in Hollywood knows anything.' The studios
generally divide PR into domestic and foreign, thus doubling their bureaucracy.
Yet the foreign departments have rarely heard of influential overseas newspapers
such as the Guardian, Le Monde, or Asahi Shimbun. Their functionaries convey a
clear indication that anything other than a respectful rewrite of a fulsome
announcement is an unpleasant and indecent intrusion.

How Steven Spielberg's new studio, DreamWorks, responded to rumours of
plagiarism in his new movie about a slave ship rebellion, Amistad, demonstrates
that nothing has changed. I called the studio's overseas PR department at noon
to hear a recorded voice asking me to leave a message. Nobody called until 4.45
the next afternoon, saying my queries must be put to their lawyer, Bert Fields,
although they did not concern legalities. He never called back. When I put my
questions again to DreamWorks, silence ensued. That is typical.

Fields, last seen defending singer Michael Jackson against accusations of
paedophilia, is everyone's idea of a Hollywood lawyer. In a recent TV appearance
he castigated the distinguished historical novelist Barbara Chase -Riboud, who
claims DreamWorks stole fictionalisations from her book about the slave ship,
Echoes Of Lions. Fields's language even brought a rebuke from the roustabout
trash TV host Geraldo Rivera. But such is Hollywood arrogance, he remains the
hit man.

The continuing suspicions of plagiarism may yet extinguish Spielberg's Oscar
hopes. But in with a good chance is Titanic, at $ 200 million 'the world's most
expensive film' and one the world's press wrote off as a giant flop over a year
ago. Just released here, critics are fawning over Titanic as a triumph for
director James Cameron, and a return to old-style movie-making at its best. We
do not yet know if Titanic will recover its costs, but it has a chance. Another
premature financial flop in the press was Waterworld, Kevin Costner's sci-fi
epic, which eventually did break even.

These stories assumed a life of their own partly because studios rarely hold
press conferences or give reporters access to at least look for the truth. As a
departing Hollywood reporter for the New York Times remarked, movies are a
one-town industry like no other. Standard attributed sources in Hollywood remain
nameless executives - all too scared of the sack to say who they are.

Their fear is not entirely misplaced. A British colleague discovered how nasty
Hollywood can be if you challenge its power. He was shown a pirated copy of
Pierce Brosnan's first Bond movie, Goldeneye. (Viewing a pirate video is not an
offence; taping it is.) His story broke MGM's carefully co-ordinated publicity
campaign in which viewings, interviews, and 'events' are tailored to marketing
requirements.

The day his piece appeared he received a call from an MGM bigwig in London at
6am California time, asking how he obtained the video. At 9am a Hollywood MGM
senior executive called - the first time the studio had responded seriously in
two years of journalistic inquiries. Then came a call from a senior lawyer at
the Motion Picture Association of America, the industry organisation which once
boasted that it conducted its own foreign policy.

'They were all absolutely paranoid,' my colleague recalls. A week later, two
detectives from the LA District Attorney's serious crime unit arrived on his
doorstep at 7 am. Same questions, all of which he declined to answer, knowing
that California has a 'shield law' protecting journalists' sources.

Ask a legitimate question of the studios, seek an interview while maintaining
editorial integrity, even try to join a professional association, and be
prepared to receive a flea in your reporter's ear. Flout Hollywood's marketing
plans, or question studio integrity, and expect close and menacing attention.

As for all those trashy presents arriving at the front door, beware of geeks
bearing gifts. And if you are seeking to be an ordinary but honourable
journalist in Hollywood, well, forget about it.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              418 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 23, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

'Glass Houses'

SECTION: Section 7; Column 5; Book Review Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 93 words


To the Editor:

Susan J. Tolchin and Martin Tolchin, the authors of "Glass Houses" (review, Dec.
2), misunderstand the nature of contemporary political corruption. The problem
is no longer primarily the venality of individual legislators but rather the
institutional political corruption that flows from inadequately regulated
campaign contributions (particularly from wealthy individuals and corporate
interests, and usually in support of incumbents). This pervasive corruption
compromises the legislative process in its entirety.

John S. Koppel
Bethesda, Md.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              419 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JANUARY 19, 1996 Friday SF EDITION

A STUNNING 'RICHARD III,' UPDATED AND JUST REEKING OF EVIL

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan, INQUIRER MOVIE CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 746 words


The sleek, stripped-down new version of Othello demonstrates what a change of
pace can do for Shakespeare. Ian McKellen plays out the dark fate of Richard III
in a stunningly reimagined setting, and the change of time and place makes this
supreme work of art speak with renewed and cutting relevance.

It has long been a given of Shakespeare production on both stage and screen that
his genius can survive anything that lesser mortals heap on his dramas. All too
often, this kind of change comes off as whimsical and muddled meddling that saps
and trivializes the original. And Richard III, updated from the tumult of Tudor
England to a fictional, fascist London in the 1930s, is, at first glance, a
dislocating transition.

But after a deftly managed and terse introduction to this chilling milieu, we
are in the thrall of brilliant interpretation that bridges the centuries.
Shakespeare's Olympian dissection of power, corruption and venality and his
portrait of blistering villainy take on fresh meanings.

Modernizing the play with resource and ingenuity, Richard III holds a mirror to
our blighted age. McKellen's Richard, a master of statecraft and cunning
blackmail and manipulation, is a very contemporary tyrant.

The drastic adaptation of the text is by McKellen and director Richard
Loncraine, and the effectiveness of their approach emerges quickly and
powerfully. England is caught in the turmoil of civil war, and chaos creates
room for fascism to flourish. Richard, the man who would be king, sees the
weakness of the throne's current occupant. But his celebrated introductory
soliloquy is recast. "Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer"
becomes an ironic speech in praise of victory given to the assembled court. Then
Richard shuffles off to be alone and let the audience in on his plans for the
long line of hapless victims who stand between him and the crown.

Where Laurence Olivier, in his justly admired 1955 film of Richard III, brought
a certain crippled charm to Richard, McKellen musters the venom and hate of a
man who is persuaded, quite correctly, that the world hates him. Even in his
courtship of Lady Anne, whom he has just widowed, Richard's moments of pathos
are no more than scarcely veiled contempt for the woman he professes to love.

Far more than Olivier's Richard III, Loncraine's version is a movie that really
moves with scenes of quick, bursting energy. But for all its propulsive
swiftness, Richard III makes room for details. The production is meticulously
and vividly realized, from the trim on an airplane to the art deco inlay of a
cigarette holder.

And once that reality has been firmly established, the dynamics and the forces
that make the rise of someone like Richard possible - whether on the battlefield
of Bosworth in 1485 or in the mountains of Bosnia today - are presented with
scrupulous clarity.

This is a reading of the play that concentrates on the flaws in those around
Richard as much as on the monster in the middle. With his withered arm and other
afflictions, McKellen radiates a poisonous bitterness. His Richard delights more
in the conniving, lying and arm-twisting that escalate the body count than in
the goals each murder is meant to achieve.

The supporting cast is the now mandatory mix of familiar American faces -
Annette Bening, Robert Downey Jr. - and top-tier British stage talent. Bening is
a fine Queen Elizabeth, but Downey seems stranded as Rivers.

The triumph of Richard's enemies on the field of Bosworth here becomes a modern,
mechanized battle on the South Coast of England. But the remakers of Richard III
still find a way for the doomed Richard to offer his kingdom for a horse. It is
an extraordinary set piece that builds toward and visualizes his climactic
plunge into hellfire. That closing image of Richard III is a fitting end for him
and an apt reflection of the blazing inspiration that takes its place among the
great Shakespeare films.

RICHARD III * * * * Produced by Lisa Katselas Pare and Stephen Bayly, directed
by Richard Loncraine, adapted by Richard Loncraine and Ian McKellen from the
play by William Shakespeare, photography by Peter Biziou, music by Trevor Jones,
distributed by United Artists Pictures.

Running time: 1:44

Richard III - Ian McKellen

Queen Elizabeth - Annette Bening

Buckingham - Jim Broadbent

Clarence - Nigel Hawthorne

Rivers - Robert Downey Jr.

Parent's guide: R (violence)

Showing at: Ritz Five.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: REVIEW: FILM

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 15, 2008 Friday
                                 First Edition

Privacy needs more protection ... but how will we catch scoundrels?

BYLINE: RICHARD ACKLAND justinian@lawpress.com.au

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 765 words


The most interesting stories in the newspaper invariably are those someone
doesn't want published. Philandering, state secrets, incompetence, venality,
greed, hubris, double standards. You name it. These are the things that lie at
the heart of the most sparkling bits of news.

Invariably they are followed by much tutt-tutting from offended gatekeepers, but
without upsetting someone's inflated view of themselves the rest of the
information fodder would largely be composed of distillations of press releases
and media conferences or a careful recounting of who got a ball or a nose over a
line first. Gripping stuff.

So it's little wonder that the media is a bit tetchy about the latest sweeping
reorganisation of its turf proposed by the Australian Law Reform Commission, in
step with the law reformers in NSW.

In a speech back in 2005 Chief Justice James Spigelman recalled a sagacious
remark by Senator Roscoe Conkling, a Republican machine party boss in New York,
who said in 1880: "Some of these worthies masquerade as reformers ... Their real
object is office and plunder. When Dr Johnson defined patriotism as the last
refuge of a scoundrel, he was unconscious of the then undeveloped possibilities
of the word 'reform'."

The marrow of the commission's proposed reform is a new statutory right of
action for invasion of privacy. Anyone with "a reasonable expectation of
privacy" could bring an action for damages, injunctions, corrections, account of
profits etc by showing that the conduct of the media organisation "is highly
offensive to a person of ordinary sensibilities".

So which side of the line would the story about Cheryl Kernot's affair with
Gareth Evans fall? Or the circumstances surrounding the death of Billy Snedden?
Or Princess Fergie having her toes sucked by an American? Or a sportsman accused
of consuming chemical enhancements? Or a radio announcer caught in a
compromising sexual situation?

The beauty of it all is that it is impossible to tell. The line is wavy and
interpretations will differ.

This means that lawyers can argue about it until the cows come home and judges
can bat tiny concepts up and down the stare decisis food chain until everyone is
exhausted, or broke.

In the meantime, the editor still has to make a decision about what to run in
the morning's paper. If the Australian Law Reform Commission or NSW law
reformers' ideal ever becomes a reality it can safely be predicted that what you
see, hear or read will be less interesting, which might be difficult to imagine.

But then the law is not concerned about what is "interesting to the public". It
has concentrated on fossicking about in the entrails of the entirely different
sex-free zone of "public interest".

The "public interest" was an additional little hoop media organisations had to
jump through in the libel courts, even if they had established the "truth" of
something. Truth was qualified by "public interest". After generations of
herculean struggle, "public interest" was quietly strangled and we were left
with what Alexander Solzhenitsyn expressed in a slightly different context as
"the irresistible power of the unarmed truth". Here we are, just seconds into
the new dawn and the law reform brigade want to drag us back to judicially
massaged portions of truth, or no truth at all. For that is precisely what these
suggestions amount to.

When journalists sees the word "reasonable" as the defining legal test they may
as well pull out a gun and shoot themselves. They are complete and utter goners.
What may be a journalistic view of a "reasonable expectation of privacy" sure as
hell won't be a judge's view.

We know from the defamation world that a journalist may think it "reasonable" to
make 10 phone calls to check a story. The judge will say, "why didn't you make
11?" The journalist will use most of the quotes provided by the subject of an
interview. The judge will say, "you should have used all of them".

The deck is stacked against reporters when the law says "be reasonable".

Needless to say there's no end to the money on offer. One bundle of money for
breach of privacy (judge alone, no jury) then another bundle for defamation. On
both counts complainants need prove no damage whatsoever.

More alarming is the prospect that privacy laws will trigger injunctions against
journalists, and then injunctions against the sources. It is not so much a case
of damaging stories, as no stories at all. And all this in a world when half the
citizens are jamming their mugs, breasts and bottoms onto YouTube, Facebook or a
zillion other cyber highways of public consumption. Honestly.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Nostalgic 'Heaven' waits at Jewel Box Theatre in Oklahoma City

BYLINE: BY ANNA HOLLOWAYÂ  For The Oklahoman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 464 words


Jewel Box Theatre offers an entertaining production of Harry Segall's 1938 play,
"Heaven Can Wait." It's inspired two films - 1941's "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" and
1978's updated version under the original title. The play is unavoidably dated
and demands a suspension of disbelief and acceptance of some interesting limits
for divine intervention, but it's well played and fun.Director Richard Lemin has
assembled a talented cast and uses them well to tell this convoluted story. In
the central role of Joe Pendleton, professional boxer and airplane charter
pilot, Clinton Joseph demonstrates a bravado and sense of timing that helps the
humor to shake off the dust of the somewhat outmoded story.His primary foil, the
heavenly functionary Mr. Jordan, is played with stolid consistency by David
Patterson, who gives the quasi-angelic figure a rather kindly distance.

The other corner of the comic triangle is Joe's boxing manager, Max Levene,
played as the hapless and shrewd "straight" man by Doug Monson.Joe finds himself
unexpectedly in heaven, removed from his life by a beginner "messenger" 60 years
too early. His body has been destroyed, so in order to rectify the injustice,
Mr. Jordan gives him some opportunities to find a new life. In the course of
trying to resolve Joe's situation, a murder is solved, and Joe finds true love.
Max, a devout cynic, gains a good fighter with a future in the game - and
perhaps a little faith.Among those affected along the way, we meet Julia
Farnsworth, played with slinky venality by Denise Hughes. Julia and her lover
(who is also her husband's private secretary) Tony Abbott, played by Darron
Dunbar, have just drowned her millionaire husband in the bathtub so that they
can marry and spend his money. Joe inhabits the newly vacated body of
Farnsworth, astonishing the erstwhile widow and her co- conspirator, and then
proceeds to try to repair the damage that the venal Farnsworth has done in the
world.One of his victims was the father of Bette Logan, an attractive young lady
who despises Farnsworth. Karen Garlitz provides a feisty strength not often seen
in this kind of very traditional ingenue role.In other roles, Vicki Wilcox is
pitch perfect as the Farnsworth housekeeper, Mrs. Ames, and Rodonna Carter and
Ariel Therkiel cover supporting roles. Chris Harris gives an amusing performance
as Messenger 7013, the author of Joe's predicament, and John Ferguson makes a
brief appearance as a fight doctor. Craig Hawthorne and Larry Harris also turn
in serviceable performances.Costumes by Jeffrey Meek were consistent with the
period of the play; lighting and set design served the story effectively. Sound
design included music of the period, and the audience was warned about a gunshot
sound effect.- Anna Holloway, for The Oklahoman

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DIBELLA MUST PAY $791K;
MDC CHIEF FINED, ORDERED TO GIVE BACK SHAM FEE

BYLINE: EDMUND H. MAHONY And JON LENDER; Courant Staff Writers

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1172 words


Hartford's regional sewer czar William A. DiBella was ordered to pay nearly
$800,000 on Thursday for taking a sham fee on a pension deal growing out of the
1990s investment scandal that sent his friend, former state Treasurer Paul
Silvester, to prison.

The order, filed Thursday in New Haven by Senior U.S. District Judge Ellen B.
Burns, contained little good news for DiBella. But the former state senator
vowed to keep fighting his critics, who say the pension case should force his
resignation as chairman of the Metropolitan District Commission, the capital
region sewer and water authority now spending $2 billion on a massive upgrade
project.

Burns ordered DiBella to give up the $374,500 "finder's fee" he collected from
Silvester's 1998 investment of $75 million from the state employee pension fund
in a private equity partnership run by Republican fundraiser Frederick R. Malek.
In her order, Burns repeated a conclusion that has surfaced frequently in
long-running litigation over the deal: DiBella collected an enormous fee even
though he "played no role" in the investment.

The judge also ordered DiBella to pay $307,127.45 in interest and a $110,000
civil fine, bringing the total to more than $791,000.

"DiBella's violation clearly involved fraud, deceit, manipulation or deliberate
or reckless disregard of a regulatory requirement," Burns said in her order.

The amount of the civil fine was one of the bright spots for DiBella. The U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, which a year ago won a unanimous civil
verdict against DiBella after suing over the pension deal, wanted him fined more
than twice as much - an amount equivalent to his sham fee.

Burns also denied the SEC's request that DiBella be permanently barred from
serving as an officer or director of a publicly held company, which she said is
not "warranted in this case."

The SEC suit against DiBella is the last act in a series of indictments and
lawsuits that showcased the culture of venality that infused the state Capitol
during the late 1990s. The cases focused on politically connected figures on the
fringes of convicted former Gov. John G. Rowland's administration who used their
influence to collect millions of dollars by rigging fees tied to Silvester
pension fund investments.

Luke T. Cadigan, one of the SEC lawyers who sued DiBella, said Thursday: "We are
pleased with the court's decision and think that the punishment properly
reflects the serious nature of the securities violations that Mr. DiBella
committed."

The SEC has said it wants DiBella's payments to go to the state treasury, which
the commission characterized as a victim of investment fraud.

But the case may not be over yet, notwithstanding Burns' order. DiBella said
Thursday he will appeal.

He also said Burns' order was not as bad as it might have been. He said the SEC
originally wanted an order forcing him to pay more than $1 million.

And he was pleased that he was not prohibited from serving on the boards of
public companies.

"This is a civil matter that's been going on for 10 years," DiBella said. "The
appeal is part of the process."

The repayment order in itself was enough to renew calls for DiBella's ouster as
Metropolitan District chairman and chief steward of its unprecedented
construction program. So far, he has avoided ouster by mobilizing allies on the
29-member district board.

"This is what we have been talking about for basically a year," said Newington
Mayor Jeff Wright, a Republican, district board member and DiBella critic. "Now
that the matter has come to a conclusion, I call for him to step down as
chairman of the MDC."

Wright urged the eight district member towns to follow the lead of the Newington
Town Council, which has adopted a resolution of no confidence in DiBella. The
chief executives of member towns are scheduled to meet this morning.

"I think it's time for the elected officials to say 'enough is enough,' in the
name of good government," Wright said.

DiBella has ignored calls for his resignation for 10 months and said Thursday
that he would continue to do so.

"Nothing has changed," he said, after reading the court order. "I have no
intention of resigning."

DiBella said findings by a federal jury and judge - that he was involved in
fraud, deceit, manipulation and disregard of securities regulations - have "no
impact on how I function in the MDC." He said that, over his political career as
Hartford city councilman, state legislator and MDC chairman, he has never been
found guilty of an ethics violation.

"I've never had a felony or misdemeanor charge against me in my entire life," he
said.

He said, unlike him, Silvester and others were convicted and imprisoned for
their roles in the treasury scandal.

"I was investigated in depth on the criminal issues, and there was never a
charge against me," he said.

Silvester, a Republican, was state treasurer from 1997 until 1999. After being
voted out of office, he began cooperating with FBI agents looking into how he
invested money from the state pension fund. Silvester's admissions were included
in FBI reports obtained by The Courant.

Silvester said he felt indebted to DiBella, a Democrat and an old friend,
because DiBella had secretly supported Silvester's unsuccessful campaign in
1998. Silvester said he first tried to arrange a finder's fee for DiBella in
connection with a pension fund investment he placed with Paine Webber. When
Paine Webber balked at paying DiBella, Silvester said he agreed to have DiBella
written in as a finder in the investment with Malek's company, Thayer Capital
Partners of Washington, D.C.

A variety of sources said DiBella urged Silvester to increase the amount of the
state investment with Malek from $50 million to $75 million, a move that would
have increased the amount of his fee. Eventually, Silvester said he agreed to
the $75 million figure, meaning DiBella would have received a $525,000 fee.

Malek's company, which stood to earn millions of dollars in money management
fees, also stood to benefit from a larger investment. According to the FBI
reports, Silvester told Malek that Thayer could have the investment but that
DiBella needed a commission.

After Silvester lost the 1998 election, his successor, Denise Nappier, became
suspicious of his investments. Among other things, Nappier reduced the state's
investment with Thayer, cutting DiBella's fee to $374,500.

In Thursday's court order, Burns wrote that DiBella knew that his fee from the
Thayer investment was a fraud and admitted as much when he testified during the
SEC suit.

"He admitted that he was not the finder on the Thayer ... deal, that it was his
understanding that Silvester put him on the deal to make up for the Paine Webber
deal, and that he had a general awareness that Silvester's conduct was
improper," Burns wrote. She also wrote that DiBella pushed to increase the
Thayer investment "with no understanding" of whether that would benefit the
state employees' pension fund but understanding that it would increase his fee.

Contact Edmund H. Mahony at emahony@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (B&W) MUG
 DIBELLA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 6, 1984, Wednesday, Final Edition

'Mikado': Timeless Fun

BYLINE: By Sandy Rovner

SECTION: Style; TV Preview; B8

LENGTH: 566 words


"The Mikado," the all-time top-of-the-charts Gilbert and Sullivan opera, has
traditionally come in all sizes and colors and temperatures. There was the Hot
Mikado, the Cool Mikado, the Red Mikado and the Black Mikado, not to mention the
Swing Mikado and also not to mention the countless parodies of "Mikado"
songs--one of the most notable having been the takeoff of the "Three Little
Maids"--in Harold Rome's "Pins and Needles" in the 1930s.

Even while the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company was alive and kicking, there was a
quite passable film (D'Oyly Carte's Martyn Green as Ko-Ko; popular radio and
film tenor Kenny Baker as Nanki-Poo) and a TV production (also Martyn Green)
with Groucho Marx as the Mikado.

Now comes the "Compleat Gilbert and Sullivan" version for television--at 9
tonight on Channel 26. On a scale of 10 this one rates about 8.5 and is probably
the best production yet of this BBC series.

It still lacks something of the panache given the opera by, for example, the New
York City Opera production of a few years ago, but it is essentially true to the
spirit of the D'Oyly Carte, even though it is missing some of the "impromptu"
high jinks its various Ko-Kos and Pooh-Bahs have given audiences over the years.

It is curious (and in any other context it might be depressing) how timeless is
this tale of political knavery and venality. (The City Opera performance in
Washington came during the Watergate period and it seemed impossible that some
of the lines had not been updated. Indeed, they were the to-the-letter lines
penned by W.S. Gilbert--in 1884.)

The "Compleat" version is rather more musical and less political, but the
musical numbers are what really hurled the opera to all-time favorite status and
even those folks who don't know a peer from a peri or a sister from a cousin or
a Buttercup from a Bunthorne can at least recognize "I've Got a Little List,"
"Tit Willow," "My Object All Sublime" or "The Flowers That Bloom in the Spring."
It's the perfect introduction to Gilbert and Sullivan and this presentation
offers a good chance for whole-family viewing.

William ("Cannon") Conrad is this production's "guest artist" as the Mikado. The
Mikado himself is not necessarily a major role. He doesn't even come on stage
until the last act. Oh, to be sure, when the Mikado is Groucho Marx, it becomes
a major role; but Conrad, although properly prepossessing, is no more than
adequate.

Clive Revill, on the other hand, is a truly felicitous Ko-Ko ("Laughing, Ha!
Ha!; chaffing, Ha! Ha!; nectar quaffing, Ha! Ha! Ha! . . ."). He's no stranger
to Gilbert and Sullivan and this won't be his last appearance, although we will
have to wait for at least the next season, "The Mikado" being the last of this
year's ration.

Old-timers will remember veteran musical star Revill as Fagin in the original
"Oliver" and even earlier in both London and Broadway versions of "Irma La
Douce." New-timers will recognize his voice (maybe) as that of the emperor in
"The Empire Strikes Back."

The quality of the singing is quite nice in this production, with Anne Collins a
particularly strong Katisha. The Solemn Silence trio is a delight--Sullivan's
joyous lyrical music and the grisly Gilbert lyric--as "In a pestilential prison
with a lifelong lock/ awaiting the sensation of short, sharp shock/ From a cheap
and chippy . . ." Well, I'm sure you remember the rest.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, William Conrad as the Mikado

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              424 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Hiaasen skewers a pre-roasted topic

BYLINE: Louis Bayard

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 838 words


STAR ISLAND

By Carl Hiaasen

Knopf. 337 pp. $26.95

There is precious  little innocence in Carl Hiaasen's moral universe, only
gradients of venality. Spend enough time with all those stoners and smugglers
and ex-cons and sugar cane tycoons and telemarketers and televangelists, and
you'll swear they must have crawled straight from the Florida swamps, hissing,
wreathed in poisonwood. Which is another way of saying that Hiaasen needs his
southern Florida the way Dickens needed his fog.

Should we be alarmed, then, that the chief troublemaker in "Star Island" hails
not from Dade County but from the Hollywood Hills? Her name is Cherry Pye, nee
Cheryl Bunterman, and she's a pop singer of the "barely legal slut" school,
employed by Jailbait Records. She sells millions of singles with titles like
"Runaway Tongue" and "Jealous Bone," and so what if she has a voice like "a
sackful of starving kittens"? That's what backup singers and celebrity machinery
are for, and, as a result, Cherry Pye is a bona fide star and very much an
island: vacuous, egoistic and shrill, and given to pensÃ©es like "After I die,
see, I really wanted to come back as a whale? But now I don't, 'cause who wants
to get, like, stabbed with a harpoon?"

It's okay, Cherry doesn't have to be smart. She has a retinue of handlers and
bottom-feeders -- her parents notable among them -- who do all her thinking for
her. The one thing they can't do is keep Cherry from partying and, in short
order, overdosing. Their only recourse is to trundle her off to the next ER or
rehab center and hope nobody notices. And to make sure nobody does, they hire an
"undercover stunt double," a young actress named Ann DeLusia who impersonates
Cherry at clubs and premieres and even the passing funeral -- wherever fans
expect Cherry to be.

The subterfuge is ticking along just fine until a sweaty paparazzo named Bang
Abbott kidnaps Ann under the impression she's Cherry. Bang's agenda is simple.
He wants a day alone with his beloved star so he can create the photographs that
will compose her memorial. (Quite reasonably, he assumes she'll be dead before
the year is out. Remember all those advance obits being generated for Lindsay
Lohan?) Unfortunately for him, Cherry's latest bodyguard is a giraffe-size
killer named Chemo with a finely honed instinct for self-preservation and a weed
whacker where his hand used to be. And Ann herself has a defender in glass-eyed
Clinton Tyree, formerly governor and now a vigilante-style nemesis to the
developers who are turning Florida's wilderness into cinder blocks and asphalt.

Alert fans will recognize Clinton and Chemo as holdovers from earlier Hiaasen
larks, but will be comforted nonetheless by the new grotesques crowding into the
grotto: Botoxed twin publicists; a strung-out drummer from a band called the
Poon Pilots; a young actor playing "a corpse-diddling longboarder with the soul
of a poet" in Tarantino's latest film; and, just in passing, Cherry's youngest
brother, who has "a gallery in La Jolla dedicated to homoerotic sculpture and
watercolors on butcher paper, painted with the tail of his deaf Persian cat."

How would such disparate people ever intersect in the real world? Why would
someone as smart and resourceful as Ann allow herself to be kidnapped by a clod
like Bang Abbott? Why is Clinton Tyree even there? (His effect on the main story
is minimal.) Longtime readers know better than to dwell on such questions:
Hiaasen is a master not of plot but of situation.

Consider three moments. Cherry's mom, upon hearing that a scallop tastes "like a
broiled tumor," suggests trying it with ponzu sauce. Tyree's glass eye pops out
of its socket and rolls down the aisle of a bus; Ann, without a word, retrieves
it from under a wet bar. A hired assassin rats out his employer for failing to
upgrade him from coach to first class. In each case, the effect is strangely
serene because each character is simply following the dictates of his inner
logic -- and is all the more surprised when some other system of logic gets in
the way. A sentence like "The whole experience had soured him on contract
killings" is, in the Hiaasen scheme of things, perfectly coherent and all the
funnier for it.

What keeps "Star Island" from ascending to the author's upper echelon is the
op-ed staleness that clings to its satire. Wandering outside his tropic comfort
zone, Hiaasen hasn't come up with any insights more lancing than this: Show
business is phony. Which, in addition to being old news, is seriously beside the
point. Under the prevailing cultural ethos, phoniness is the new integrity.
Kathy Griffin makes lunge after lunge at the A-list (long after she's arrived
there). Heidi Montag pouts when doctors deny her more plastic surgeries. Lady
Gaga sounds like Madonna, and Madonna sounds like the Duchess of Bedford.
Writing a comedy about showbiz has become worse than easy, it's become
redundant. Never mind what Edmund Kean said on his deathbed: It's tragedy now
that's hard.

Bayard is a novelist and reviewer in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 17, 2013 Tuesday 9:42 AM GMT

High finance to high stakes in Vegas

BYLINE: By James Moore

SECTION: BUSINESS OPINION

LENGTH: 769 words


There has never been a crisis like it - the collapse of Lehman Brothers five
years ago this week almost destroyed the financial system.

It may seem scarcely credible now, but there were reports at the time of hedge
fund managers paying top dollar for flocks of sheep with whIch to barter as the
world panicked about just how bad it could get.

The resulting economic tsunami was the catalyst for the eurozone crisis and the
deepest recession in a generation, and saw billions of pounds spent bailing out
Britain's banking industry. Where Lehmans provided the defining moment of the
financial meltdown it also gave it a human face, via the hundreds of bright and
hard-working young people - largely innocent of the chicanery, venality and
hubris that led to Lehman's collapse - who suddenly saw their careers go up in
smoke. So what became of Mark Cudmore, one of those young victims?

From high finance to high stakes poker, Mark Cudmore's career since leaving
Lehman Brothers has been nothing if not colourful. He joined the bank straight
from Dublin's Trinity College and became a trader in the currencies of so-called
'emerging markets' - fast growing, if risky, economies. "I loved it. I loved my
job," he says. "I'm embarrassed to admit I became a bit brainwashed to Lehmans'
ways. I was very bearish on the economy, and I thought the banking industry was
screwed, but I told my girlfriend that I thought Lehmans was the safest. I
didn't realise the lies."

Just a day or so before the collapse Cudmore had been in Budapest on business,
and had reassured junior staffers there that the worst simply couldn't happen.
From Hungary he flew to Turkey for the compulsory 'long' holiday of just over
two weeks that traders are required to take by regulators so that their work can
be audited in an attempt to catch any mischief that some may have been tempted
to commit. It was in an Istanbul hotel that he read about the meltdown.

"I said to my girlfriend: 'I think I've lost my job.' People were saying: 'Come
back,' they were panicking. But I was very lucky. I had a good boss who
negotiated several other jobs."

Instead of moving to another bank Cudmore opted to join a hedge fund, but failed
to last beyond his probation. Now that company, too, no longer exists. From
there Cudmore had spells at Standard Chartered and Nomura - talented traders are
a very valuable commodity, even when the market is tanking. But after a
whistlestop tour of the City he decided he was in need of a break, quit his job,
and headed for Las Vegas and the World Series of Poker. "My brother is the main
poker player in the family. He's played seriously for a while and he was
planning to go out to play the World Series. I decided to join him," he says.

Cudmore is no slouch himself, and had won nearly $8,000 playing for
progressively bigger stakes online. He was just $2,000 short of the entry fee
for the World Series when he lost the lot practicing before the tournament. His
brother agreed to split any cash he won before the Vegas tournament to get him
into the game. When he finished in the money -no mean feat when you're taking on
some of the best players in the world - the $25,000 covered his costs, and more.

As well as the poker, the pair had been funding themselves counting cards on the
Strip's blackjack tables. The technique, which requires considerable skill, a
particularly good memory, and some acting ability to keep casinos off the scent,
involves keeping track of the high value cards. When a 'shoe' of cards contains
lots of tens and picture cards the odds of winning shift in favour of the player
and against the 'house'. Many people think they can do it, few manage it
successfully. Being caught counting in Vegas will get you banned from the floor,
but if you pull it off, you get the edge.

" We made a lot very quickly, so you get checked and we weren't drinking [often
a giveaway, as to count effectively requires great concentration]. It was very
obvious. Suddenly there were staff members around us and no people, and then the
manager of the floor and two very large guards."

The brothers wisely decided to stop, and were even allowed to keep their
winnings, but are now banned from blackjack and blackjack-related games at the
Cosmopolitan casino and its affiliates.

Cudmore returned to finance - this time Germany's Commerzbank.

His experience at Lehman meant he "wanted his career in banking to end on a
high" he explains, and although he still trades - using his own money - he
confesses he "hasn't got that much".

Today he's busy pursuing his stage two FA football coaching badge and taking
creative writing courses.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 17, 2013 Tuesday 1:32 AM GMT

High finance to high stakes in Vegas

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words


THERE has never been a crisis like it - the collapse of Lehman Brothers five
years ago this week almost destroyed the financial system.

It may seem scarcely credible now, but there were reports at the time of hedge
fund managers paying top dollar for flocks of sheep with whIch to barter as the
world panicked about just how bad it could get.

The resulting economic tsunami was the catalyst for the eurozone crisis and the
deepest recession in a generation, and saw billions of pounds spent bailing out
Britain's banking industry. Where Lehmans provided the defining moment of the
financial meltdown it also gave it a human face, via the hundreds of bright and
hard-working young people - largely innocent of the chicanery, venality and
hubris that led to Lehman's collapse - who suddenly saw their careers go up in
smoke. So what became of Mark Cudmore, one of those young victims?

From high finance to high stakes poker, Mark Cudmore's career since leaving
Lehman Brothers has been nothing if not colourful. He joined the bank straight
from Dublin's Trinity College and became a trader in the currencies of so-called
'emerging markets' - fast growing, if risky, economies. "I loved it. I loved my
job," he says. "I'm embarrassed to admit I became a bit brainwashed to Lehmans'
ways. I was very bearish on the economy, and I thought the banking industry was
screwed, but I told my girlfriend that I thought Lehmans was the safest. I
didn't realise the lies."

Just a day or so before the collapse Cudmore had been in Budapest on business,
and had reassured junior staffers there that the worst simply couldn't happen.
From Hungary he flew to Turkey for the compulsory 'long' holiday of just over
two weeks that traders are required to take by regulators so that their work can
be audited in an attempt to catch any mischief that some may have been tempted
to commit. It was in an Istanbul hotel that he read about the meltdown.

"I said to my girlfriend: 'I think I've lost my job.' People were saying: 'Come
back,' they were panicking. But I was very lucky. I had a good boss who
negotiated several other jobs."

Instead of moving to another bank Cudmore opted to join a hedge fund, but failed
to last beyond his probation. Now that company, too, no longer exists. From
there Cudmore had spells at Standard Chartered and Nomura - talented traders are
a very valuable commodity, even when the market is tanking. But after a
whistlestop tour of the City he decided he was in need of a break, quit his job,
and headed for Las Vegas and the World Series of Poker. "My brother is the main
poker player in the family. He's played seriously for a while and he was
planning to go out to play the World Series. I decided to join him," he says.

Cudmore is no slouch himself, and had won nearly $8,000 playing for
progressively bigger stakes online. He was just $2,000 short of the entry fee
for the World Series when he lost the lot practicing before the tournament. His
brother agreed to split any cash he won before the Vegas tournament to get him
into the game. When he finished in the money -no mean feat when you're taking on
some of the best players in the world - the $25,000 covered his costs, and more.

As well as the poker, the pair had been funding themselves counting cards on the
Strip's blackjack tables. The technique, which requires considerable skill, a
particularly good memory, and some acting ability to keep casinos off the scent,
involves keeping track of the high value cards. When a 'shoe' of cards contains
lots of tens and picture cards the odds of winning shift in favour of the player
and against the 'house'. Many people think they can do it, few manage it
successfully. Being caught counting in Vegas will get you banned from the floor,
but if you pull it off, you get the edge.

" We made a lot very quickly, so you get checked and we weren't drinking [often
a giveaway, as to count effectively requires great concentration]. It was very
obvious. Suddenly there were staff members around us and no people, and then the
manager of the floor and two very large guards."

The brothers wisely decided to stop, and were even allowed to keep their
winnings, but are now banned from blackjack and blackjack-related games at the
Cosmopolitan casino and its affiliates.

Cudmore returned to finance - this time Germany's Commerzbank.

His experience at Lehman meant he "wanted his career in banking to end on a
high" he explains, and although he still trades - using his own money - he
confesses he "hasn't got that much".

Today he's busy pursuing his stage two FA football coaching badge and taking
creative writing courses.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 April 25, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

The master of expediency;
HUGH McILVANNEY THE VOICE OF SPORT

BYLINE: HUGH McILVANNEY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 257 words


If we gave credence to all the posthumous gilding of his reputation, we might
mistake Juan Antonio Samaranch, who died on Wednesday at 89, for a man of
towering principle in the service of the Olympics. Some of us would be more
inclined to see him as one of the 20th century's great masters of networking and
expediency.

His tenure as president of the International Olympic Committee between 1980 and
2001 saw a huge swelling of the financial strength and global influence of the
Games once he had steered them beyond the enfeebling turbulence of tit-for-tat
American and Soviet boycotts in 1980 and 1984 and set about securing vast
television contracts and sponsorship deals. Moves to involve athletes actively
in the workings of the IOC also brought him credit. But running through
everything he did there seemed to be the attitudes and skills that had raised
him to positions of eminence during Franco's fascist dictatorship in Spain,
especially reliance on a system of patronage. As one obituarist pointed out, the
culture he created "incubated the corruption scandals that blighted the last
years of his presidency".

The worst of those was, of course, the exposure of venality in connection with
the IOC's granting of the 2002 Winter Games to Salt Lake City. And there were
other blemishes on Samaranch's record, notably extreme tardiness in tackling the
pervasive problem of performance-enhancing drugs and the nepotism that ushered
his son into IOC membership. He did more to take the Olympics towards wealth and
power than towards purity.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              July 26, 2009 Sunday

Not much

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 1072 words



HIGHLIGHT: State leaders, holding an empty checkbook, finally trim some
spending. But the behemoth created by the public's desire for favors still rages
out of control.


"The state is the great fiction by which everybody seeks to live at the expense
of everybody else"- Frederic Bastiat

Journalism makes the complex and convoluted simple and understandable. We pretty
much fail with California's state budget, which is complex and convoluted on
steroids.

Simplifying the labyrinth of wheeling and dealing by legislators and Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger loses something in translation. That's because state government
has metastasized into such an unwieldy beast that even its elected leaders have
little clue.

It's a monster on autopilot, animated by unchangeable taxing and spending
formulas, steered by huge, politically powerful constituents and protected by
layer upon layer of self-interest, impervious to reform. It bears little
resemblance to the concept of government as protector of God-given rights. It
looks much more like Santa Claus.

The annual folly in Sacramento occurs when they tweak the beast as they did last
week, pretending they can transform it into something benign. All they do, of
course, is add more layers of bureaucracy, new complications, new rules and,
more often than not, more tax-financed favors for the state's countless
corporate and individual dependents. Unfortunately, as Thomas Jefferson warned,
"Dependence begets subservience and venality."

In a state where everyone expects government to do more for them, we shouldn't
be surprised when government tries to do just that.

We tend to blame politicians and bureaucrats for this failing. But it's the
expectation held by so many that's the root of California's dysfunction.
Pandering politicians by definition merely give people what they want. Why is
anyone surprised that more people keep lining up for the gifts?

Last week illustrated another failing, the futility of the process. Republican
Assembly leader Sam Blakeslee was outraged to discover that the early release of
27,000 felons from prison was a consequence of the budget deal he and a tiny
cadre of others negotiated hours earlier.

The absurdity is that Mr. Blakeslee was one of only five people - two Democratic
legislative leaders, another Republican and the governor - who for days
sequestered themselves to secretly negotiate the budget deal. Only after all was
done and announced, was Mr. Blakeslee shocked to discover the deal wasn't what
he thought it was. (After his protest, lawmakers decided to postpone until
August how to cut $1.2 billion from prisons.)

If someone that close to the sausage-making horrors of cutting $15 billion in
programs and services in order to preserve $86 billion in programs and services
was taken aback, imagine the chagrin of 115 other state senators and Assembly
members. To say nothing of 36 million Californians, who hadn't a clue what was
going on, and, we might add, probably still don't.

We noted at the time that the public's business done in secret doesn't serve the
public well. But as last week demonstrated, sometimes even the ones in on the
secret aren't well-served, either. This byzantine system can't even be simply
explained in news accounts. The notion that the out-of-control monstrosity can
be effectively or efficiently managed by a governor and 120 legislators is
ludicrous.

The process inevitably boils down to either an elite handful in a closed room
deciding for everyone else, or a mob of lawmakers, lobbyists and special
interests piling perk upon favor on top of entitlement in the institutionalized
ritual of "I'll vote for yours if you vote for mine."

As Benjamin Franklin said, "When the people find that they can vote themselves
money, that will herald the end of the republic."

In less than a year, the state has faced three double-digit billion-dollar
deficits, each frantically "fixed" with prolonged, ineffective budget
"solutions." We have every reason to expect another will be needed again only
months from now.

In a state where the government tries to do everything for everyone, why are we
surprised it fails?

People naturally seek to benefit themselves. Our nation's founders understood
this innate human trait. That's why they devised a unique system with two
guiding principles to protect people from other people seeking to benefit
themselves.

A system of checks and balances, the founders understood, is mandatory to curb
appetites of those who would feast on what they can take from others. "A wise
and frugal government," Jefferson said, "shall restrain men from injuring one
another." James Madison argued for checks and balances because, "ambition must
be made to counteract ambition."

But in Sacramento there's not much checking and balancing because legislators
and the governor alike heap upon everyone everything that everyone wants to
receive. That's where the founders' second principle - small, limited government
- comes in. California's state government isn't small by any measure, and every
year has fewer limits. Sacramento recently decided to regulate not only the air
you inhale, but the CO2 you exhale.

Indeed, even Gov. Schwarzenegger, despite recently trumpeting rediscovered
conservative principles, only proposes to cut programs and services because
there's no money to expand them. The future isn't optimistic. Ratcheting back
state spending and the gratuities and entitlements heaped upon the
ever-expanding population of dependents occurred only because Sacramento's
politicians almost literally had spent the state broke. We're confident that
should they find a way to refill the bank account the largesse will flow at new,
record levels.

People ask what can be done to fix this. A growing system that exists to expand
itself and to bestow rewards may be irreversible once reaching the size and
complexity of California government. It's become both sugar daddy and divine.
The state has forsaken its mission as protector of timeless rights, and has
become giver of endless benevolences. Californians' relationship to the state
grows increasingly religious. Government has, after all, not only become the
giver of all good gifts, but it rakes in considerably more cash than most people
tithe at church, we suspect.

The only solution to this unwieldy orgy of self-interest and impenetrable
tyranny is to cut the behemoth down to size. Small and limited should be
Californians' watchwords. But it's difficult to whip up much fervor for that
campaign when "everybody seeks to live at the expense of everybody else."



mlandsbaum@ocregister.com or 714-796-5025

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, flanked by, from left, Senate GOP leader
Dennis Hollingsworth, Assembly GOP leader Sam Blakeslee, Senate President Pro
Tem Darrell Steinberg and Assembly Speaker Karen Bass, announces their budget
agreement Monday night. The Senate and Assembly approved the budget Friday.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, flanked by, from left, Senate GOP leader Dennis
Hollingsworth, Assembly GOP leader Sam Blakeslee, Senate President Pro Tem
Darrell Steinberg and Assembly Speaker Karen Bass, announces their budget
agreement Monday night. The Senate and Assembly approved the budget Friday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             May 12, 2007 Saturday
                                Final C Edition

haunted by a troubled past; Arrested 30 years after the fact, confessed murderer
says she was granted immunity for 1978 mob hit on mechanic and shouldn't be in
prison

BYLINE: Ian Mulgrew, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Ian Mulgrew; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 3372  words

DATELINE: KENT, Wash.


KENT, Wash. - Her hair gone grey, her frame saddled with 30 extra pounds from
starchy prison fare, Karen Martin indignantly brandishes a 14-page hand-written
legal critique.

"This tells you why I shouldn't be in here," she complains. "I was given
immunity."

The 52-year-old Vancouver-born Martin has been imprisoned in a south-Seattle
detention centre since December, when she was arrested for a 30-year-old
contract killing.

Martin was married to the mob back in the 1970s and her past appears to have
caught up with her.

Police say she's been on the lam for more than a quarter century -- the
triggerman in the $10,000-execution of Leroy Grant that was part of an old turf
war in the Seattle underworld.

Back then, the now pudgy, middle-aged woman was a buxom, blue-eyed babe walking
on the wild side.

A cold-blooded killer, investigators allege, who pumped one bullet into the back
of a man's head and two more into his chest to make sure he didn't get up.

A joint unit composed of the King County Sheriff's office, the FBI and city
police has linked the 1978 killing and four other murders to the battle for
supremacy in the Pacific Northwest's netherworld of strip clubs, massage
parlours and prostitution.

It is an ugly, Byzantine tale -- more trailer park than mean streets -- but
still a story that rivals The Sopranos for brutality, salaciousness and
venality. And it ensnares the denizens of the demi-monde as well as the good
burghers of city hall.

"This is all just part of an old vendetta against organized crime," Martin
insists. "They've put my life in incredible danger. They've stirred all this up
for the victims, too. They've wrecked their lives and my life -- all to put an
old man in jail. They want nothing more than to see that old man die in prison."

The old man is 89-year-old Frank Colacurcio, who once jousted with legendary
anti-Mafia crusader Bobby Kennedy's investigators over a gambling-and-sex empire
sprawled across four states. Two decades later, 12 states and the FBI had him
under a microscope.

But he's always drawn short time.

Sitting in a tiny, locked visiting cubicle behind security glass, Martin
vehemently protests the legitimacy of the state's prosecution. Moreover, she
maintains, the cops have a lot of details wrong.

The hit had nothing to do with the Colacurcios, for instance -- others were
involved, she says.

But then, she'd say that anyway at this point.

Martin left Canada with her mother when she was four, although she returned for
a while in her teens.

'60S WILD CHILD

Inflamed by the passion of the 1960s, in 1971 she married Steve Fulwiler, an
American, and quickly bore a daughter.

"I was 16 going on 30," she said.

But married life bored her: "Steve was more authoritative than I wanted. I
didn't need a father figure. I wanted to do things. He didn't have much
ambition, we didn't have much money and I guess I got mad when he came home with
a six-pack instead of a jug of milk."

At 20, Martin was hitchhiking to the welfare office when she was picked up by
Francis Leroy Cox, a.k.a. Frank Cox, Leo Cox, Lee Cox and a host of other
aliases.

"That was his MO, picking up hitchhikers and raping them," she quipped. "I was
too cooperative, I guess."

One thing led to another and that was the end of her first marriage.

She took up with Cox, a pimp, drug dealer and general rounder.

"Lee got involved in two clubs and was making good money," she explained. "I
wanted to do that too. I was ambitious."

She was soon a partner in his sordid lifestyle of massage parlours, marijuana
and small-time scams in the suburban neighbourhoods of working-class homes,
small factories, assembly plants and warehouses of South Puget Sound.

"It was wild times -- smoking pot, listening to rock and roll."

She says Cox had got involved in more lucrative criminal work and she wanted
part of that action.

Although he was imprisoned in Walla Walla at the time, Cox told Martin about the
$10,000 murder contract available on Grant.

Clad in prison-issue pumpkin, Martin is tough, articulate, gregarious,
resourceful and a born saleswoman -- the cops would say, a con.

"I turned my life around," she said. "I was married to a sexual predator and a
psychopath. All I have on my record is a DUI [driving under the influence charge
in California in 2002]. I consider myself part of the collateral damage."

She began to cry.

"I've tried to be a good girl, lead a good life, practise living with
integrity," she said, her voice cracking. "I've lived in my own prison for 30
years. It's hard to have intimacy with this in the closet. These events have
haunted me."

As they would anyone.

On Sunday, Jan. 22, 1978, Leroy Grant was a 36-year-old mechanic who apparently
owed money to the wrong people.

His wife had died from cancer three months earlier but whoever wanted him killed
had scant sympathy.

His corpse was found dumped off a secluded rural road, his three kids left
orphaned.

Martin went on with her life.

Det. Scott Tompkins, lead investigator on the case for the King County Sheriff's
office, laid out the murder case against Martin in court documents supporting
her indictment.

He said he is still scratching his head over her "organized crime" connections
since she's never named them.

The night he died, the target, Grant, told friends that he had a meeting with a
woman named Linda who wanted him to repair her Corvette.

He left the nearby Cascade Vista Lounge apparently headed for the Dynasty Lounge
in suburban Renton, where his car was later found.

A power-line inspector found Grant's body four days later, on Jan. 26, lying at
the foot of an embankment beside a rural road. He had been shot three times at
close range with a .22-calibre Magnum revolver.

Lying on the opposite side of the road were six cans of Olympia beer -- two of
them drained.

The initial investigators were never able to find "Linda" and their inquiries
ran into a brick wall.

Unknown to those detectives, however, on Jan. 9, 1979, a year after the killing,
Martin approached federal prosecutors and offered them information about
organized crime in exchange for immunity.

Colacurcio, Sr. was mentioned back then, according to those familiar with the
case.

Former assistant U.S. attorney J. Ronald Sim, now a local criminal defence
lawyer, at the time was conducting a grand jury investigation into Colacurcio
and he gave Martin her deal.

Today, though, he has little memory of the pact. Which isn't surprising.

No use was ever made of Martin's testimony. No one was charged or went to jail
as a result of what she said. She gave up nothing and no one.

Sim was legally bound to keep Martin's statement and her deal confidential,
which is why he did not tell state law enforcement agencies. Yet he also warned
Martin in a letter to her lawyer at the time that her immunity covered only
federal offences and did not extend to state crimes.

Sim said he could only urge state DAs not to prosecute and recommend leniency:
"Of course you understand, although I may be persuasive with some county
prosecutors, my recommendation has no binding effect on them."

The charge document say Martin subsequently admitted she accepted a $10,000
contract to kill Grant -- which is said to have taken prosecutors by surprise.
Unidentified organized crime figures apparently wanted him dead, she apparently
said, because he had money "he was not supposed to have."

Tompkins hasn't figured that out. He can't connect Grant to any organized crime
group that would want him dead.

In the narrative filed with the court, Martin was the "Linda" who rendezvoused
with Grant and drove off with him to supposedly go look at her Corvette,
splitting a six-pack.

Along the way, Martin said she needed to go to the bathroom and Grant pulled
over.

She asked him to stand near her with his back turned.

That's when she shot him in the back of the head, police say.

"She subsequently threw the handgun off the Tacoma Narrows bridge," Tompkins
said. "After shooting the victim she threw the Olympia beer -- two empty cans
and four full ones -- 'over a bank across the street.' She took all the man's
identification and drove his car back to Renton and parked it at the Dynasty
Restaurant." Tompkins said that when he interviewed Martin on July 29, 2006 "she
confessed.... At the end of the interview, the defendant mentioned to me that
she had received immunity for the murder in exchange for providing information
about her ex-husband."

Martin says the entire interview was a travesty of entrapment.

"I did not remember the beer, nor the car at first," she said. "I didn't want to
talk about this. It wasn't what he said he wanted to question me about. I felt
violated when I went home. Hopeless, sadder than I had ever been. I lost my will
to thrive."

THE RETURN TO SEATTLE

Martin pretty well vanished after she got her immunity deal.

She remarried but later gave up the third husband for a peripatetic lifestyle
selling time-shares and recreational vehicles.

She returned to the Seattle area about 18 months ago and reconnected with her
old friends and daughter Jenny and two grandkids. She picked the wrong time to
come back.

In recent years, Frank Colacurcio, Sr., who is 89, and his 45-year-old son,
Frank, Jr. -- so-called "adult-entertainment industry" kingpins -- have made the
mistake of attracting too much heat.

The Colacurcios became more active politically a few years ago in an effort to
expand their operations and influence.

Since 1988, Seattle has annually approved a moratorium on strip clubs. As a
result, there are only four operating in the city.

But in 2005 that moratorium was struck down as unconstitutional at the same time
the Colacurcios and others were challenging the city's rigid regulatory regime.

The Colacurcios also wanted permission to expand their club, Rick's, and poured
money into several political campaigns to aid the cause. That brought
embarrassing legal scrutiny and charges.

Originally dismissed by a lower court, the Washington state appeal court has
reinstated those illegal-campaign-financing charges against the Colacurcios and
their allies.

The so-called Strippergate scandal has also spurred police to reopen cold files.

Martin is imprisoned and being squeezed by law-enforcement as a result of the
fallout of that civic turmoil.

The Colacurcio family denies it is involved in anything but legitimate business.
But their notoriety extends back more than half a century.

Born in 1917 in Seattle to Italian immigrants, the old man spent 16 months in
prison in 1943 for having sex with an underage girl.

After that, he told an interviewer a few years ago, he and his brothers went
into the vending machine business and eventually personal loans. In 1958, they
opened their first nude dance club.

It was at this time Kennedy's U.S. Senate Rackets Committee subpoenaed him but
Colacurcio didn't testify. Instead, he talked to the young crusader's staff
behind closed doors.

Colacurcio was convicted of assault in 1969 for beating up an informant and he
went down for racketeering in 1971 for his involvement in a widespread gambling
and police corruption scandal that rocked the state. He served 25 months.

In the 1980s he was convicted of federal tax evasion and many of his associates
pleaded guilty to numerous charges. He served two and a half years.

By 1984, law enforcement agencies from across the western U.S. gathered in Las
Vegas to target the family businesses.

Both the father and the son were convicted of tax evasion in 1991, and
Colacurcio, Sr. was handed a second two-and-a-half year stint in the
penitentiary. He got another two years in 1995 for groping a waitress.

The old man was again sentenced to 90 days house arrest in 2005 for fondling a
waitress at Rick's, but that's under appeal.

Neither the father nor the son is implicated in the old killings -- Frank Jr.
was in his teens at the time, and Frank Sr. says he has nothing to hide.

But police are keenly interested in the dad's old associates and rivals.

Going back to the old files has proven surprisingly fruitful.

They arrested a man last year in connection with the November 1975 murder of
strip-club owner Frank (Sharkey) Hinkley and his fiancee, Barbara Rosenfield.
Freed on bail, James B. Braman Jr. apparently killed himself with a drug
overdose, convinced he was marked for death.

Another man, Gary Isaacs, has been picked up for the 1975 killing of restaurant
owner Everett (Fritz) Fretland, who once worked for Colacurcio. He is awaiting
trial.

(Detectives are also re-investigating the murder of a police informant whose
body was found in 1985 after meeting with an associate of Colacurcio.)

And last summer, Det. Tompkins showed up at Martin's door and said he wanted to
discuss some matters connected with her ex-husband. She agreed to accompany him
to the station and that's when her current trouble began.

"It turned into an interrogation," Martin said. "It was pretty ugly. He used
psychologically harsh tactics."

She was upset that Tompkins laid out grisly crime-scene photos showing Grant's
body. He says she then told him about the slaying and the immunity pact.

In his view, it was a confession.

"I signed an agreement 30 years ago and I agreed to tell the truth," Martin
said. "The so-called confession was just an extension of that -- me telling the
police the truth."

A few months later, on Dec. 1, Martin was arrested and charged with first-degree
murder.

"I felt violated," she said. "It was the lowest point of my life. My
constitutional rights have been violated like you wouldn't believe. I wasn't
given a Miranda warning [the right to remain silent]. Their case is full of lies
and perjury. It's just incredible. I have an immunity agreement."

That may not make any difference.

A DISCONNECTED LIFE

In all of my dealings with Martin and in a nine-page letter she recently sent
me, it is evident she craves human bonds.

She is not an educated woman -- the bad spelling in her writing is an indication
of her lack of book learning.

Her emotional immaturity suggests the events of 1978 indelibly marked and
stunted her psyche -- she has few deep, long-standing friendships, no tight
family ties.

In her conversations with me, she spoke of being forced "to live life on the
surface," unable to make profound connections with people because of the shadows
in her past. She talked of one day living a more fulfilling, more connected
life.

"I've just had a very sad and thoughtful moment," she wrote me. "Even though in
my future I will no longer have to surface live, I am afraid that knowledge of
my past will disswayed [sic] someone from having a relationship with me. They
may find me frightning [sic] or maybe think me -- amoral. On the lighter-side, I
only hope I get out to have such worries!"

Martin can come across both as someone who has been around the block and at the
same time someone who is incredibly naive. She reveals herself in anecdotes.
Here is what she told a young inmate scared and searching for guidance:

"I wish I had your problems. I have been charged with Murder 1, if I am found
guilty, I am in prison for life with no chance of parole -- or the death
penalty. You get out May 7th. Do you want to trade places with me? I wish I had
your stress to deal with. Would you like mine?"

Martin added in her letter: "At this her bottom lip started to qiver [sic]."

She continued: "I then walked over to the bookshelf and grabed [sic] a bible. I
came back and sat down accross [sic] from her and sat the bible on the table
with my hand upon it and said, 'Before I came here I blow a lot of people off
when they spoke of religion to me. And I don't want to push it on you -- but --
if it weren't for God I would have gone crazy in here. Really. Reading the bible
brought peace to me. It's been incredible without it I don't know what would
have become of me."

There is little for Martin to do in the detention centre other than focus
obsessively on her case and every legal procedure, manoeuvre or precedent that
might be of use. She would like access to a computer, to a law library, to
resources, to exercise, even. The institution hasn't been able to accommodate
her. And that is frustrating -- "It's maddening being locked-up and not be able
to prepare for ones [sic] defence," she said.

"I've been here since Dec. 1st, 157 days [as of her writing, April 27], but
who's counting?!"

She sent a plea to the local Canadian consulate but all they supplied was a
booklet on prison etiquette full of advice, such as to stay away from illegal
drugs.

If Martin were convicted and sentenced to jail, as a Canadian citizen she can be
repatriated to do her time here. Regardless, her green card is expired, she
said, and she will most likely be deported if released.

Of course, the curiosity is mounting as her case gains more and more attention.

"I found this to be quite amazing. Who knew being charged with a capital offence
with aleged [sic] organized crime connections would reap a respect from fellow
inmates? And then there was the immature girl inmate sitting next to me while at
the jail clinic who after giggling and acting foolish turned to me and said,
'So, you are from Nora-Wes, what are you here for?' 'Murder!' I said. Her eyes
got big and I said -- BOO! And she about jumped out of her chair."

The response she gets most of the time, "Wow, you don't look like the type. You
look like somebody's mom or grandma."

People often think the charge is a result of being "pushed too far" by spousal
abuse, she said.

"I just say, 'sometimes a person makes one wrong choice or makes one wrong turn
and it changes everything forever.'"

SUPPORT ON THE WANE

Pete Galando, a 72-year-old retired mechanic, is one of Martin's last friends.
He visits her every day.

"She is a great mechanic," he said. "I'm just trying to be a good Christian. If
something were to come of that when she gets out, great. But I don't think
she'll get out in my lifetime. If she does, I will be an old, old man."

Galando doesn't know what to make of Martin's immunity deal -- doesn't know
whether he agrees with it or not.

"It's hard to believe she did this," he conceded sadly. "But if she did, she has
to set it right. This guy had three kids. I don't want to tell her she's not
going to get out. That would crush her. But she's going to do at least five
years, I figure, even if they get it knocked down to manslaughter."

Galando is one of the few supporters left.

Martin's 35-year-old daughter Jenny can't visit her mom in jail because she and
her husband are both hobbled by drug habits.

Jenny moved into her mom's trailer after the arrest. But no one paid the trailer
park fees and Galando had to "steal" it back before it was seized for the debt.

Other friends and even Martin's family are reluctant to acknowledge her, given
the predicament, no matter how much they want to help.

Her closest friend, a 62-year-old former strip-o-gram and burlesque performer,
continues to support Martin, but she doesn't want to be identified. They've
known each other for seven or so years but Martin moved to Oregon a few years
after they met, and to California after that.

"I'd hear from her once or twice a year," Martin's pal said.

She was completely flabbergasted when Martin called from jail and told her what
had happened.

"I went, holy mackerel! She hadn't told me about her background before she left
or in the letters and e-mails we exchanged while she was gone. She came back and
then I hear that she and her husband ran massage parlours. I know what massage
parlours are about honey! Here, I thought I was ... the bad girl."

But she added that Martin needs help and that's why she continues to visit: "She
was my friend, she hasn't shown me any reason not to be her friend."

The woman paused.

"I've cut her a lot of slack but that's because I don't think this was an
innocent guy," she confided. "He was involved in the mob I figure."

Martin's family in Vancouver faces a similar dilemma -- wanting to reach out but
numbed by the circumstances.

Sitting in jail awaiting a trial that may not begin until fall or later, Martin
says she celebrates finding the Holy Spirit and the turn her life has taken
towards spirituality.

"It's amazing -- who would have known?" she said. "I've been living on the
surface for 30 years. I don't have to do that any more. I'd like to get out and
restore my reputation in the community."

imulgrew@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: King County Sheriff's Department; Driver's licences from the late 1970s
for Karen Cox, and her alias Jo Anne Doolittle. ;
Photo: (See hardcopy for photo description) ;
Photo: Thomas James Hurst, Seattle Times; The Colacurcios wanted permission to
expand their club, Rick's, and poured money into several political campaigns to
aid the cause. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Frank (Sharkey) Hinkley outside the Lucky
Lady tavern. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Barbara Rosenfield was killed along with
Hinkley in 1975. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Leroy Grant, the man Karen Martin admitted
to killing in 1978. ;
Photo: Ken Lambert, Seattle Times; Frank Colacurcio once jousted with legendary
anti-Mafia crusader Bobby Kennedy's investigators over a gambling-and-sex empire
that sprawled across four states. ;
Photo: Ken Lambert, Seattle Times; The front page of a nine-page letter Martin
sent to columnist Ian Mulgrew. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Crime; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             May 12, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Fighting for her life; Confessed murderer says she was granted immunity from
prosecution for 1978 mob hit on mechanic

BYLINE: Ian Mulgrewcolumnist, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Ian Mulgrew; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 3377  words

DATELINE: KENT, Wash.


KENT, Wash. - Her hair gone grey, her frame saddled with 30 extra pounds from
starchy prison fare, Karen Martin indignantly brandishes a 14-page, hand-written
legal critique.

"This tells you why I shouldn't be in here," she complains. "I was given
immunity."

The 52-year-old Vancouver-born Martin has been imprisoned in a south-Seattle
detention centre since December, when she was arrested for a 30-year-old
contract killing.

Martin was married to the mob back in the 1970s and her past appears to have
caught up with her.

Police say she's been on the lam for more than a quarter century -- the
triggerman in the $10,000-execution of Leroy Grant that was part of an old turf
war in the Seattle underworld.

Back then, the now pudgy, middle-aged woman was a buxom, blue-eyed babe walking
on the wild side.

A cold-blooded killer, investigators allege, who pumped one bullet into the back
of a man's head and two more into his chest to make sure he didn't get up.

A joint unit composed of the King County Sheriff's office, the FBI and city
police has linked the 1978 killing and four other murders to the battle for
supremacy in the Pacific Northwest's netherworld of strip clubs, massage
parlours and prostitution.

It is an ugly, Byzantine tale -- more trailer park than mean streets -- but
still a story that rivals The Sopranos for brutality, salaciousness and
venality. And it ensnares the denizens of the demi-monde as well as the good
burghers of city hall.

"This is all just part of an old vendetta against organized crime," Martin
insists. "They've put my life in incredible danger. They've stirred all this up
for the victims, too. They've wrecked their lives and my life -- all to put an
old man in jail. They want nothing more than to see that old man die in prison."

The old man is 89-year-old Frank Colacurcio, who once jousted with legendary
anti-Mafia crusader Bobby Kennedy's investigators over a gambling-and-sex empire
sprawled across four states. Two decades later, 12 states and the FBI had him
under a microscope.

But he's always drawn short time.

Cops have details wrong

Sitting in a tiny, locked visiting cubicle behind security glass, Martin
vehemently protests the legitimacy of the state's prosecution. Moreover, she
maintains, the cops have a lot of details wrong.

The hit had nothing to do with the Colacurcios, for instance -- others were
involved, she says.

But then, she'd say that anyway at this point.

Martin left Canada with her mother when she was four, although she returned for
a while in her teens.

Inflamed by the passion of the '60s, in 1971 she married Steve Fulwiler, an
American, and quickly bore a daughter.

"I was 16 going on 30," she said.

But married life bored her: "Steve was more authoritative than I wanted. I
didn't need a father figure. I wanted to do things. He didn't have much
ambition, we didn't have much money and I guess I got mad when he came home with
a six-pack instead of a jug of milk."

At 20, Martin was hitchhiking to the welfare office when she was picked up by
Francis Leroy Cox, a.k.a. Frank Cox, Leo Cox, Lee Cox and a host of other
aliases.

"That was his MO, picking up hitchhikers and raping them," she quipped. "I was
too cooperative, I guess."

One thing led to another and that was the end of her first marriage.

She took up with Cox, a pimp, drug dealer and general rounder.

"Lee got involved in two clubs and was making good money," she explained. "I
wanted to do that too. I was ambitious."

She was soon a partner in his sordid lifestyle of massage parlours, marijuana
and small-time scams in the suburban neighbourhoods of working-class homes,
small factories, assembly plants and warehouses of South Puget Sound.

"It was wild times -- smoking pot, listening to rock and roll."

She says Cox had got involved in more lucrative criminal work and she wanted
part of that action.

Although he was imprisoned in Walla Walla at the time, Cox told Martin about the
$10,000 murder contract available on Grant.

Clad in prison-issue pumpkin, Martin is tough, articulate, gregarious,
resourceful and a born saleswoman -- the cops would say, a con.

"I turned my life around," she said. "I was married to a sexual predator and a
psychopath. All I have on my record is a DUI [driving under the influence charge
in California in 2002]. I consider myself part of the collateral damage."

She began to cry.

"I've tried to be a good girl, lead a good life, practise living with
integrity," she said, her voice cracking. "I've lived in my own prison for 30
years. It's hard to have intimacy with this in the closet. These events have
haunted me."

As they would anyone.

On Sunday, Jan. 22, 1978, Leroy Grant was a 36-year-old mechanic who apparently
owed $10,000 to the wrong people.

His wife had died from cancer three months earlier but whoever wanted him killed
had scant sympathy.

His corpse was found dumped off a secluded rural road, his three kids left
orphaned.

Martin went on with her life.

Det. Scott Tompkins, lead investigator on the case for the King County Sheriff's
office, laid out the murder case against Martin in court documents supporting
her indictment.

He said he is still scratching his head over her "organized crime" connections
since she's never named them.

The night he died, the target, Grant, told friends that he had a meeting with a
woman named Linda who wanted him to repair her Corvette.

He left the nearby Cascade Vista Lounge apparently headed for the Dynasty Lounge
in suburban Renton, where his car was later found.

A power-line inspector found Grant's body four days later, on Jan. 26, lying at
the foot of an embankment beside a rural road. He had been shot three times at
close range with a .22-calibre Magnum revolver.

Lying on the opposite side of the road, were six cans of Olympia beer -- two of
them drained.

The initial investigators were never able to find "Linda" and their inquiries
ran into a brick wall.

Unknown to those detectives, however, on Jan. 9, 1979, a year after the killing,
Martin approached federal prosecutors and offered them information about
organized crime in exchange for immunity.

Colacurcio, Sr., was mentioned back then, according to those familiar with the
case.

Former assistant U.S. attorney J. Ronald Sim, now a local criminal defence
lawyer, at the time was conducting a grand jury investigation into Colacurcio
and he gave Martin her deal.

Today, though, he has little memory of the pact. Which isn't surprising.

No use was ever made of Martin's testimony. No one was charged or went to jail
as a result of what she said. She gave up nothing and no one.

Sim was legally bound to keep Martin's statement and her deal confidential,
which is why he did not tell state law enforcement agencies. Yet he also warned
Martin in a letter to her lawyer at the time that her immunity covered only
federal offences and did not extend to state crimes.

Sim said he could only urge state DAs not to prosecute and recommend leniency:
"Of course you understand, although I may be persuasive with some county
prosecutors, my recommendation has no binding effect on them."

The charge document say Martin subsequently admitted she accepted a $10,000
contract to kill Grant -- which is said to have taken prosecutors by surprise.
Unidentified organized crime figures apparently wanted him dead, she apparently
said, because he had money "he was not supposed to have."

Tompkins hasn't figured that out. He can't connect Grant to any organized crime
group that would want him dead.

In the narrative filed with the court, Martin was the "Linda" who rendezvoused
with Grant and drove off with him to supposedly go look at her Corvette,
splitting a six-pack.

Along the way, Martin said she needed to go to the bathroom and Grant pulled
over.

She asked him to stand near her with his back turned.

That's when she shot him in the back of the head, police say.

"She subsequently threw the handgun off the Tacoma Narrows bridge," Tompkins
said. "After shooting the victim she threw the Olympia beer -- two empty cans
and four full ones -- 'over a bank across the street.' She took all the man's
identification and drove his car back to Renton and parked it at the Dynasty
Restaurant." Tompkins said that when he interviewed Martin on July 29 "she
confessed.... At the end of the interview, the defendant mentioned to me that
she had received immunity for the murder in exchange for providing information
about her ex-husband."

Martin says the entire interview was a travesty of entrapment.

"I did not remember the beer, nor the car at first," she said. "I didn't want to
talk about this. It wasn't what he said he wanted to question me about. I felt
violated when I went home. Hopeless, sadder than I had ever been. I lost my will
to thrive."

The return to Seattle

Martin pretty well vanished after she got her immunity deal.

She remarried but later gave up the third husband for a peripatetic lifestyle
selling time-shares and recreational vehicles.

She returned to the Seattle area about 18 months ago and reconnected with her
old friends and daughter Jenny and two grandkids. She picked the wrong time to
come back.

In recent years, Frank Colacurcio, Sr., who is 89, and his 45-year-old son,
Frank, Jr. -- so-called "adult-entertainment industry" kingpins -- have made the
mistake of attracting too much heat.

The Colacurcios became more active politically a few years ago in an effort to
expand their operations and influence.

Since 1988, Seattle has annually approved a moratorium on strip clubs. As a
result, there are only four operating in the city.

But in 2005 that moratorium was struck down as unconstitutional at the same time
the Colacurcios and others were challenging the city's rigid regulatory regime.

The Colacurcios also wanted permission to expand their club, Rick's, and poured
money into several political campaigns to aid the cause. That brought
embarrassing legal scrutiny and charges.

Originally dismissed by a lower court, the Washington state appeal court has
reinstated those illegal-campaign-financing charges against the Colacurcios and
their allies.

The so-called Stippergate scandal has also spurred police to reopen cold files.

Martin is imprisoned and being squeezed by law-enforcement as a result of the
fallout of that civic turmoil.

The Colacurcio family denies it is involved in anything but legitimate business.
But their notoriety extends back more than half a century.

Born in 1917 in Seattle to Italian immigrants, the old man spent 16 months in
prison in 1943 for having sex with an underage girl.

After that, he told an interviewer a few years ago, he and his brothers went
into the vending machine business and eventually personal loans. In 1958, they
opened their first nude dance club.

It was at this time Kennedy's U.S. Senate Rackets Committee subpoenaed him but
Colacurcio didn't testify. Instead, he talked to the young crusader's staff
behind closed doors.

Colacurcio was convicted of assault in 1969 for beating up an informant and he
went down for racketeering in 1971 for his involvement in a widespread gambling
and police corruption scandal that rocked the state. He served 25 months.

In the 1980s, he was convicted of federal tax evasion and many of his associates
pleaded guilty to numerous charges. He served two and a half years.

By 1984, law enforcement agencies from across the western U.S. gathered in Las
Vegas to target the family businesses.

Both the father and the son were convicted of tax evasion in 1991, and
Colacurcio, Sr. was handed a second two-and-a-half year stint in the
penitentiary. He got another two years in 1995 for groping a waitress.

The old man was again sentenced to 90 days house arrest in 2005 for fondling a
waitress at Rick's, but that's under appeal.

Neither the father nor the son is implicated in the old killings -- Frank, Jr.,
was in his teens at the time, and Frank, Sr., says he has nothing to hide.

But police are keenly interested in the dad's old associates and rivals.

Going back to the old files has proven surprisingly fruitful.

They arrested a man last year in connection with the November 1975 murder of
strip-club owner Frank (Sharkey) Hinkley and his fiancee, Barbara Rosenfield.
Freed on bail, James B. Braman Jr., apparently killed himself with a drug
overdose convinced he was marked for death.

Another man, Gary Isaacs. has been picked up for the 1975 killing of restaurant
owner Everett (Fritz) Fretland, who once worked for Colacurcio. He is awaiting
trial.

(Detectives are also re-investigating the murder of a police informant whose
body was found in 1985 after meeting with an associate of Colacurcio.)

And of course, last summer, Det. Tompkins showed up at Martin's door and said he
wanted to discuss some matters connected with her ex-husband. She agreed to
accompany him to the station and that's when her current trouble began.

"It turned into an interrogation," Martin said. "It was pretty ugly. He used
psychologically harsh tactics."

She was upset that Tompkins laid out grisly crime-scene photos showing Grant's
body. He says she then told him about the slaying and the immunity pact.

In his view, it was a confession.

"I signed an agreement 30 years ago and I agreed to tell the truth," Martin
said. "The so-called confession was just an extension of that -- me telling the
police the truth."

A few months later, on Dec. 1, Martin was arrested and charged with first-degree
murder.

"I felt violated," she said. "It was the lowest point of my life. My
constitutional rights have been violated like you wouldn't believe. I wasn't
given a Miranda warning [the right to remain silent]. Their case is full of lies
and perjury. It's just incredible. I have an immunity agreement."

That may not make any difference.

Not an educated woman

In all of my dealings with Martin and in a nine-page letter she recently sent
me, it is evident she craves human bonds.

She is not an educated woman -- the bad spelling in her writing is an indication
of her lack of book learning.

Her emotional maturity suggests the events of 1978 indelibly marked and stunted
her psyche -- she has few deep, long-standing friendships, no tight family ties.

In her conversations with me, she spoke of being forced "to live life on the
surface," unable to make profound connections with people because of the shadows
in her past. She talked of one day living a more fulfilling, more connected
life.

"I've just had a very sad and thoughtful moment," she wrote me. "Even though in
my future I will no longer have to surface live, I am afraid that knowledge of
my past will disswayed [sic] someone from having a relationship with me. They
may find me frightning [sic] or maybe think me -- amoral. On the lighter-side, I
only hope I get out to have such worries!"

Martin can come across both as someone who has been around the block and at the
same time someone who is incredibly naive. She reveals herself in anecdotes.
Here is what she told a young inmate scared and searching for guidance:

"I wish I had your problems. I have been charged with Murder 1, if I am found
guilty, I am in prison for life with no chance of parole -- or the death
penalty. You get out May 7th. Do you want to trade places with me? I wish I had
your stress to deal with. Would you like mine?"

Martin added in her letter: "At this her bottom lip started to qiver [sic]."

She continued: "I then walked over to the bookshelf and grabed [sic] a bible. I
came back and sat down accross [sic] from her and sat the bible on the table
with my hand upon it and said, 'Before I came here I blow a lot of people off
when they spoke of religion to me. And I don't want to push it on you -- but --
if it weren't for God I would have gone crazy in here. Really. Reading the bible
brought peace to me. It's been incredible without it I don't know what would
have become of me."

There is little for Martin to do in the detention centre other than focus
obsessively on her case and every legal procedure, manoeuvre or precedent that
might be of use. She would like access to a computer, to a law library, to
resources, to exercise, even. The institution hasn't been able to accommodate
her. And that is frustrating -- "It's maddening being locked-up and not be able
to prepare for ones [sic] defence," she said.

"I've been here since Dec. 1st, 157 days [as of her writing, April 27], but
who's counting?!"

She sent a plea to the local Canadian consulate but all they supplied was a
booklet on prison etiquette full of advice such as stay away from illegal drugs.

If Martin were convicted and sentenced to jail, as a Canadian citizen she can be
repatriated to do her time here. Regardless, her green card is expired, she
said, and she will most likely be deported if released.

Of course, the curiosity is mounting as her case gains more and more attention.

"I found this to be quite amazing. Who knew being charged with a capital offence
with aleged [sic] organized crime connections would reap a respect from fellow
inmates? And then there was the immature girl inmate sitting next to me while at
the jail clinic who after giggling and acting foolish turned to me and said,
'So, you are from Nora-Wes, what are you here for?' 'Murder!' I said. Her eyes
got big and I said -- BOO! And she about jumped out of her chair."

The response she gets most of the time, "Wow, you don't look like the type. You
look like somebody's mom or grandma."

People think the charge is because of spousal abuse of the result of being
"pushed too far," she said.

"I just say, 'sometimes a person makes one wrong choice or makes one wrong turn
and it changes everything forever.'"

Galando visits every day

Pete Galando, a 72-year-old retired mechanic, is one of Martin's last friends.
He visits her every day.

"She is a great mechanic," he said. "I'm just trying to be a good Christian. If
something were to come of that when she gets out, great. But I don't think
she'll get out in my lifetime. If she does, I will be an old, old man."

Galando doesn't know what to make of Martin's immunity deal -- doesn't know
whether he agrees with it or not.

"It's hard to believe she did this," he conceded sadly. "But if she did, she has
to set it right. This guy had three kids. I don't want to tell her she's not
going to get out. That would crush her. But she's going to do at least five
years I figure even if they get it knocked down to manslaughter."

Galando is one of the few supporters left.

Martin's 35-year-old daughter Jenny can't visit her mom in jail because she and
her husband are both hobbled by drug habits.

Jenny moved into her mom's trailer after the arrest. But no one paid the trailer
park fees and Galando had to "steal" it back before it was seized for the debt.

Other friends and even Martin's family are reluctant to acknowledge her, given
the predicament, no matter how much they want to help.

Her closest friend, a 62-year-old former strip-o-gram and burlesque performer,
continues to support Martin, but she doesn't want to be identified. They've
known each other for seven or so years but Martin moved to Oregon a few years
after they met, and to California after that.

"I'd hear from her once or twice a year," Martin's pal said.

She was completely flabbergasted when Martin called from jail and told her what
had happened.

"I went, holy mackerel! She hadn't told me about her background before she left
or in the letters and e-mails we exchanged while she was gone. She came back and
then I hear that she and her husband ran massage parlours. I know what massage
parlours are about honey! Here, I thought I was ... the bad girl."

But she added that Martin needs help and that's why she continues to visit: "She
was my friend, she hasn't shown me any reason not to be her friend."

The woman paused.

"I've cut her a lot of slack but that's because I don't think this was an
innocent guy," she confided. "He was involved in the mob I figure."

Martin's family in Vancouver faces a similar dilemma -- wanting to reach out but
numbed by the circumstances.

Sitting in jail awaiting a trial that may not begin until fall or later,

Martin says she celebrates finding the Holy Spirit and the turn her life has
taken towards spirituality.

"It's amazing -- who would have known?" she said. "I've been living on the
surface for 30 years. I don't have to do that any more. I'd like to get out and
restore my reputation in the community."

imulgrew@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: King County Sheriff's Department; Driver's licences from the late 1970s
for Karen Cox, and her alias Jo Anne Doolittle. ;
Photo: (See hardcopy for photo description) ;
Photo: Thomas James Hurst, Seattle Times; The Colacurcios wanted permission to
expand Rick's, and poured money into several political campaigns to aid the
cause. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Frank (Sharkey) Hinkley outside the Lucky
Lady Tavern. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Barbara Rosenfield was killed along with
Hinkley in 1975. ;
Photo: Jerry Gay, The Seattle Times; Leroy Grant, the man Karen Martin is
accused of killing in 1978. ;
Photo: Ken Lambert, Seattle Times; Frank Colacurcio once jousted with legendary
anti-Mafia crusader Bobby Kennedy's investigators over a gambling-and-sex empire
that sprawled across four states. ;
Photo: Ken Lambert, Seattle Times; The front page of a nine-page letter Martin
sent to columnist Ian Mulgrew. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Crime; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 28, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

TOUGH QUESTIONING IS AWAITING MEESE

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1290 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 27


When Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d made his startling announcement last
November that profits from the Iran arms sale had been diverted to Nicaraguan
rebels, he drew praise from even longtime detractors.

It appeared that it was Mr. Meese - the President's confidant and political
ally, one of the original California circle of advisers -whose investigation had
exposed the truth behind the worst scandal of the Reagan Presidency.

Yet when Mr. Meese testifies starting Tuesday before the Congressional
committees investigating the Iran-contra affair, he will confront some
legislators who have come to believe that the Attorney General may have taken
part in a clumsy, politically motivated cover-up.

'Fingers Are Being Crossed'

Aides at the Justice Department expect the appearance this week on Capitol Hill
to be the harshest grilling of Mr. Meese's career.

''A lot of fingers are being crossed over here,'' said a department official who
has worked with Mr. Meese for years. ''He knows that he'd better have the right
answers.''

Mr. Meese is sure to face extensive questioning about his involvement, beginning
in at least January 1986, in planning the sale of arms to Iran and his early
legal advice that the information could be kept secret from Congress.

But the more important questions, at least to the Congressional investigators,
will center on Mr. Meese's explanation for a series of blunders in a Justice
Department investigation last fall of the Iran arms sale.

What have been described on Capitol Hill as delay and inattention permitted
Lieut. Col. Oliver L. North and other White House aides to destroy critical
documents and perhaps coordinate the stories they would tell investigators.

Although some legislators defend Mr. Meese, others now see only two options in
describing Mr. Meese's actions last fall: incompetence or venality.

''I tend to believe it was a case of gross incompetence,'' said Senator Warren
B. Rudman, Republican of New Hampshire, the vice chairman of the Senate
investigating committee. ''I guess it's better to be dumb than crooked.''

Angered by the way Colonel North and other witnesses seem to have taken control
of the hearings at times, members of the Congressional committees are expected
to deal harshly with Mr. Meese, who they believe is unpopular with the public.

His voice heavy with sarcasm, Senator Rudman told reporters last week that the
committees were ''going to have a little discussion with the Attorney General.''


Difficult Time for Meese

The appearance on Capitol Hill could not come at a more difficult time for the
Attorney General, who is under investigation by two special prosecutors: one
reviewing the Iran-contra affair, the other studying Mr. Meese's financial ties
to the Wedtech Corporation, a Bronx military contractor involved in bribery
schemes.

At the same time, Mr. Meese is facing increasing dissent within the Justice
Department. Some members of the department's criminal division are privately
saying that the Attorney General should consider stepping down because of his
growing legal problems.

Although Mr. Meese's testimony this week will be under oath, he will appear
without a private lawyer.

A team of Justice Department officials - led by Assistant Attorney General
William Bradford Reynolds, who was instrumental in the much-criticized
fact-finding investigation of the Iran arms sale last November - have spent days
preparing the Attorney General for his testimony.

His Aides Are Hopeful

His closest aides say they are hopeful that the Attorney General will do well.
One department official said that Mr. Meese was good at deflecting embarrassing
questions and that, in dealing with Congress, he ''has always given as good as
he gets.''

''I am confident he will do well,'' said Terry Eastland, Mr. Meese's chief
spokesman. ''If this is nasty, it will be nasty because of the questioners, not
because of the person being questioned.''

Mr. Eastland said the Attorney General would state in his testimony that he
first learned of the Iran arms sales from Colonel North on Jan. 6, 1986, when
the colonel went to the Justice Department with a draft Presidential finding
authorizing the sales.

According to Mr. Eastland, Mr. Meese does not recall the meeting but found a
reference to it on his calendar.

In their questioning, legislators will try to determine if Mr. Meese acted too
much the Presidential friend and adviser, too little the nation's chief
law-enforcement officer.

He will face a series of potentially embarrassing questions about the
investigation, including these:

* Why did he not use longtime criminal prosecutors and the F.B.I.?

* Why, after discovering evidence of a diversion, did he wait three days before
sealing White House files and preventing destruction of important evidence?

* Why, during the investigation, did he fail to ask Vice Adm. John M.
Poindexter, then the national security adviser, whether the President knew about
the diversion?

* During the investigation, what was said during conversations between Mr. Meese
and William J. Casey, who was then Director of Central Intelligence? Why did Mr.
Meese later insist that Mr. Casey had been unaware of the diversion?

Mr. Meese began the inquiry on Nov. 21, after the State Department's legal
adviser, Abraham D. Sofaer, warned that the Central Intelligence Agency was
preparing false testimony for Congress on the Iran arms sale.

Using Political Appointees

Despite indications that officials were ready to perjure themselves about arms
sales that might well have been illegal, Mr. Meese used political appointees in
the investigation instead of experienced prosecutors.

William H. Webster, Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, offered to
assign agents to the investigation, but Mr. Meese said there was no need.

On Nov. 22, Mr. Reynolds discovered a memorandum in National Security Council
files indicating that money from the arms sales was to be funneled to the
Nicaraguan rebels, or contras, a potential violation of Federal law limiting
contra aid.

It was three days, however, before Mr. Meese ordered a criminal investigation
and asked that White House documents be secured. During the delay, Colonel North
has acknowledged, he destroyed stacks of secret documents.

Colonel North has told Congress that he shredded documents as department
investigators looked through files only a few feet away. The investigators have
denied that they knew that any documents were being destroyed.

Mr. Meese interviewed Admiral Poindexter shortly after the memorandum on the
diversion was uncovered, The admiral said he quickly acknowledged that he knew
about the diversion. But during the interview, he said, Mr. Meese never asked
critical questions about the President's involvement, including whether the
President had approved the diversion, or whether Mr. Reagan knew that arms
profits might be funneled to the contras.

In his appearance before Congress, Admiral Poindexter said he never told the
President that he had approved the diversion proposal.

Mr. Meese went to Mr. Casey's home the evening of Nov. 22, only hours after Mr.
Reynolds found the memorandum on the diversion and showed it to the Attorney
General. But according to Mr. Meese's account, he and Mr. Casey did not discuss
the contra diversion.

At a news conference three days later, Mr. Meese insisted that he and Mr. Casey
had no knowledge of the diversion. ''C.I.A. Director Casey, Secretary of State
Shultz, Secretary of Defense Weinberger, myself, the other members of the
N.S.C., none of us knew,'' he said.

Congressional testimony has shown that Mr. Casey did have knowledge of the
diversion and may have directed the effort.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              432 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                November 5, 2003

A very strange land indeed;
The Great Unravelling: From Boom to Bust in Three Short Years by Paul Krugman;
Allen Lane 464pp £ 18.99 (£ 16.99);
The Roaring Nineties by Joseph Stiglitz;
Allen Lane 432pp £ 18.99 (£ 16.99)

BYLINE: Reviewed by Will Hutton

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 698 words



Britain's political class and commentariat just don't get contemporary America.
They don't understand the revolutionary nature of US conservatism and the
profundity of its ambitions.  They don't understand the extraordinary
self-serving venality of corporate America and its Republican allies.  They
don't understand the ruthless pursuit of radical conservative interests and
disregard for all others.  They think, like Tony Blair, that America is having
an eccentric wobble -- and that if George Bush is engaged with, it will sooner
or later be business as usual.

They should read these two books, by two of America's best economists and most
forensic critics, and be disabused.  Paul Krugman states quite baldly a truth
from which many still shrink: today's conservatives are radical revolutionaries
who do not accept the legitimacy of America's current political system and aim
to subvert it.  Their goals are the establishment of an American military
imperium abroad, under American rather than international law, and to minimise
the responsibilities of the rich and corporate America to the common weal at
home.

Consensual mainstream opinion cannot come to terms with the radicalism of the
revolutionaries -- it is too far outside its ambit.  It seems delusional, indeed
almost hysterical, to acknowledge what is really happening.

Krugman sets out the five maxims that must govern reporting in such a context:
don't assume any policy proposals make sense in terms of their stated goals; do
some homework to discover the real goals; don't assume the normal rules of
politics apply; expect a revolutionary power to respond to criticism by
attacking; and don't think there's a limit to a revolutionary power's
objectives.  His columns set out how he follows his own maxims in explaining the
range of Bush's policies since he took office -- from the conduct of economic
policy, to how Bush and his political adviser, Karl Rove, shamelessly exploited
September 11 for partisan ends.

It is a revelatory picture, and it will leave those who don't know America well
shaking their heads in disbelief.  Can it really be true that the regulators of
the media and the securities industry are so completely compromised by their
association with their Republican bosses and the industries they regulate?  How
is it possible that any government at any time could organise tax cuts for the
rich on Bush's scale and present them as a patriotic economic stimulus that only
traitors disagree with?  How do people become this self-serving?  And perhaps
most worrying of all, Krugman shows how the American media have given up on
active scrutiny -- partly because the truth seems so incredible and partly
because a sizeable proportion are owned by Republican interests.

Why has this happened?  Joseph Stiglitz's answer is that the American centre and
left have allowed the right to win the economic argument with a set of market
fundamentalist propositions that are downright wrong -- but which have the
pleasing consequence for conservatives of validating their every prejudice and
allowing them to dress up serving their own interests as promoting the common
good.  It was the confluence of this thinking with the unique circumstances of
the post-cold war 1990s that led to the extraordinary and unsustainable boom.

Appeals to liberty overwhelm arguments for government and fairness, because they
appeal to the gut of middle America and the raw prejudices of working-class
America.  I've been told of country clubs still operating informal bans on
membership of Jews and black people; and in the south and west of the country --
the core of which is the old Confederacy -- deplorable attitudes towards women,
black people and even Darwinian accounts of human evolution lurk just below the
surface.  Market fundamentalism, coupled with calls for liberty, legitimise this
cocktail of prejudice -- and the fall of the Soviet Union gave the whole story
renewed and urgent legitimacy which has not burnt out yet.

The US is a very foreign country; and Stiglitz and Krugman, both East Coast
intellectuals who think like Europeans, have yet to come to terms with just how
foreign it is.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Business as usual . . . Wall Street, New York, with the Merrill
Lynch bull, Lisa Carpenter

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              433 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 19, 1999, Thursday

Frank Peterson's letter to Swiftmud's Monroe A. Coogler

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 881 words



The following is a letter sent on Aug. 13, 1999, from Frank Peterson, chief
legislative aide to state Rep. Nancy Argenziano, to Monroe Coogler, a member of
the governing board of the Southwest Florida Water Management District.

Dear Mr. Coogler:

Wes Stow advised me on 7/19 that you had looked into the case of Nine Island
Cove and SWFWMD and concluded that while the District may have acted with legal
propriety, the result was not exactly just.

And from this I conclude that you may have obtained your legal training from the
same facility as Mark Lapp.

In the last, or penultimate, letter which I sent Peter Hubble - one of ten
letters directed to various agents of the District, inquiring of or explicating
various factual and legal issues, none of which were ever answered - I invited
his inspection of four points. These were distilled from the events to which I
had been subject by the legion of incompetent District bozos, were
incontrovertible without the necessity of legal argument, and any of the points
compelled the conclusion that the District had acted improperly. Doubtlessly,
your review digested this letter also.

You are aware of the knowledgeable citizen's perception of the Governing Board:
that they are essentially mushrooms, kept in the dark and fed s--- by District
bureaucrats. And this perception, of course, is generous in that it infers no
venality to the Governing Board members, just a happy and determined ignorism.
Is this case, or even the more obvious one that the Governing Board structure
fails totally, not made by District actions in the Heard matter? You will recall
that Representative Argenziano inquired of you March 15 whether, in your
opinion, the Governing Board had been adequately informed of the circumstances
in its decision to indemnify Messrs. Lapp and Robinson for the legal
transgression found against them. Or perhaps you do not recall, inasmuch as you
have not replied. So let me fairly put the issue to you: If the Governing Board
was adequately informed and determined that (1) for their persecution of the
Heards, identified by the court's determination that there was no justiciable
issue of law or fact and the imposition of attorney fees against the District
and the District attorneys, individually, the District attorneys should be
excused and (2) that the taxpayers should pay not only for taxpayer funded
District actions against the Heards but also pay for the inexcusable conduct of
District agents, then (3) the Governing Board needs to be replaced by elected
members. If the information/description relied on by the Board and provided then
by, I would assume, counsel was not adequate, and the Board was piloted into a
conclusion or decision which they would not have made with adequate information,
as the conventional wisdom suggests, then the individuals responsible should
have been fired as soon as the dimension of the perfidy was found. For, sir,
there can be no excuse whatsoever for a policy decision of this magnitude being
made by some low-IQ, self-aggrandizing piece of bureaucratic garbage. Review the
message sent by virtue of the District's decision to indemnify: regardless of
the extent of the incompetence, perfidy or ineptness, District shall be
protected and excused.

And that last sentence fairly sets forth my experience with the District, and
the experience of many others. Simply, there is no accountability demanded of
District agents as they effect their fraternity-boys-at-play approach to
carrying out both the statutory charges of the District and their extra-legal
perception of what the law should be. This approach is fueled to effect through
their ability to threaten economic ruination, in compliance demands upon
citizens, frequently without any legally identifiable authority. And the
whimsical demands and decisions of staff is actively supported by District
executives in both the total absence of sanctions, and the smug excuse making
and cover-up undertaken as a matter of course.

My history with the collection of District a--holes it has been my misfortune to
confront - David Sual, Barry Billets, William Seitman, Peter Hubble, Mark
Manual, Mark Lapp, James Robinson, Leonard Bartos, Vojtec Mroz, all, in fact,
with the exception of Charlotte Booth - persuades me that having merely the
facts and the law on your side amount to nothing; that knowing what you are
doing has no value; that scrupulous attention to both the de jure as well as the
de facto is futile.

My experience with SWFWMD cost me my project, my home and, ultimately, my
family. But it has given me an appreciation of the abject inability of reason
and the law to effect control on government gone bad. It has given me an even
greater appreciation that with the failure of reason and law, violence as a
means to effect justice is not only invited, it is justified. And while I may
not have the temerity to pursue that course, no one will applaud more wildly
when, inevitably, some equally f---ed-over bastard does.

I suspect that any concern you express with regard to the operation of the
District is disingenuous; after all, not only is Sonny Vergara your a--hole
buddy, but the back-slapping bonding of the cognitive elite is a force with
adhesion approaching that of the nuclear.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              434 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 18, 1999, Wednesday

Frank Peterson's letter to Swiftmud's Monroe A. Coogler

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 881 words



The following is a letter sent on Aug. 13, 1999, from Frank Peterson, chief
legislative aide to state Rep. Nancy Argenziano, to Monroe Coogler, a member of
the governing board of the Southwest Florida Water Management District.

Dear Mr. Coogler:

Wes Stow advised me on 7/19 that you had looked into the case of Nine Island
Cove and SWFWMD and concluded that while the District may have acted with legal
propriety, the result was not exactly just.

And from this I conclude that you may have obtained your legal training from the
same facility as Mark Lapp.

In the last, or penultimate, letter which I sent Peter Hubble - one of ten
letters directed to various agents of the District, inquiring of or explicating
various factual and legal issues, none of which were ever answered - I invited
his inspection of four points. These were distilled from the events to which I
had been subject by the legion of incompetent District bozos, were
incontrovertible without the necessity of legal argument, and any of the points
compelled the conclusion that the District had acted improperly. Doubtlessly,
your review digested this letter also.

You are aware of the knowledgeable citizen's perception of the Governing Board:
that they are essentially mushrooms, kept in the dark and fed s--- by District
bureaucrats. And this perception, of course, is generous in that it infers no
venality to the Governing Board members, just a happy and determined ignorism.
Is this case, or even the more obvious one that the Governing Board structure
fails totally, not made by District actions in the Heard matter? You will recall
that Representative Argenziano inquired of you March 15 whether, in your
opinion, the Governing Board had been adequately informed of the circumstances
in its decision to indemnify Messrs. Lapp and Robinson for the legal
transgression found against them. Or perhaps you do not recall, inasmuch as you
have not replied. So let me fairly put the issue to you: If the Governing Board
was adequately informed and determined that (1) for their persecution of the
Heards, identified by the court's determination that there was no justiciable
issue of law or fact and the imposition of attorney fees against the District
and the District attorneys, individually, the District attorneys should be
excused and (2) that the taxpayers should pay not only for taxpayer funded
District actions against the Heards but also pay for the inexcusable conduct of
District agents, then (3) the Governing Board needs to be replaced by elected
members. If the information/description relied on by the Board and provided then
by, I would assume, counsel was not adequate, and the Board was piloted into a
conclusion or decision which they would not have made with adequate information,
as the conventional wisdom suggests, then the individuals responsible should
have been fired as soon as the dimension of the perfidy was found. For, sir,
there can be no excuse whatsoever for a policy decision of this magnitude being
made by some low-IQ, self-aggrandizing piece of bureaucratic garbage. Review the
message sent by virtue of the District's decision to indemnify: regardless of
the extent of the incompetence, perfidy or ineptness, District shall be
protected and excused.

And that last sentence fairly sets forth my experience with the District, and
the experience of many others. Simply, there is no accountability demanded of
District agents as they effect their fraternity-boys-at-play approach to
carrying out both the statutory charges of the District and their extra-legal
perception of what the law should be. This approach is fueled to effect through
their ability to threaten economic ruination, in compliance demands upon
citizens, frequently without any legally identifiable authority. And the
whimsical demands and decisions of staff is actively supported by District
executives in both the total absence of sanctions, and the smug excuse making
and cover-up undertaken as a matter of course.

My history with the collection of District a--holes it has been my misfortune to
confront - David Sual, Barry Billets, William Seitman, Peter Hubble, Mark
Manual, Mark Lapp, James Robinson, Leonard Bartos, Vojtec Mroz, all, in fact,
with the exception of Charlotte Booth - persuades me that having merely the
facts and the law on your side amount to nothing; that knowing what you are
doing has no value; that scrupulous attention to both the de jure as well as the
de facto is futile.

My experience with SWFWMD cost me my project, my home and, ultimately, my
family. But it has given me an appreciation of the abject inability of reason
and the law to effect control on government gone bad. It has given me an even
greater appreciation that with the failure of reason and law, violence as a
means to effect justice is not only invited, it is justified. And while I may
not have the temerity to pursue that course, no one will applaud more wildly
when, inevitably, some equally f---ed-over bastard does.

I suspect that any concern you express with regard to the operation of the
District is disingenuous; after all, not only is Sonny Vergara your a--hole
buddy, but the back-slapping bonding of the cognitive elite is a force with
adhesion approaching that of the nuclear.


LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              435 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sunday Herald

                               February 27, 2005

FEAR & LOTHIAN;
LAST TAXI TO SCOTLAND: THE DAY THE LATE HUNTER S THOMPSON ALMOST MADE IT TO THE
EDINBURGH BOOK FESTIVAL;
THE VIEW FROM SCOTLAND

BYLINE: BY ALAN TAYLOR

SECTION: SEVEN DAYS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 803 words



HIGHLIGHT: The late Hunter S Thompson, captured in an illustration by his old
friend and fellow 'merry misfit' Ralph Steadman


IT seemed a good idea at the time. The plan was to invite Hunter S Thomson to
the Edinburgh International Book Festival, whose board I was then on. It was not
a name which had registered on the radar of many of my fellow members.

'Is he Scottish?' asked a crusty gent.

The year was 1987 and the EIBF was in its infancy. What would it take to entice
Hunter out of Colorado?

The bait was Ralph Steadman, who'd known Hunter since 1970 when the pair had
hooked up to cover the Kentucky Derby. It was a meeting of merry misfits.

Their relationship developed over several books and pieces, most notably Fear
And Loathing In Las Vegas, an incontinent account of a drug and alcohol fuelled
trip, for which Ralph did the illustrations.

By the time I came to know Ralph, he was living in Lewes, Kent. He was much
tickled, he said, by an organisation called the Lewes Women Bowls Club. Among
the books he'd illustrated was Treasure Island, bringing out of Stevenson's
evergreen yarn a sense of Victorian venality. Long John Silver looked like a
one-legged Hunter. Edinburgh City Council put on an exhibition of Ralph's
original paintings at the Netherbow and in his honour, had the inaugural
Stevenson Supper. On the menu was toasted cheese washed down by rum. Ralph
addressed a throng of local worthies, reading his speech from what looked like a
roll of toilet paper.

Ralph agreed to woo Hunter on the Book Festival's behalf and a chain of events
was set in motion which would end badly.

Because Ralph had agreed to be his interviewer, Hunter agreed to come, but there
were a few provisos. A suite was booked at the Caledonian Hotel. A round of golf
was arranged at St Andrews. And grouse obligingly agreed to be blown to
smithereens for the sake of art.

"What Hunter really wanted to do, " says Ralph, "was to go to Balmoral. He
really wanted to meet royalty. He was a king himself, of course. The King of
Gonzo."

Within a day of tickets going on sale they were sold out. It was rumoured that
chapters of Hell's Angels had made block bookings. Press interest was phenomenal
and sceptical. Would Hunter, who was famously reclusive, really make the trip?
Already he was beginning to adopt the siege mentality which would lead him to
surround his "writer's compound" at Woody Creek with signs warning: "keep out",
"danger zone" and "guns in constant use". Visitors talked of erratic mood swings
and the consumption of industrial quantities of narcotics and alcohol. Ralph
takes credit for introducing him to whisky. "Glenfiddich, " he remembers.
"Perhaps not the best but not bad."

As the big date grew nearer, Ralph's demands began to feel like blackmail. Some
divas travel with their personal trainers and make-up artists; Hunter would have
needed a pharmacist. His New York publisher, Sonny Mehta, arrived in Edinburgh
especially for the event. Harley-Davidsons growled round Charlotte Square. Men
dressed from head to toe in leather, with beards that had not been cut since
Woodstock, wandered around the Roxburghe Hotel in the hope of catching sight of
their idol.

As did we. "He was always coming, " says Ralph. "He was on his way. He was
always promising." It was like to trying to trace the path of a twister. Jacqui
Graham, publicist for Picador, Hunter's British paperback publisher, kept
calling to find out where the author was. Like Elvis, there were sightings of
him in burger bars and launderettes, places he ought not to be in. He was due to
catch an internal flight from Denver to New York but as we know now he did not
even complete the first leg of his journey.

"He got side-tracked, " says Ralph. "He'd gone up a mountain." We, meanwhile,
were stuck in the New Town with several hundred, ball-bearing-chewing bikers.
What to do? Ralph suggested that he could go on as substitute. And do what
precisely? He offered to deliver his "famous" lecture on Welsh bag-piping. It
was arranged that all the ticket money would be repaid and we went off to the
Oxford Bar and from there to a douce restaurant off Rose Street. In order to
inject the proceedings with a gonzo flavour, Ralph set fire to a T-shirt which,
luckily, he was not wearing at the time. At least I think he did. I may have
been hallucinating. "You probably were, " laughs Ralph.

Hunter's absence was the non-event which put the Edinburgh Book Festival on the
map. No newspaper worthy of the name failed to mention it. Ditto his death,
which Ralph is having difficulty coming to terms with. He knew his friend might
shoot himself. Hemingway wasn't his hero for nothing. "I have always known that
one day I would know this journey, but yesterday I did not know that it would be
today, " says Ralph. One shot to the head did it, the suicide of an expert
marksman. His son, Juan, was in the room next door. He told Ralph:

"It sounded like a book dropping on the floor."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNHER


                      Copyright 2005 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              436 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 5, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

The Collaborators

BYLINE: Richard Harwood

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE D6

LENGTH: 740 words


The long evolution of the American newspaper from political prostitute to
monopolistic public utility has produced within the industry a modern ethos that
emphasizes such intellectual virtues as honesty, fairness and devotion to
"truth." Lying, venality, bigotry and conscious distortion of the news are
generally proscribed.

But the practices of journalism frequently are at odds with its rhetoric; its
ethical principles often prove to be of the situational variety. The principles
of detachment and "impartiality," for example, are constantly at risk in the
relationships that arise between journalists and their sources. Mutual
exploitation is a common result. For the journalist, the payoff may be snippets
of "insider" information or even a major disclosure. For the supplier of these
"leaks" the journalist may be the tool for image enhancement, for the
achievement of a policy objective or for the scuttling of an adversary.

Richard Nixon rose to national prominence in the late 1940s through his labors
on the House Committee on Un-American Activities in pursuit of Alger Hiss and
his ties to the Communist Party. Throughout that investigation, one of Mr.
Nixon's principal tutors, strategists and defenders was Bert Andrews, the
Washington bureau chief of the New York Herald Tribune and a one-time friend of
Mr. Hiss. Needless to say, Mr. Andrews and his newspaper were in command of the
story.

Clark Mollenhoff, a Washington correspondent for the Des Moines Register in the
1950s and '60s closely collaborated with congressional committees in the search
for Truman administration tax scandals and in the exposure of corruption in such
labor unions as the Teamsters. His reputation as an investigator spread far and
wide and earned him many prizes includng the Pulitzer. The political fortunes of
some of his collaborators, Robert Kennedy included, were substantially improved.

These political-journalistic productions retain their popularity and mutual
profitability. The New York Times recently has been involved in a collaboration
with one of the Senate's most partisan exhibitionists, Howard Metzenbaum, the
Ohio Democrat. Together they are generating a bountiful harvest of publicity
from intersecting investigations of a questionable savings and loan transaction.

The orchestrator of the Metzenbaum inquiry, Brian McTigue, has a particular
incentive to succeed. His own reputation was tarnished, and he was dismissed
from his congressional job last year for involvement in the unethical taping of
a committee witness. His employer at the time was the chairman of the House
Energy Committee, Rep. John Dingell (D-Mich.), whose collaborations with
journalists are legendary. The latest involves The Wall Street Journal. The
target is the Northrop Corp., and the subject is not exactly new. The company
has been under investigation for more than a decade for putting defective
guidance devices in cruise missiles.

These practices are commonplace, and The Washington Post is no stranger to them.
They are not corrupt or unethical per se, but invariably they involve situations
in which conflicting interests are present -- those of the hunters and of the
hunted. For the newspaper collaborating with either side, the ethical and
professional problems are obvious. How do defendants, for example, get fair
treatment when the newspaper has a journalistic stake -- perhaps a prize -- in
an outcome favorable to congressional committee prosecutors? Can the public be
confident that the motives, tactics and procedures of these committees and the
evidence itself will be scrutinized with a critical cast of mind? Questions of
this sort are especially pertinent because of the star-chamber nature of many
congressional investigations and because of the political opportunism of many
committee members and their staffs.

There have been times when the behavior of congressional committees was as much
a focus of newspaper interest and concern as the behavior of their quarry. This
was especially true in the McCarthy era, when intellectuals, writers, artists
and journalists were frequent targets of committee investigators.

Today the activities and procedures of Hill committees are non-stories. If they
use or misuse their powers to bully witnesses, smear their reputations unfairly
and otherwise violate their civil liberties, that is an important story. Let us
hope there is someone around prepared to tell it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OMBUDSMAN

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              437 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 31, 1996, Friday

The axe men cometh; Metal is mutating. Metallica are going where no
plank-spanker has been before. Ian Blackaby surveys the road to Riffsville

BYLINE: Ian Blackaby

SECTION: POP; Page  8,

LENGTH: 1418 words


Next Tuesday sees the American release of an album that will send the US retail
trade into a paroxysm of till-ringing ecstasy. The album is by a band whose four
previous albums have clocked up a combined 1,000 weeks on the US charts. When
that same band held a pre-release "playback" of their eponymous 1991 album for
fans in New York, they held it in Madison Square Garden. They've won three
Grammies, sold 50 million records and their last album entered the charts at
Number One on both sides of the Atlantic. If it is possible to have such a thing
as a contemporary equivalent of Led Zeppelin - the all-pervading heavy rock
phenomenon of the Seventies - then this is it. The group is Metallica and they
play something that once upon a time - before Grunge, Seattle and the cultural
rehabilitation of the monster guitar riff - we used to call heavy metal.

Heavy metal has for years been the stuff of popular satire - for that it can
thank Wayne's World, Spinal Tap, the Comic Strip, and traditional urban hipster
contempt for all things you can deem provincial. Yet even within its own
industry, metal is a pariah, sniffed at by record company staff at all levels of
the corporate structure. Indeed, major record labels often leave it to
independent companies, such as Music For Nations and Roadrunner, to do the
majors' development work for them. Meanwhile, the music media harbours an image
of metal that consists, by and large, of Adrian Edmondson in a wig. For both
observers and insiders, metal is the lottery winner of rock, envied for its
wealth and business muscle, derided for its gauche extravagance.

This is in itself ironic for an industry both obsessed with the statistics of
success and rarely embarrassed by its own venality. But music industry insiders
can blush all they like. AC/DC, Def Leppard, Guns N' Roses, Aerosmith, Bon Jovi
and Metallica - these are the names that consistently pack stadia worldwide,
that shift units in platinum-rated quantities, that have lung-bursting career
stamina and have more devilishly good tunes than you can shake a Flying V at.
Moreover, beyond this premier league, there is a growing legion of bands
blurring traditional distinctions, taking much of their influence from the
pre-punk Seventies but who, to a large extent,are what Americans mean when they
use the term 'Alternative'.  Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains, Soundgarden, Smashing
Pumpkins, Therapy?, Nine Inch Nails, The Red Hot Chilli Peppers - they all make
platinum records and moonlight as heralds of the Nineties' western zeitgeist.
Then, on the other side of the hard-rock equation, there's Sepultura and
Pantera, who chart at a level that suggests some kind of renaissance is underway
in metal's creative hard core.

So what has happened to heavy metal? And what is it about the changes in the
musical landscape since 1991 that mean you need no longer be ashamed to find
yourself knee-deep in dry ice with one foot planted squarely on your downstage
monitor?

In seeking a watershed moment, look no further than the opening chords of
Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit". For a band that embraced the punk ethos and
came to deride the growing element of metal fans in their audiences, the
overdriven, fuzzy, mid-tempo chords that lent muscle to "Teen Spirit" 's mewl
came on like a slacker's "Smoke on the Water". Yet the bridging of the divide
between metal and indie began before the dawning of the Seattle scene.

The core of Eighties independent metal acts, from which Metallica sprang, had
developed a genre of speed anthem that owed more to the likes of Black Flag and
the West Coast punk scene than to Iron Maiden. If you listen to the production
work of Steve Albini (Pixies, Nirvana, PJ Harvey), The Chemical Brothers or to
The Prodigy's odd bursts of metallic frenzy, the influence of that now-moribund
"thrash" scene is obvious. Elsewhere - and conversely - ultra-alternative,
slacker groups such as Jane's Addiction and Soundgarden were pulling off the
rare trick of evoking much of Led Zeppelin's magisterial might without blatantly
copying the stop- start riffing that was their trademark. Good old AC/DC may
still threaten to "strap you to the bed and make you rock" but, by and large,
the sex, satan and Tolkien school of songwriting has evolved into something that
shares common swamp with the tortured minds of Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails,
Eddie Vedder (Pearl Jam) or Nirvana's Kurt Cobain himself.

This is a world of self-conscious interior turmoil, in which parent- and
authority-baiting, eco-paranoia, serial killing and Gothic fantasy compete with
the generalised adolescent misery that has always been the heart of indie
pathology.

Yet if there is a commonly voiced disappointment in the industry, then it is the
lack of new British talent of true international class. Roadrunner's Mark
Palmer, home of Sepultura and Machine Head, is blunt. "The British metal press
tends to be very supportive of its own acts," he says, "but most of those acts
are simply not professional enough, and domestic sales of even 60,000 albums
rarely translate into overseas success." East West rock A&R man and former
Kerrang editor Dante Bonutto points less to a lack of quality than the
dominating influence of American hard rock since the early-Eighties. "For the
health of the music it is important to find bands to take the genre forward:
acts that are perceived as cutting edge, have the aura to attract fanatical
audiences and invest in roadwork.  Quite simply, being a good band is more
important than representing a specific genre."

Marketing man Dave Thorne (former clients: Metallica, Bon Jovi) was
instrumental, when looking at new approaches to artist development, in
introducing the direct mail and club promotion techniques common to indie and
dance music. Thorne agrees that there is a lack of professionalism in British
bands but sees equal fault elsewhere. "One of the failings of major labels has
been that they are not in touch with the grass roots audience," he says.
"Everything is motivated by the media and, historically, the A&R community is
media driven."

In that case, this year's Donington should prove to be an acid test for the wave
of musical liberalism currently washing over the hard rock world.  Donington's
main attractions, Kiss and Ozzy Osbourne, are resolutely old school. But with
Metallica, AC/DC and company detained on business elsewhere, this festival may
be remembered more for the heroic welcome accorded to Brazil's Sepultura than
for the breaking of any box-office records.  Indeed, Donington left its
announcement so late that it was rumoured that organisers would pass for the
current year. That an event of this size should be in question attests to the
dwindling number of established mainstream metal bands capable of pulling the
requisite crowds. Equally, and perhaps more significantly, it's a measure of the
fact that many potential Donington attractions, such as Therapy? and
Soundgarden, are now equally coveted by those festival bastions of indie and
alternative rock, Reading and Phoenix.

Much of the pre-release hype surrounding Metallica's Load has focused on the
issue of demographics and shifting audience patterns. For the first time, the
group's US record company is confident of a breakthrough on alternative radio -
the traditional launching pad for the likes of Alanis Morissette and Bush, not
plank-spanking metal acts. This in turn will irritate the traditional rock
stations who have always seen Metallica as their exclusive preserve and fear a
further shunt down the radio format pecking-order as a consequence.

The touring industry has been equally surprised by the band's decision to accept
an invitation to headline Lollapalooza, America's annual multi- artist touring
circus - a kind of Reading on wheels, which has traditionally been a forum for
indie rock and the odd token rap act. What will surprise many people is that
Metallica's first choice of support acts were Black Grape and Oasis. Perhaps
even moreshocking to adepts is the group's new look. The trademark Metallica
non-image, compromising black jeans, black T-shirt and baseball boots, has been
shelved in favour of the Latino lounge- reptile iconography favoured by those
who appear in Tarantino films. Short hair and suits would have spelled
commercial suicide for a metal band in the 1980s. These days it looks less like
an act of cynicism than a simple reflection of the cultural status quo.


LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              438 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 26, 1998, Saturday, THREE STAR EDITION

'MEAN-SPIRITEDNESS' GUIDES IMPEACHMENT PLANS, DEMOCRATS SAY

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 18

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


* They suggest a backlash to GOP actions could help President Bill Clinton's
party in elections.

Democratic leaders said Friday they may make November elections a referendum on
the "mean-spiritedness and venality" of impeachment proceedings against
President Bill Clinton.

"We will be saying Democrats are the party of issues and Republicans are the
party of investigations," said Colorado Gov. Roy Romer, general chairman of the
Democratic National Committee.

Republican National Committee spokesman Cliff May said the impeachment process
should not be politicized. "Republicans and Democrats have to take a deep breath
and think less about how this will play in the next news cycle and more about
how this will read in the history books," May said.

Laying the groundwork for their emerging strategy, Democratic officials are
working to prepare lawmakers for the possibility of party losses in the Nov. 3
midterm elections. They don't want Democratic lawmakers blaming Clinton if the
party loses congressional seats, an increasingly likely scenario.

The president will need the support of Democrats in Congress if he faces an
impeachment vote and trial.

Romer said the party in charge of the White House during the president's sixth
year typically loses about 35 seats. Anything short of that would be a success,
he said.

"People are saying we will make this a referendum on this (impeachment process)
so we have to make sure there's a realistic benchmark," Romer said later in a
hallway interview at a Democratic National Committee conference.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              439 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 18, 2010 Monday
                                 First Edition

movie of the week;
Tuesday January 19

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 432 words


Syriana (2005), Nine, 9.30pm

There is only so much oil left to drive an ever-hungry world. Who gets how much
is anybody's guess but the guessing is governed by astonishing levels of
venality and ruthlessness involving bribery, betrayal, the Middle East and West
Texas, China, Russia and all points between. As the laws of supply and demand
constrict, uncompromising corruption â[#x20ac]" already ferocious â[#x20ac]"
will intensify further. A lot of people will get none while the few who get the
most will enjoy unimaginable wealth.

In the opening scenes, an unnamed Gulf state makes a supply deal with China, in
the process sidelining the powerful Texas corporation Connex. Meanwhile, a
relatively minor player, Killen Oil, signs a potentially lucrative prospecting
protocol with Kazakhstan, prompting Connex to propose a merger. The US Justice
Department isn't entirely rapt.

And that's where the discernible threads of the story shear away from the loom
into about six narrative strands, forming a Gordian knot so dense that the usual
elements of good and bad, right and wrong, melt into a fusion of backstabbing
bastardry. The internecine ugliness is so bewildering and fluid none of the
characters appear to have any more idea of what is really going on than the
viewer. This, however, doesn't detract from the film's power or lucidity.

As ever, the CIA is never far from the pointy end and the elimination of
characters â[#x20ac]" innocent and not-so innocent â[#x20ac]" is part and parcel
of the corporate skirmishing. Appalling foreign policy possibilities enter the
frame and morality, seldom a prime consideration, is practically irrelevant.
"What is a sovereign nation but a collective of greed run by one individual?"
scoffs one player. "But Danny, they're codified by a UN charter!"

The dialogue proceeds to suggest the oil business is legitimised gangsterism on
a global scale. Corruption is government intervention into market efficiencies
in the form of regulation. "Corruption is our protection ... corruption keeps us
safe and warm."

The numbing fact is no one can really understand all of what happens in OPEC,
the CIA, the UAE or Geneva. It seems likely Killen's CEO is buying the oil
supplied to China by emirate sheikhs, shipping it to Kazakhstan and on-selling
it at a higher price to Connex.

This isn't a neat package of problem and solution. Resolution is nowhere in
sight here or in Iraq, where G.W. Bush's vision of a democratic paradise has
shrivelled.

In the end the stark equation remains unchanged. We're running out of oil and
the fight to obtain dwindling supplies can only intensify.

Doug Anderson

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           December 15, 2006, Friday

Page turners: Next

BYLINE: Yvonne Zipp

SECTION: FEATURES, WEEKEND; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 248 words



HIGHLIGHT: Michael Chrichton's latest techno-thriller raises fascinating ethical
questions, but bounces around too much to be enjoyable.


After outraging environmentalists with his last novel, "State of Fear," which
argued that the threat of global warming is essentially nonexistent, Michael
Crichton returns to the realm that cemented his fame: genetic science. Only this
time, instead of using DNA to unleash dinosaurs on the modern world, he's
looking at real-life cloned sheep and glow-in-the-dark bunnies, and wondering
what's "Next."

The answer, at least partly, is Gerard and Dave. The first is a transgenic
African grey parrot who helps kids with their math homework. The other is an
adorable chimp/human hybrid. Unfortunately for readers, Gerard doesn't show up
until page 167; Dave, 183. Before then, Crichton introduces enough genetic
scientists to fill MIT, all of them of varying degrees of venality. In one of
the most engrossing plotlines, University of California, Los Angeles has been
granted "ownership" of a man's cells by the courts. When the man disappears,
lawyers send a bounty hunter after his daughter and grandson to take samples by
force, arguing "eminent domain."

During the course of the techno-thriller, Crichton raises plenty of potentially
fascinating ethical questions. But he's so busy bouncing from character to
character that no individual strand gets wound up in a satisfying way. He seems
to hope that if he keeps moving fast enough, readers may not notice that the
plot doesn't hang together until after they've put down the book. Grade: B-

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 21, 2004 Sunday ADVANCE EDITION

The chancellor and the spy

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan INQUIRER THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. H06

LENGTH: 672 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


In a program note for Democracy, an engrossing drama of a politician of
far-reaching public vision brought down by private blindness, Michael Frayn
defines his goal as considering:

"The complexity of human arrangements and human beings themselves and the
difficulties this creates in both shaping and understanding our actions."

The achievement of Frayn's masterly piece, which has just made its long-awaited
arrival on the stage of the Brooks Atkinson Theatre after a lavishly acclaimed
London run, is to explore those complexities with precision, acuteness of
insight, and evenhanded compassion that make riveting theater.

It would be an admirable feat regardless of a play's time and place. But in
Democracy, Frayn accepts the challenge of bringing to life a period about which
most of us know very little - the entanglements of German politics in the early
'70s. From this arcane and unpromising material he fashions a piece that tells
us much about ourselves.

The recovery of West Germany from the rubble of World War II is usually seen as
an economic miracle. Frayn is drawn to its political components and finds the
perfect vehicle in the career of Willy Brandt, who was elected in 1969 and
forced to resign in 1974 by the scandal that overwhelmed his government.

Brandt's downfall was precipitated by the revelation that Gunter Guillaume, an
indispensable aide with access to the most sensitive information, was an East
German spy. This is terrain amply charted by John Le Carre in his great Cold War
novels, but for Frayn it is a portal into deeper and murkier waters.

Democracy is a consideration of the two men and the subtle interplay of personal
loyalty and betrayal, ranged against a backdrop of backstabbing ambition and
venality among the politicians in Brandt's circle.

In Brandt and Guillaume, Frayn has created the kind of roles that actors
normally find only in their dreams. In writing at this level of stagecraft, even
offhand remarks are charged with ambiguity.

James Naughton conjures in Brandt a politician and a populist of infallible
instincts and a figure who can wow a crowd without making a speech. Yet he is
also a child of the tumult and carnage that overwhelmed the Germany he wants to
repair and set on a new and hopeful course. Beneath the suave facade, Brandt is
torn by insecurity and is sometimes so uncertain that he makes Hamlet seem
decisive. He drinks too much and relieves his depression by tireless womanizing.

Guillaume (Richard Thomas) is, of course, much more than what the rest of the
world assumes. He worms his way into a reluctant Brandt's confidence by being
the faceless and increasingly necessary factotum. No one ever notices he's in
the room, and espionage is easy. "I'm the hat-stand in the corner," he says of
his anonymity.

But, as Thomas' splendid and beautifully calibrated reading stresses, Guillaume
is profoundly conflicted by what he is doing. He is the spy who loves his victim
and craves his good opinion.

Michael Cumpsty is a tower of jaded cynicism as Guillaume's controller, and his
amoral pragmatism is more than matched by the piranhas in Brandt's cabinet.
Robert Prosky is a standout as a master manipulator.

In the play's most brilliant stroke, Democracy unfolds largely from Guillaume's
perspective. The vantage point of the reluctant traitor in the middle gives us
clarity along with the complexity.

Michael Blakemore, a veteran director of Frayn, keeps things at just the right
tempo, and the two-tiered set provides the perfect backdrop to the travails of
divided loyalties, torn men and sundered countries.

When Brandt wins an election and his aides speak bleakly of four more years of
wavering indecision, it gets a big laugh from an audience thinking of President
Bush's second term.

But Democracy has a timeless quality that reminds us that governing humanity is
a fragile business when left to men who cannot rule their own impulses.

Contact theater critic Desmond Ryan at 215-854-5614 or dryan@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Review: Theater

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
DON PERDUE
Richard Thomas (left) plays the spy who brought down Willy Brandt's government;
Michael Cumpsty is his controller.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             January 3, 2010 Sunday

Things tougher on the inside, Gov. Quinn finds

BYLINE: Mike Lawrence Staff Writer

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 680 words


Gov. Patrick Quinn has discovered the pluses and perils of being a principal in
the establishment he spent decades attacking.

His decency, civility, work ethic and sense of public service have provided a
welcome contrast to the narcissism, venality and fecklessness of Rod
Blagojevich. Polls reflect the inclination of Illinoisans, especially fellow
Democrats, to applaud the change. Yet, as he seeks in this crucial election year
to hold the office he assumed last January, his uneven transition from an often
pot-roiling populist to a chief executive who must master, manage and reform
state government has spotlighted troubling traits as well.



Illinois' 41st governor has skillfully employed his incumbency to woo Democratic
primary voters and the Cook County ward lords he regularly castigated while a
rebel seldom without a cause. But now, as the man in charge, he must defend
himself against inconsistencies and administrative breakdowns.

Never has Quinn enjoyed the influence, the visibility and the celebrity that
insider status conveys. Nor has he experienced the responsibility, scrutiny and
accountability it demands.

As the governor breaks ground on job-creating construction projects and garners
labor support for his candidacy, he must explain why he embraced gambling
expansion as a funding source for the capital improvements after scolding
Blagojevich for doing likewise.

As he touts ethics reform and greater transparency, he struggles to justify his
initially hollow, then contradictory responses to the stealthy, premature
release of inmates convicted of violent crimes and drunken driving as part of a
budget-driven, prisoner-pruning initiative supposedly limited to less menacing
ex-offenders.

As he courts young voters by highlighting his role in providing $200 million for
need-based scholarships, he must answer for backing the additional spending
without revenues to support it.

State Comptroller Dan Hynes, who is challenging Quinn for their party's
nomination, has accused the governor of erratic, inept and even disingenuous
helmsmanship. Although much of the Democratic power structure appears to regard
a Quinn triumph as inevitable, Hynes hopes to outduel Quinn in their air war of
January television ads and win the ground war of identifying supporters and
getting them to the polls -- a particularly important factor if the primary
turnout is not robust.

Among other things, Hynes can cite his early and frequent criticism of
Blagojevich's reckless spending and borrowing policies -- although he
temporarily became a whispering watchdog as they both sought re-election in 2006
under the Democratic banner. His prescient warnings of chaos earned the elected
comptroller a public sassing from Blagojevich's appointed budget director, John
Filan, a longtime Quinn pal, who snipped, "If you don't have a solution, then
stick with the responsibilities you have."

Incredibly, Quinn relied on that brazen budget architect for guidance after he
became governor with the promise of a new day in Illinois. But can Hynes,
unproven and untested when it comes to leading a large, multifaceted enterprise,
demonstrate more effective stewardship if he assumes the reins? Can he
compellingly communicate the need for unpleasant fiscal medicine?

Or what about the Republican gubernatorial candidates who have offered a passel
of bromides and a paucity of specifics about how they would deal with a
monstrous deficit? Or Rich Whitney, the Green Party candidate who offers bold
programs without solid evidence he could advance them?

Those seeking the governorship of Illinois have the luxury of advocating
positive change without being required to produce it in real time. If they
actually get the opportunity to govern, it gets excruciatingly harder.

Just ask the suddenly empowered Pat Quinn, who is more burdened and less
judgmental than he was a year ago.

Mike Lawrence retired in 2008 as director of the Paul Simon Public Policy
Institute at Southern Illinois University. He previously served as press
secretary to Gov. Jim Edgar and as a Statehouse journalist for many years.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 18, 2005 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

A dozen nonfiction books that mattered in 2005

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 638 words


Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking

By Malcolm Gladwell

Little, Brown, $25.95, 288p

About: How humans make snap decisions --- all the way from why we vote for the
face instead of the brain to the police killing of unarmed man Amadou Diallo ---
and how we can make those decisions better.

Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story

By Kurt Eichenwald

Broadway, $26, 768p

About: Highly readable account of how Enron managed to hide billions of dollars
in debt until the company finally collapsed under the weight of its own
venality. Comes down hard on CFO Andy Fastow but goes light on Chairman Ken Lay.
Fastow's in the slammer but will testify at Lay's trial next month.

Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything

By Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner

Morrow, $25.95, 256p

About: Fascinating and unexpected, concludes that the legalization of abortion
in the 1970s led to the decline in the crime rate in the 1990s; explains why
real estate agents don't try to get the best price for your house; shows why
street-level dope dealers have to live with their moms.

Mark Twain: A Life

By Ron Powers

Free Press, $35, 722p

About: The man whom Powers calls the "nation's first rock star," a temporarily
wealthy, globetrotting luminary who came to be "the representative figure of his
nation and his century."

Where God Was Born: A Journey by Land to the Roots of Religion

By Bruce Feiler

William Morrow, $26.95, 416p

About: The third book of Feiler's Old Testament exploration. But he doesn't just
write about the Bible. He goes to where the Bible was written. This trip is
based on the second half of the Hebrew Old Testament.

Mao: The Unknown Story

By Jung Chang, Jon Halliday

Knopf, $35, 832p

About: The first sentence sets the tone for the next 831 pages: "Mao Tse-tung,
who for decades held absolute power over the lives of one quarter of the world's
population, was responsible for well over 70 million deaths in peacetime, more
than any other twentieth-century leader."

Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis

By Jimmy Carter

Simon & Schuster, $25, 224p

About: The prolific and pacific Carter turns to morality and politics and
delivers a best seller. Booklist says the book will confirm the views of those
who lionize Carter for his many good works, and of those who find him to be "a
naive, presumptuous meddler."

The FairTax Book: Saying Goodbye to the Income Tax and the IRS

By Neal Boortz and John Linder

Regan, $24.95, 208p

About: The WSB ranter and the Georgia congressman deliver a seductive plan for
ending income taxes (and the IRS) and creating a nationwide sales tax.

My War: Killing Time in Iraq

By Colby Buzzell

Putnam, $25.95, 358p

About: Relentlessly profane and utterly believable. A young slacker in
California joins the Army, having few other choices, and goes to war in Mosul,
Iraq. He becomes a machine gunner who names his weapon "Rosebud," after the sled
in "Citizen Kane" and begins writing a Weblog that the Army can't quite control.

Lincoln's Melancholy: How Depression Challenged a President and Fueled His
Greatness

By Joshua Wolf Shenk

Houghton Mifflin, $25, 350p

About: Clinical depression may be driving millions of Americans to the pharmacy,
but Lincoln's case drove him to become one of our best presidents.

The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-First Century

By Thomas L. Friedman

Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $27.50, 496p

About: The Times columnist, a three-time Pulitzer winner, believes technology
has flattened the world and that economic globalization is the most potent force
in the world today.

1776

By David McCullough

Simon & Schuster, $32, 400p

About: Two-time Pulitzer winner focuses on George Washington and King George III
in his account of the year of American independence. "First-rate historical
account, which should appeal to both scholars and general readers," says
Booklist.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              444 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 29, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

IN BRIEF;
Lawyers Disbarred

BYLINE: By ELSA BRENNER

SECTION: Section 14WC; Page 4; Column 4; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 257 words


Three Westchester lawyers from the Tarrytown firm of Ponzini Spencer & Geis have
been disbarred by a five-judge panel of the Appellate Division of State Supreme
Court in Brooklyn.

The lawyers, Robert Ponzini, Robert Spencer and Thomas Maroney, all lost their
law licenses for mismanaging clients' money from 1988 to 1992, among other
charges, according to the court. The firm is employed by several Westchester
municipalities.

Mr. Ponzini, 52, is also a town justice in Mount Pleasant. The Town Board will
decide whether he will remain as town justice. Meanwhile, another judge is
handling his cases.

Mr. Spencer, 61, who formerly served as Village Attorney in Elmsford and Sleepy
Hollow, is also active in the Democratic Party. Mr. Spencer's lawyer, Louis
Gerstman of Garden City, of the law firm Robert A. Ungar, called the punishments
excessive, because, he said, "No client ever lost any money, and no checks ever
bounced."

Mr. Maroney, 57, left the firm several years ago and now lives in Ashville, N.C.

Mr. Gerstman said his client was considering whether to ask that his case be
reconsidered, explaining that Mr. Spencer was not a partner until 1987, when he
discovered the problems. "Our position is that Mr. Spencer inherited these
problems and then attempted to straighten them out," he said.

The court acknowledged that there was no intentional corruption or venality
involved in the actions of the lawyers. Rather they were disbarred for failing
to insure the integrity of the clients' funds, Mr. Gerstman said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              445 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

'HARLEM TODAY RESEMBLES NOTHING SO MUCH AS FRANCE AFTER THE GREAT WAR'

BYLINE: By David Levering Lewis

SECTION: Section 4; Page 19, Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: STANFORD, Calif.


History reserves a special paradox for great, dead cultures: They survive
largely as resonant place names.  That is Harlem's apotheosis now. Like Lawrence
Durrell's Alexandria, G. W. Cable's New Orleans, and Carl Schorske's Vienna,
Harlem is now acquiring an afterlife more vivid and varied, and more meaningful,
than it had at any time before its slow, sleazy death in the late 1970's. For
vividness and variety, there are the successive Broadway musical hits,
''Bubbling Brown Sugar,'' ''Eubie,'' ''Ain't Misbehavin','' ''Sophisticated
Ladies''; for meaning, there is a lengthening bibliography of scholarly works.

Harlem? Harlems, one should write, for there have always been at least two
coeval, co-mingling, competing Harlems, almost in Augustinian mode: the civitas
of culture, political ferment, and bourgeois values (the Harlem of the New Negro
and of the Renaissance) and the Unheavenly City of proletarian disability,
''primitive'' exhibitionism, and institutionalized venality (Harlem as ''Nigger
Heaven,'' in Carl Van Vechten's phrase, with the segregated Cotton Club of the
20's and the stylish pimp and pusher of the 60's and early 70's as its symbols).

The physical monuments of Harlem's Golden Age, the glorious 20's, are, alas,
fast disappearing; and, unfortunately for the plans of preservationists,
considerations of scale alone would seem to preclude either public or private
benefaction sufficient to turn the city above Central Park into a vast
Williamsburg.

On once shimmering, ostentatious ''Sugar Hill,'' the apartment buildings are
fortified or empty, their canopies and doormen long gone, their lobby tapestries
stolen and vases smashed. The legendary Manhattan Casino (155th Street and 8th
Avenue) crumbles in the chiaroscuro of an elevated highway. The splendid
Stanford White houses along ''Strivers' Row'' (West 138th and 139th streets),
despite telltale fraying, still nobly stand. Some venerable old churches -
Abyssinian Baptist, St. Philip's Episcopal -present proud facades to the public
and declining attendance to their pastors. The Apollo Theater, refurbished but
bankrupt again, the solid, brooding Dunbar Apartments, that Harlem Renaissance
dormitory for virtually every professional, intellectual, and celebrity in
Afro-America, are about all that remain - these and the Lafayette Theater (now a
church). Significantly, Harlem's newest building is the Schomburg Library,
repository of its past.

Even by the early 1940's, the Afro-American poet-novelist Arna Bontemps saw
unmistakable signs of community decay: ''At least one reason for avoiding the
Harlem night streets in 1943 would have been the fear of muggers.'' It was not
just muggers, though. ''No matter what else one might see there,'' Mr. Bontemps
recalled, ''Harlem remained what it had always been in essence: a black ghetto
and slum, a clot in the American bloodstream.''

By the mid-1960's, the game, upbeat bard of Harlem, Langston Hughes, seriously
thought of moving permanently to Paris, having earlier vented his rueful
sentiments in the masterly ''Montage of a Dream Deferred'': ''What happens to a
dream deferred? .../ Maybe it just sags/ like a heavy load./ Or does it
explode?'' Yet even this festering, teeming, carpe diem Harlem crackled with
energy - if only the terminal vitality of a danse macabre. It was a dark,
distorted reflection of that between-the-wars Harlem that had sought an end run
around racial barriers by excelling in belles lettres, highbrow music, and fine
arts.

The reverse Harlem also merchandised dreams, but in a high-tension, anti-society
in which many of its best and brightest trafficked, with self-destructive
ingenuity, in sex and drugs.

Today, the aviary of illicit entrepreneurs and its rows of doubleparked luxury
cars are thinned out. Depopulated - in 1980, down by 114,000 from its 1970
census of 275,000 - inhabited by the very old and the very young surviving on
whatever welfare Reaganomics will leave them, Harlem today resembles nothing so
much as France after the Great War.

If the extinction of what was once the world's largest, most alive urban
community of black people has come about largely because the artists and
intellectuals of the past and the desperate talents of recent times, as well as
thousands of intact, hard-working families, have moved productively into the
American mainstream, then success - bootstrap mobility - ought to gladden our
remembrance of things past. Lenox Avenue, like Hester Street, will have become a
synecdoche for the melting pot, and Harlem's prospective gentrification a benign
chapter in urban America's future.

But what if the ravaged community represents, archetypally, not the past but the
future of much of Afro-America? What if the Harlem poor have merely dispersed to
less moribund but equally doomed places?

Where did Harlem go? Statistics conflict in detail, but, in general, are
depressing. Hope urges that the correct answer is not: to Gary, Newark, and East
St. Louis.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
David Levering Lewis, a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the
Behavioral Sciences, is author of ''When Harlem Was In Vogue.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Harlem in 1925

TYPE: op-ed

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              446 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                            May 20, 2015, Wednesday

ICE CREAM WAR

SECTION: FICTION; Mystery

LENGTH: 338  words


In Janson's (Mal Practice, 2013, etc.) mystery set in small-town Nebraska, an
ice cream shop owner reluctantly assists her business rival when a dead body is
found in his store.This novel is a competent, cozy mystery of the dream-job
genre, in which a sleuth is reluctantly drawn into an investigation when she'd
rather be pursuing her desired career. Here, Mary Burke, who graduated from law
school but never took the bar exam, spends her days trying to sell ice cream in
her small hometown-that is, when she isn't seething over the antics of Jeremiah
"Jerry" Wilson, a Southern California surfer and slacker who's returned to town
to keep an eye on his crazy Aunt May.

Unfortunately, Jerry has also chosen to reopen his ice cream parlor, but he
isn't in it for the money-instead, he gives the stuff away. When one of Jerry's
ex-roommates from Huntington Beach, California-the decidedly unsavory
Angie-turns up dead in his store, Mary can't help putting her legal mind to work
to help the hapless man out of his fix. The predictable conflict between Midwest
small-town values and the presumed sex-drugs-and-rock 'n' roll lifestyle of Left
Coast denizens is played for laughs; Jerry's apparent stoner vibe, for example,
turns out to be more Zen than zonked, and when he talks about selling grass, he
actually means sod. However, his blissed-out naïveté can wear thin after a
while. There's some effective nastiness afoot, however, regarding roomies that
Jerry tried, and failed, to pull out of destructive lifestyles, and the
Nebraskans who hide venality under a wholesome facade. Underneath the high
jinks, though, this is a mystery that plays fair and relies on the accumulation
and analysis of evidence-rather than characters running around frantically until
the solution falls into their lap, as is too often the case in mysteries of this
ilk.A light tale that will appeal to fans of the cozy mystery genre.

Publication Date: 2014-10-09

Publisher: JM Publishing

Stage: Indie

ISBN: 978-0990742401

Price: $15.00

Author: Janson, Paul

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2015 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Belts and Suspenders

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 439 words


A grand jury that spent a year studying what to do about fraud and waste in
Suffolk County school districts has offered a suggestion. It's similar to what
Chief Brody told Captain Quint in ''Jaws'' the first time he saw the monster
shark.

''You're gonna need a bigger boat,'' he said.

The grand jury, convened by the Suffolk district attorney, Thomas Spota,
concluded that the danger of theft, cronyism, incompetence, conflicts of
interest and other forms of mismanagement and venality in the public schools was
so huge that an entirely new state agency should be formed to keep districts on
the straight and narrow.

The 345-page report released by the grand jury last week did not indict the
entire system when it recommended establishing an inspector general for
education. It noted that most school officials are honest and competent, and
that Long Island public schools are among the best in the state.

But it said that school funds are such a large -- and often unguarded -- part of
people's tax bills that a special effort is needed to curb the temptation for
the inept and rotten few. The state comptroller's office can swoop into
districts with audits, as it has been doing for every district in the state
since the Roslyn scandal broke. But the report said that staff was stretched
thin and lacked the resources to make sure chastened school administrators
follow through on its recommendations. An independent inspector general, with
the power to conduct investigations and subpoena school boards and vendors,
would plug that oversight gap, issuing regular reports to the governor, local
officials and -- perhaps most important -- the public.

A spokesman for the state comptroller, Alan Hevesi, warmed to the idea. A
spokesman for the New York State School Boards Association dismissed it as
redundant, akin to wearing both a belt and suspenders. But the audacity of the
recent outbreaks of school thievery and shoddy management -- $11 million gone in
Roslyn, $1.5 million in the William Floyd district, misspent and missing dollars
elsewhere -- suggest that the current system is not working. The lapses in
accountability have taken a harsh toll in public confidence, increasing
taxpayers' hostility to otherwise worthy school budgets and fostering an
unhealthy mix of anger and apathy.

For the sake of robustness and transparency in public education, the State
Legislature should look closely at the recommendations coming out of Suffolk
County. It should be willing to outfit the school system in belts and suspenders
-- and Velcro and duct tape, too -- if that is what it takes for it to keep the
public's confidence.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              448 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Portrait of an unwilling patriot;
America's Revolution was never as simple as patriots v loyalists, as the story
of a great colonial artist shows, says David Aaronovitch Book of the week

BYLINE: David Aaronovitch

SECTION: SATURDAY REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1217 words


A Revolution in Color: The World of John Singleton Copley

by Jane Kamensky

Norton, 544pp; £26.99

When I first went to Boston, Massachusetts, I stayed in a hotel called the
Copley Plaza just off Copley Square. I didn't ask (as you don't) who this Copley
was to have such places named after him. The answer would have been that John
Singleton Copley was a celebrated American artist from the era of the War of
Independence, an early hero of the young United States.

However, Copley never lived in an independent America. Two years before the
Declaration of Independence in 1776 he set sail for London and didn't return. By
the time he died in 1815, the year of Waterloo, he had lived more than half his
life in England.

Jane Kamensky is a professor of history at Harvard, teaching a few miles from
where Copley was born in 1738, the boy's first home being at Long Wharf on the
Boston docks, which was, in Kamensky's words, "an arm of land that jutted into
the harbor, as if reaching for London thousands of miles across the ocean". The
pull of England and the Old World, and his rootedness in the artistically
isolated New World, were to define Copley as it did that hugely neglected group
of Americans who were ambivalent about separation.

Copley as boy and young man was part of the artisanal class in a colonial city
that numbered 17,000 - a population roughly the size of Dorking or Nantwich. He
had early talent in drawing and engraving married to a capacity for hard work
and application. There was a small yet expanding market for art, but difficulty
in obtaining the materials for painting so freely available in Europe. From the
first he laboured to succeed financially while excelling in esteem. By his early
to mid-twenties he had become a large fish in a tiny pool.

Money came from commissions and Copley seems to have painted a good proportion
of the Boston bourgeoisie by the time he was 30. "In portraiture," Kamensky
observes with characteristic brilliance, "the painter's venality answered the
sitter's vanity." Although Kamensky is ostensibly describing the critics'
attitude to artistic piece-work, she appears to share some criticism of the
intrusion of economics into the world of art. I think this represents a slight
failure of imagination about an era before photography where, without painting
or sculpture, nothing would remain of the subject after his or her fading.

So there the young Copley was in Boston, painting portraits of tycoons and their
wives, British military officers and the occasional fellow artisan - such as the
silversmith-patriot Paul Revere, whose picture is one of the most famous in the
independence canon. Meanwhile, letters and news came from London (a "writhing,
reeking stew of humanity" that nevertheless had "burst forth as an artistic
capital") of how some American painters, such as Benjamin West, were cutting a
dash in the greater society.

They had even started up an exhibition of New World artists and invited Copley
to send an entry. He obliged with a study of his younger half-brother entitled A
Boy with a Flying Squirrel, which was accounted a great success when it was
shown in London in 1766. From then on he would receive advice from friends and
others to sail to Europe and see what the continent had to offer.

Copley took his time, being, in Kamensky's words, "a cautious man in a rash
age". This is one of many of Kamensky's fruity and paradoxical epigrams, which
may not be to the taste of all readers, but are certainly to mine. So, for
example, Copley is also "a spiky, anxious man; raised poor in a spiky, anxious
place, he neither possessed nor bestowed ease". Or, on the lack of truth to be
found in portraiture, "the easel is not a mirror, much less a therapist's
couch".

Copley was succeeding in Boston, buying property, marrying well (in affection
and in money), but dominating Boston life was the question of the relationship
between the colony and the mother country. This was always a matter of extreme
ambivalence. Only 14 years before the Boston Tea Party, the city had celebrated
the victory of the British forces over the French at Quebec in 1759. The feats
of red-clad British soldiers were celebrated by Boston poets and in London West
painted the famous depiction of General Wolfe's death during the battle. The
question of how much the colonists would pay for their own defence and how this
would be decided became the issue on which the union would founder.

Boston society split. Men such as Revere became increasingly impatient of
British rule and intolerant of those who did not fully share their views. Copley
had by now married into loyalism. By November 1773 he found himself the public
intermediary between the "Patriots", as represented by one set of men he had
painted, and their foes, the Loyalist merchants, who represented another set of
men he had painted. Then Boston Harbour became a gigantic cold teapot, and the
next summer Copley departed for Europe, leaving his wife and children behind,
pledged to join him later.

As the American crisis deepened Copley undertook a grand tour of Europe in the
company of a dyspeptic and jealous companion called George Carter. Carter's
letters are an evisceration of Copley's conceits. As Kamensky puts it, "a once
poor boy from a plainspoken place, Copley performed both dominance and obeisance
poorly. By turns ingratiating and imperious, he kissed up and kicked down." I
have met people exactly like this and yet again I commend Kamensky's skill as a
writer. Even if you had little interest in such a man as Copley, this is a
deeply enjoyable book.

In Rome Kamensky's flawed hero got the news of the first hostilities in the
American War of Independence and called it correctly from the first. "It seems a
very evident thing to me," he wrote, "that they will have the power of
resistance till grown strong to conquer and Victory & Independence will go hand
in hand."

Kamensky counsels against viewing the war as "peopled by Patriots and Tories,
victors and villains, right and wrong. Such tales are ultimately flat: morality
plays etched in black and white." Just as in any civil war, allegiances shifted
and "like Copley, most 'Americans' were both military and ideological
noncombatants when the war came: many deemed it best to...forswear arms and
pledges, to keep [their] own counsel, to wait and see how it all came out".
Copley did not return to America. He painted portraits and ever-huger heroic
battle scenes, obsequiously seeking royal commissions and contending in vain for
the leadership of the Royal Academy. His family joined him and for a while he
was immensely successful, sometimes more with the public than with the critics.

There is no Copley Square in London and few in Britain have heard of him. His
son, however, visited the US, met George Washington and in 1827, as Lord
Lyndhurst, became lord chancellor of Great Britain; Copley's daughter, Betsy,
lived a long and prosperous life, much of it in the same Boston where her father
had been born.

This leads Kamensky to confer an elegant epitaph on the artist. The pictures of
his old age might have been rubbish, she writes, but "helping [their children]
climb their respective mountains was the Copley family's transcendent late
work".

His Revere portrait is one of the most famous in the independence canon

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: patriot frames The Death of Major Peirson depicts the French invasion
of Jersey in 1781. Below: a portrait of Paul Revere. Both paintings by John
Singleton Copley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Portrait of an unwilling patriot;
America's Revolution was never as simple as patriots v loyalists, as the story
of a great colonial artist shows, says David Aaronovitch Book of the week

BYLINE: David Aaronovitch

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 1218 words


A Revolution in Color: The World of John Singleton Copley by Jane Kamensky
Norton, 544pp; £26.99 When I first went to Boston, Massachusetts, I stayed in a
hotel called the Copley Plaza just off Copley Square. I didn't ask (as you
don't) who this Copley was to have such places named after him. The answer would
have been that John Singleton Copley was a celebrated American artist from the
era of the War of Independence, an early hero of the young United States.

However, Copley never lived in an independent America. Two years before the
Declaration of Independence in 1776 he set sail for London and didn't return. By
the time he died in 1815, the year of Waterloo, he had lived more than half his
life in England.

Jane Kamensky is a professor of history at Harvard, teaching a few miles from
where Copley was born in 1738, the boy's first home being at Long Wharf on the
Boston docks, which was, in Kamensky's words, "an arm of land that jutted into
the harbor, as if reaching for London thousands of miles across the ocean". The
pull of England and the Old World, and his rootedness in the artistically
isolated New World, were to define Copley as it did that hugely neglected group
of Americans who were ambivalent about separation.

Copley as boy and young man was part of the artisanal class in a colonial city
that numbered 17,000 - a population roughly the size of Dorking or Nantwich. He
had early talent in drawing and engraving married to a capacity for hard work
and application. There was a small yet expanding market for art, but difficulty
in obtaining the materials for painting so freely available in Europe. From the
first he laboured to succeed financially while excelling in esteem. By his early
to mid-twenties he had become a large fish in a tiny pool.

Money came from commissions and Copley seems to have painted a good proportion
of the Boston bourgeoisie by the time he was 30. "In portraiture," Kamensky
observes with characteristic brilliance, "the painter's venality answered the
sitter's vanity." Although Kamensky is ostensibly describing the critics'
attitude to artistic piece-work, she appears to share some criticism of the
intrusion of economics into the world of art. I think this represents a slight
failure of imagination about an era before photography where, without painting
or sculpture, nothing would remain of the subject after his or her fading.

So there the young Copley was in Boston, painting portraits of tycoons and their
wives, British military officers and the occasional fellow artisan - such as the
silversmith-patriot Paul Revere, whose picture is one of the most famous in the
independence canon. Meanwhile, letters and news came from London (a "writhing,
reeking stew of humanity" that nevertheless had "burst forth as an artistic
capital") of how some American painters, such as Benjamin West, were cutting a
dash in the greater society.

They had even started up an exhibition of New World artists and invited Copley
to send an entry. He obliged with a study of his younger half-brother entitled A
Boy with a Flying Squirrel, which was accounted a great success when it was
shown in London in 1766. From then on he would receive advice from friends and
others to sail to Europe and see what the continent had to offer.

Copley took his time, being, in Kamensky's words, "a cautious man in a rash
age". This is one of many of Kamensky's fruity and paradoxical epigrams, which
may not be to the taste of all readers, but are certainly to mine. So, for
example, Copley is also "a spiky, anxious man; raised poor in a spiky, anxious
place, he neither possessed nor bestowed ease". Or, on the lack of truth to be
found in portraiture, "the easel is not a mirror, much less a therapist's
couch".

Copley was succeeding in Boston, buying property, marrying well (in affection
and in money), but dominating Boston life was the question of the relationship
between the colony and the mother country. This was always a matter of extreme
ambivalence. Only 14 years before the Boston Tea Party, the city had celebrated
the victory of the British forces over the French at Quebec in 1759. The feats
of red-clad British soldiers were celebrated by Boston poets and in London West
painted the famous depiction of General Wolfe's death during the battle. The
question of how much the colonists would pay for their own defence and how this
would be decided became the issue on which the union would founder.

Boston society split. Men such as Revere became increasingly impatient of
British rule and intolerant of those who did not fully share their views. Copley
had by now married into loyalism. By November 1773 he found himself the public
intermediary between the "Patriots", as represented by one set of men he had
painted, and their foes, the Loyalist merchants, who represented another set of
men he had painted. Then Boston Harbour became a gigantic cold teapot, and the
next summer Copley departed for Europe, leaving his wife and children behind,
pledged to join him later.

As the American crisis deepened Copley undertook a grand tour of Europe in the
company of a dyspeptic and jealous companion called George Carter. Carter's
letters are an evisceration of Copley's conceits. As Kamensky puts it, "a once
poor boy from a plainspoken place, Copley performed both dominance and obeisance
poorly. By turns ingratiating and imperious, he kissed up and kicked down." I
have met people exactly like this and yet again I commend Kamensky's skill as a
writer. Even if you had little interest in such a man as Copley, this is a
deeply enjoyable book.

In Rome Kamensky's flawed hero got the news of the first hostilities in the
American War of Independence and called it correctly from the first. "It seems a
very evident thing to me," he wrote, "that they will have the power of
resistance till grown strong to conquer and Victory & Independence will go hand
in hand."

Kamensky counsels against viewing the war as "peopled by Patriots and Tories,
victors and villains, right and wrong. Such tales are ultimately flat: morality
plays etched in black and white." Just as in any civil war, allegiances shifted
and "like Copley, most 'Americans' were both military and ideological
noncombatants when the war came: many deemed it best to...forswear arms and
pledges, to keep [their] own counsel, to wait and see how it all came out".
Copley did not return to America. He painted portraits and ever-huger heroic
battle scenes, obsequiously seeking royal commissions and contending in vain for
the leadership of the Royal Academy. His family joined him and for a while he
was immensely successful, sometimes more with the public than with the critics.

There is no Copley Square in London and few in Britain have heard of him. His
son, however, visited the US, met George Washington and in 1827, as Lord
Lyndhurst, became lord chancellor of Great Britain; Copley's daughter, Betsy,
lived a long and prosperous life, much of it in the same Boston where her father
had been born.

This leads Kamensky to confer an elegant epitaph on the artist. The pictures of
his old age might have been rubbish, she writes, but "helping [their children]
climb their respective mountains was the Copley family's transcendent late
work".

His Revere portrait is one of the most famous in the independence canon

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: patriot frames The Death of Major Peirson depicts the French invasion
of Jersey in 1781. Below: a portrait of Paul Revere. Both paintings by John
Singleton Copley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            October 20, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Manhunt in Manhattan;
A riveting tale of slaves on the run in New York heads Nick Rennison's round-up
of historical novels

SECTION: CULTURE;FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 620 words


Previously known only for a Sherlock Holmes pastiche, Lyndsay Faye produced one
of the liveliest historical crime novels of 2012 in The Gods of Gotham, set on
the meaner streets of 1840s New York. Its sequel, Seven for a Secret (Headline
£13.99/ebook £6.99), has the same linguistic panache and narrative drive as its
predecessor. Timothy Wilde, founding member of the city's fledgling police
force, is dragged into a web of deceit and danger when he is approached by a
woman who has lost her son and sister to "blackbirders", slave-catchers with a
right to roam New York in search of runaways from the Southern states. He
enlists the help of his rakish, morphine-addicted brother, a politician who
thrives amid the venality of the city's government, and they struggle to save
the family from transportation into slavery. Faye's vivid re-creation of
19th-century New York's melting pot provides the setting for a story that twists
towards unexpected conclusions.

Equally serpentine and surprising in its plotting, Neil Spring's The Ghost
Hunters (Quercus £7.99/ebook £7.99) resurrects the real-life figure of Harry
Price, a psychic investigator from the inter-war years, who made Borley Rectory
in Essex briefly famous as "the most haunted house in England". Spring tells his
clever tale in the voice of the fictional Sarah Grey, Price's assistant, who is
obsessed by the charismatic ghost-hunter and slowly unearths the truth lurking
beneath the lies he has told about his life and work, before learning to her
cost that, as the book's epigraph states, "Of all ghosts, the ghosts of our old
loves are the worst."

A character, like Harry Price, with an urge to reinvent the past is at the heart
of Laurie Graham's The Liar's Daughter (Quercus £16.99/ebook £10.99). Nan
Prunty's mother tells her daughter not only that she fought in the Battle of
Trafalgar but also that she was the onboard lover of Lord Nelson, who became the
girl's father. As she grows up, Nan is shaped by her quest to investigate her
supposedly Nelsonian roots. This is a likeable, amusing novel but its premise
begins to flag as Nan reaches middle age with a daughter of her own, and
Graham's attempt to revive the story by dispatching both women as nurses to the
Crimea doesn't entirely work.

Bernard Cornwell is always in full command of his material and The Pagan Lord
(HarperCollins £20/ebook £13.39), the seventh of his Saxon series, demonstrates
his unobtrusive skills as a novelist. Uhtred of Bebbanburg, once Alfred the
Great's most potent warrior, is growing old. With Alfred dead, Uhtred is forced
into exile, makes an ill-judged attempt to recapture his ancestral castle, then
returns to England to tempt a Danish army into a battle that will decide the
fate of the country. Cornwell provides his usual pleasures of a strong
narrative, vigorous action and striking characterisation.

Like some of his characters, he remains king of the territory he has staked out
as his own.

One of the most talented pretenders to Cornwell's throne is Conn Iggulden, who
begins a new series, set in the medieval period, with Wars of the Roses:
Stormbird (Michael Joseph £18.99/ ebook £18.99). Real historical figures (the
ineffectual Henry VI and his queen, Margaret of Anjou) share the page with his
own inventions - a devious spymaster working on Henry's behalf, a former archer
who joins Jack Cade's peasant rebellion. Iggulden writes with his customary
fluency but, as the action meanders across France and southeast England,
culminating in Cade's 1450 attack on London, he seems to be in search of a plot
he never finds. Future volumes may prove more satisfying.

Available at Bookshop prices (inc p&p) on 0845 271 2135 and
www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/bookshop

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Panache': Lindsay Faye reanimates a menacing 19th-century New York
GABRIEL LEHNER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Arts & Book Review

                                November 6, 2009
                                 First Edition

FILM CHOICE

BYLINE: Laurence Phelan

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 256 words


Invasion of the Body Snatchers

12.50PM CHANNEL 4

(Don Siegel, 1956) The archetypal Fifties "reds-under-the-bed" paranoid horror -
a low-budget B-movie about a small-town doctor (Kevin McCarthy) who realises
that alien pod-people are invading the world by stealth - has had three official
remakes but not been bettered.

Badlands

6.20PM SKY MOVIES MODERN GREATS

(Terrence Malick, 1973) Terrence Malick's debut is the non plus ultra of
young-lovers-on-the-run films. Martin Sheen (above) stars as a binman with
pretensions to being James Dean, and Sissy Spacek as the affectless,
impressionable teenage girl who tags along during his killing spree across 1950s
South Dakota and Montana.

Street Kings

7PM SKY MOVIES ACTION/THRILLER

(David Ayer, 2008) In every James Ellroy story there is the character of an LA
cop who shoots first and asks questions later; a dumb weapon employed by other
smarter and more corrupt cops in the ongoing battle against a rising tide of
criminality and venality. In this hard-hitting but predictable thriller, he's
played by Keanu Reeves, who fits the role well.

The Witches of Eastwick

10.35PM ITV1

(George Miller, 1987) Michelle Pfeiffer, Susan Sarandon and Cher play bored New
England divorcees who should have been more careful what they wished for when
they conjured devilish Jack Nicholson into their lives. Adapted from John
Updike's battle-of-the-sexes comedy, this effects-filled fantasy does spiral out
of control, but is a whole lot of fun thanks to Nicholson's wildly over-the-top
turn.

l.phelan@independent.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TR


                      Copyright 2009 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 20, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

Hardcovers in Brief

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X13; HARDCOVERS IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 763 words


NONFICTION

The Lost Museum: The Nazi Conspiracy to Steal the World's Greatest Works of Art,
by Hector Feliciano (Basic, $ 27.50). A journalist long resident in Paris,
Feliciano organizes his study of the Nazi looting of European art by focusing on
five French-Jewish families: the Rothschilds, the Paul Rosenbergs, the
Bernheim-Jeunes, the David-Weills, and the Schlosses. His aim is to follow the
fortunes (or misfortunes) of these collections, as great paintings were
confiscated, sent to the Jeu de Paume museum in Paris, and then exported to
various destinations inside the Third Reich. To research his book Feliciano
spent many years in French archives, and in his text -- first published in
France and now updated for its American edition -- he shows the venality and
ruthlessness of the art world during World War II and its aftermath.

Booknotes: America's Finest Authors on Reading, Writing, and the Power of Ideas,
by Brian Lamb (Times Books, $ 25). Hemingway created "the 'grand style of our
epoch'," says Albert Murray -- and then proceeds to explain what might appear on
the surface to be a misnomer. "A grand style is not a big style -- it doesn't
mean grandiose. It means the style or the method of stylizing experience which
seems most natural to a given culture at a given time. . . . When you [take] a
manuscript into any editor . . . he edits it with Hemingway glasses. He cuts out
the extra adjectives, back down to where it swings and where it's highly
evocative." Murray is among the hundred or so guests on the author's C-SPAN show
whose remarks have been preserved in this book. Other quotables include Norman
Mailer, John Keegan, Robert A. Caro, Simon Schama -- the list goes on and on.
Here, for example, is Margaret Thatcher on the blending of the personal and the
political: "My publisher did say, 'Look, try to put in personal recollections
because that makes it human.' But you don't need urging to do that, because so
many of the things occur because you either get on very well with someone or
you've had a breakthrough in negotiations or you've had a difficulty or a
problem. This is the very stuff of politics."

The Least of these My Brethren: A Doctor's Story of Hope and Miracles on an
Inner-City AIDS Ward, by Daniel J. Baxter, M.D. (Harmony, $ 24). In the preface
Daniel J. Baxter proclaims that his medical care of the patients at the Spellman
Center, St. Clare's AIDS service in New York, is "the best job I've ever had in
my nearly twenty years of being a doctor." Clearly a man of immense sympathy and
spiritual strength, Baxter here writes not only about the dying but also about
the various ways that people confront death; as he says "we are all ultimately
HIV-positive in this cumbersome experience called life." This book makes for
powerful reading, as Baxter describes in detail the medical condition of
patients, their treatment and their psychological ups and downs. For all the
trauma he evokes, he nevertheless forcefully reminds us that an AIDS ward is a
"crucible of despair and hope." Some of the stories, such as "The Death of
Stephen Y.," possess a Tolstoyan power: As the 30-year-old gay Stephen hangs on
to life, he refuses to die until his parents visit; when they do, the father,
Bible in hand at the bedside, rants and rages that his AIDS-stricken son is
"doing reparation" for his sinfulness. A week and a day later Stephen Y. dies,
his radio tuned, as usual, to a station playing classical music.

My American Century, by Studs Terkel (New Press, $ 25). That genius among
interviewers Studs Terkel has gathered here some of "the faces in the crowd that
have most attracted me during my searchings," from such earlier books as Hard
Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression,, Working and "The Good War": An
Oral History of World War II. Among the interviewees is Peggy Terry, who worked
at a shell-loading plant during World War II: "Tetryl was one of the ingredients
and it turned us orange. Just as orange as an orange. Our hair was streaked
orange. Our hands, our face, our neck just turned orange, even our eyeballs. We
never questioned. . . . The only thing we worried about was other women thinking
we had dyed our hair. Back then it was a disgrace if you dyed your hair. We
worried what people would say." The book closes with an interview with
environmental elder statesman David Brower, who is now nearing his 80th
birthday: "Think what's stored in an eighty- or ninety-year-old mind. Just
marvel at it. Think of these visual images stored in your head -- your own
videotapes."


LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [h, "The Astronomer," by Jan Vermeer (1668), which now hangs in the
Louvre Museum in Paris, was seized from the home of Edouard de Rothchild by the
Nazis in 1940 and briefly became part of Adolf Hitler's private collection

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              453 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday

A shakedown or a welcome initiative to attract visitors?

BYLINE: HARRY McGEE

SECTION: IRELAND; Other stories; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 513 words


Analysis:If you tried to second-guess things about Ireland that actor Gabriel
Byrne was mad as hell about, the list might include the Government s plans to
skewer its cultural institutions, the increasing materialism of Irish society,
as well as the venality of its politics.

The Gathering is just about the most inoffensive policy the Coalition has
dreamed up. The ferocity of Byrne s attack on the project took people by
surprise, but so too did the fact that he chose to attack something which had
been wholly uncontroversial until now.

Byrne was interviewed by Matt Cooper on Today FM on Monday evening in New York.
The irony was that the Last Word s trip to the US was co-funded by The Gathering
and is presumably why Cooper asked for Byrne s opinion of the idea. When Byrne
let fly, Cooper s journalistic instincts kicked in and he went with the piece,
co-funding or not.

Byrne s criticism was split into two strands. The first was the paradox of a
Government trying to get emigrants back to visit when its  incompetence and
gangsterism  had driven them out. His second was on the  selling a pig in a poke
theme. He portrayed The Gathering as an artifice and as a  scam , an exercise in
shaking Burberrys (rich exiles wearing designer macs) for a few quid, to return
to Ireland to take part in  egg-and-spoon races .

Tapping into the diaspora   including those whose connection to Ireland is
tenuous   is not a new phenomenon and has been the obvious and overriding
strategy in most markets, especially North America, for over half a century.
Tourism is a vital sector in the Irish economy and an industry that is capable
of growing, even in the midst of a prolonged recession.

The Gathering is a new iteration of that strategy. It emerged from the first
Farmleigh think-in, inspired by Scotland which had huge success when it
organised clan gatherings.

There would have been sharp criticism had there not been such an initiative. Jim
Miley, its project director, pointed out yesterday that its reach was wider than
first generation exiles, including those who may have an affection for Ireland,
but not necessarily an ancestral connection. Second, it has developed into
something wider than a Tourism Ireland initiative. Irish families, communities,
cultural organisations, sporting organisations and festivals have all become
involved of their own volition. For example, the Galway Arts Festival in 2013
will include a conference on cultural policy and thinking that has been billed
as a  Davos  for the arts.

The budget has been modest   no more than EUR 12 million   but the metrics and
actions so far have been impressive. There are over 1,150 events pencilled in,
from tiny (though not as small as an egg-and-spoon race) to ambitious in scale.
There has been some smart marketing, including a big promo in Croke Park on
All-Ireland hurling day and six TV programmes featuring high-profile exiles
coming home, including actress Fionnuala O Flanagan and Aussie Rules star Tadhg
Kenneally.

An artifice, sure. But not too many have agreed with Byrne s view that it is a
scam .

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      January 12, 2001, Friday, Edition 1

BEGGARS MOCKS SHALLOW MONEY TRENCH

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 737 words



Now that Sex & The City is in repeats (again!) and the new run of The Sopranos
(on TMN) is two months away, there's no series really, really worth watching,
not even the increasingly soapy, sappy The West Wing.

Except for Beggars And Choosers, now in its second season on Bravo!

Which is why I was shattered - shattered, I tell you! - to learn that there
won't be a third season. Originating U.S. network Showtime wasn't happy with the
numbers.

Never mind that everybody in Hollywood was addicted to this ultra-cynical spoof
of the TV biz - and that most critics raved about it.

Mr. and Mrs. America just didn't appreciate the inside jokes, the nastiness, the
backstabbing, the utter venality of the Hollywood dream machine. Seems that
folks just want to watch TV - but really don't want to know about the cogs and
cads that actually make the dial go 'round.

Too bad. Because the best TV action there is can be seen, not in front of the
cameras, but behind them.

As Hunter S. Thompson once put it, "The TV business is a cruel and shallow money
trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men
die like dogs."

While Beggars And Choosers is toast in the U.S. of A., here in the frozen north
there are 21 more brand new episodes to go.

Tonight at 11, episode two of season two. And it's even better than the first.

For those not fully cognizant of the Beggars And Choosers cast of network execs,
agents, actors, hangers-on, etc., a brief sum-up is in order.

Good-ish guy Rob Malone (Brian Kerwin) continues to head the Luddin Global
Television Network (LGT), fending off dwindling ratings, insane stars, scheming
agents, the demands of his neglected wife Cecile (Isabella Hofmann) and his
spoiled kids - plus the threat of a hostile takeover.

This season he gets a new owner, dotty dot.com Buddhist billionaire Dan Falco
(Beau Bridges). He also hires a new development executive from the U.K., Nigel
Gibney (Justin Carroll), takes on a sexy new intern, Kelly Kramer (Christina
Hendricks), deals with Asian-Americans outraged by what one network star does on
a live TV show, and on and on.

Guest stars include Noah Wyle, Erik Estrada, Valerie Harper, Corbin Bernsen and
Alan Thicke.

One of the reasons I love this show is for its female characters, among the
strongest on TV.

(Hollywood actresses complaining about the lack of meaty big-screen roles really
ought to be looking to TV, where women rule the airwaves.)

And there's none more compelling than the bitchy, ambitious and cute-as-a-
button VP of Development, Lori Volpone (Charlotte Ross) for whom, despite her
ceaseless evil machinations, I keep rooting and tooting.

Everything is fair game for Beggars And Choosers, even Beggars And Choosers. The
show lampoons itself while lambasting everything from all-news overkill coverage
to the hypocrisy of minority casting.

If you're begging for something juicy to watch, choose this.

This is the real reality TV.

Being a mere 23 days from a frightening, freaking, f'en milestone
 birthday - don't ask - it was with some trepidation that I
 slipped the documentary Wrinkle into the VCR.

 I mean, could I get more bummed?

But, ever since I watched this delightful hour about former Canadian supermodels
grappling with the aging process, I'm starting to think that maybe I don't look
so bad.

Yeah, sure.

Airing Tuesday at 10 on CBC Newsworld's Rough Cuts, Wrinkle is a video diary of
veteran catwalker Judy Holm's coming to terms with the coming of middle age.

We follow her as she gamely takes us through her exercise sessions, facials,
pedicures and cosmetic surgery consultations, waxing wryly all the while about
beauty, power, age, menopause and gray roots.

Once one of fashion's "top girls," she assembles six of her former colleagues
for a "Wrinkle Summit," a lavish photo shoot complete with fabulous Wayne Clark
dresses.

Summing up the event as "seven old broads trying to get into really great
gowns," Holm and company open up about how it feels to have once been cover-
girl gorgeous and now find your body parts heading south.

The truth ain't pretty but, to these failing eyes, they're all still knockouts.

As for us mortals now contemplating our vanishing jaw lines, we can at least
console ourselves that, when our faces go, we won't lose that much.

Know a good surgeon?


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: EVIL EYE:
 Beggars And Choosers' bitchy and ambitious VP of Development is played by
Charlotte Ross.

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              455 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 4, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

3 TV Shows That Captured a Decade

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE BRUSH; Stephanie Brush is a syndicated columnist for The
Washington Post Writers Group.

SECTION: Section 2; Page 1, Column 5; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1345 words


Suddenly, it's the end of three eras: ''Moonlighting'' is television history,
and ''Family Ties'' and ''Miami Vice'' have aired their (respectively, tearful
and explosive) all- time finales.

These were shows (more than shows, really) that we once arranged our lives
around, canceled dates for, argued about, chewed on - and, yes, bought the
wardrobe and soundtrack of. It feels particularly cataclysmic if you include the
demise this spring of the long-run ning ''Dynasty'' and ''Kate & Allie'' -
almost as if the 80's have been purged from television in one fell swoop.

But ''Moonlighting,'' ''Miami Vice'' and ''Family Ties'' are likely the ones
that future TV historians will dissect most lovingly, even though on the sur
face the three had little in common, except for, arguably, a male star you
somehow couldn't take your eyes off: They made household words out of Bruce
Willis, Don Johnson and Michael J. Fox.

Looking back and calling them ground-breaking originals now, we forget that
''Miami Vice'' was once just another cop show, with maybe an updated
designer-loafer budget. ''Moonlight ing'' started life as a poor man's
''Remington Steele.'' ''Family Ties'' was ''Father Knows Best'' with granola.

But they were shows that were inextricably of their time; they somehow became
that way, through writing, or ''style'' or luck or all three. You could even
argue that ''Miami Vice,'' wholly of south Florida, and ''Family Ties,'' wholly
of Columbus, Ohio, were distant reflections of the same 80's syndrome: ''Miami
Vice'' was rampant greed and acquisitiveness, with a drug dealer's hooves and
horns. Alex P. Keaton of ''Family Ties'' was greed with the face of an angel.

''Family Ties'' was a show about a wholesome, decent, liberal household that had
somehow hatched a comical but morally repellent life form. (At first, the idea
seemed a schematic gimmick: ''Ha! Ha! A switcheroo - hippie parents with a son
who likes wearing neckties!'') Then it turned out that the creators were a
little too prescient, and Alex-like characters were popping up all over the
80's, although Alex's deep-down venality always seemed to do them one better.

But the writers and the actors continued to add dimension to the show during its
seven years, and through the central cartoon of Alex (who became less
cartoonlike) the issues of alcoholism, teen-age suicide and the endangered
nuclear family were explored. It's easy to forget, looking back, that the
essential monstrousness of Alex Keaton's proclaimed values would have made him
impossible to watch if Michael J. Fox had not been so, miraculously, cuddly. .

All of these shows did things for us that we needed to have done at a precise
notch in history.

''Miami Vice'' supposedly was the product of a single high-concept two-word
phrase generated by NBC's president of entertainment, Brandon Tartikoff: ''MTV
cops.'' And there was never so much as a single comprehensible plot to mar the
series' five-year run. It was the ultimate triumph of style over (controlled)
substance. But that style was seductive; it had an emotional life of its own.
Dead bodies always fell into pools, in perfect red blossoms of blood, like
begonias in David Hockney paintings. The screams of the dying drug warriors in
gun-battle scenes were muffled by throbbing synthesizers or the gorgeous, sad
wailing of Peter Gabriel or Phil Collins or Godley and Creme.

The episode where rocker Ted Nugent blows up Sonny Crockett's Testarossa in a
deserted sand pit had a sort of existential Samuel Beckett-hits-Dade-County
quality. And who can forget that episode about the achingly vulnerable hooker
who falls in love with Rico Tubbs, ties him to a bed between stabbings and then
shoots herself in the head? (''This is what you want,'' the soundtrack chanted
over and over.

''This is what you get.'')

This was what we got. This was what we wanted.

Still, arguments remained: Was ''Miami Vice'' a ''moral'' show? Specifically, it
was a show about immorality but with a moral center: Lieut. Martin Castillo,
played by Edward James Olmos with a pained, nearly Christlike stoicism.
(''Family Ties,'' in contrast, was a show about morality, with an ostensibily
immoral center: young Alex Keaton, who, in the last season, was training his
tiny younger brother in the fine art of evicting widows and orphans from real
estate holdings. But we laughed and laughed. Cuddle, cuddle.) Before ''Miami
Vice,'' south Florida had no reputation at all, other than as a gray-headed
Geritol-and-Ex-Lax capital. Then, in the space of a single television season,
south Florida got young. The summer that ''Miami Vice'' was at its peak, I
remember traveling in Oslo, Norway, and everyone in sight was dressed like Sonny
Crockett. And they didn't even know who Sonny Crockett was. More importantly, it
didn't matter.

If ''Miami Vice'' succeeded in making the war on drugs something you could hum
to, ''Moonlighting'' made the war between the sexes something you could
healthily giggle at. It was based on a million Hollywood ''screwball'' movies
about two people who belonged together, by virtue of despising everything each
other stood for. Except that all those movies conveniently ended; they remained
movies.  But, if television is only a box, ''Moonlighting'' climbed out of the
box. Not only did Bruce Willis's Dave and Cybill Shepherd's Maddie address us
personally, we believed Dave/Bruce's and Maddie/Cybill's feelings were real. For
a brief while, it was like watching a great Tracy-and-Hepburn movie, knowing
that the sparks flying on screen were absolutely genuine. And the supermarket
tabloids gleefully perpetuated this. (We wanted no part of the news that Cybill
Shepherd wasn't really in love with the smirking David Addison - and was in fact
pregnant with twins by her real-life chiropractor. It wasn't a well-written
situation.) On some level, we knew that the fireworks set off by Dave and Maddie
were generated precisely by their spectacular wrongness for one another. It was
like watching a car accident, addictively, week after week. ''Moonlighting'' was
an ode to better (if tenser) living through sexual chemistry, and we were just
as happy to watch, rather than participate. You only wanted to know: ''Are they
going to kiss?'' We wanted to balance on that tense pinnacle forever. We wanted
to hold our breath. We didn't want to see the messy stuff. The moment the
tension was gone, the show was gone, was essentially over. We didn't want to
witness the ugly trench warfare that ensues when real sex gums things up - the
''Did you call me?/Did I call you?'' business.

During its four-season life, the Blue Moon Detective Agency, with its background
scrim of faceless employees, was a wonderful boxing ringof the sexes: Dave and
Maddie would emerge from their respective corners, go a few rounds and retreat,
gasping, behind their respective office doors. You watched it with your
boyfriend or husband, you cheered for your ''team.''

In a way, for the same reason that all these shows needed to exist, they needed
to eventually trundle off.

''Miami Vice'' probably had to go because the reality of the drug problem became
more grotesque and theatrical than anything television could dream up. The
series' final episode, about a drug-dealing Central American megalomaniac, was
upstaged by the real-life elections in Panama.

And Alex Keaton, right on Inauguration Day cue, was becoming noticeably kinder
and gentler, which is death to comedy. Besides, all the siblings on ''Family
Ties'' looked a bit creaky to still be living at home with the folks. Michael J.
Fox was developing forehead creases. The female stars' hairstyles and wardrobes
were becoming suspiciously more Melrose Avenue than Columbus.

''Family Ties'' ended on the classiest note, beautifully written and played
until the end. Everyone cried freely at the closing curtain call. In the
eternity of rerun-land, the theme song will probably take on a whole new
meaning: ''What'll we do, baby/ Without us?''

Probably watch ''Roseanne.'' But it won't be the same.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd as the sparring Dave and
Maddie in ''Moonlighting''; Michael J. Fox as the wily Alex in ''Family Ties,''
and Don Johnson as Sonny in the high-concept ''Miami Vice'' (pg. 23)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              456 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          February 17, 2010 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

What's Hot on This BBC Podcast? The Siege of Munster (1534-35)

BYLINE: By ADAM COHEN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL OBSERVER; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 693 words


The Frankfurt School of philosophers emigrated from Nazi Germany and became
dyspeptic critics of American culture. Several landed in Southern California
where they were disturbed by the consumer culture and the gospel of relentless
cheeriness. Depressive by nature, they focused on the disappointments and
venality that surrounded them and how unnecessary it all was. It could be
paradise, Theodor Adorno complained, but it was only California.

These gloomy Germans were the subject of a recent edition of ''In Our Time,'' a
popular BBC Radio 4 program that is gaining fans in the United States through
its free podcast, which is available on iTunes. It is hard to imagine a
mainstream American radio show devoting a full episode to the Frankfurt School,
but for ''In Our Time,'' that was relatively light fare.

Recently, the show has delved into the 1692 Glencoe Massacre in Scotland and
aired a four-part series on the Royal Society, a scholarly institution
celebrating its 350th anniversary. It made the episode on ''Silas Marner,''
George Eliot's 1861 novel, seem frivolous.

There is a lot of talk about how the Internet is driving culture ever lower, but
it also makes a wealth of serious thinking available. From the comfort of home,
one can download free audio books by authors like Jane Austen and Joseph Conrad
and free podcasts of university lectures (openculture.com has an assortment of
both).

''In Our Time,'' a program on ''the history of ideas,'' is in a class of its
own. Each week the host, Melvyn Bragg -- a BBC veteran, whose Life Peerage makes
him Lord Bragg of Wigton -- offers a panel of academic experts, with Oxford and
Cambridge heavily represented. The guests have titles like ''associate professor
in philosophy and senior fellow in the public understanding of philosophy at the
University of Warwick.'' They talk about arcane topics from history, literature,
science and philosophy, throwing off casual asides on subjects like Sigmund
Freud's theory of ''gain through illness'' -- the idea that people become
neurotic because it is useful to them.

Mr. Bragg doesn't spare the stage directions: Would you please tell us about
this? And We'll Get to That Later. But his careful questioning and quick wit
underlie the brilliance of ''In Our Time'' -- its ability to draw in listeners
on subjects that they would not expect themselves to care much about, or perhaps
even to be able to tolerate.

I convinced a friend to start downloading the program when I mentioned an
interesting discussion of logical positivism. The next time I saw her, she told
me that she was hooked and that a new episode on the Siege of Munster -- which
had popped up on my iPhone, but which I had not rushed to hear -- was
surprisingly fascinating.

Intellectuals also talk about ideas on a second BBC Radio 4 program called
''Thinking Allowed,'' but its focus is ''new research on how society works.''
The host, Laurie Taylor, interviews professors and authors on subjects that are
contemporary and often a bit whimsical. There have been episodes on
acquaintances -- people somewhere between strangers and friends -- and a
phenomenon described as ''laddish masculinity in higher education.''

The discussions often involve scholarly inquiry into the minutiae of everyday
life, with special attention to the role of social class -- a subject rarely
discussed in the American news media. On one, an inquiry into the sociology of
car behavior suggested that when two middle-class couples ride in a car, the
owners of the car are likely to sit in the front, with the second couple in the
back. When two working-class couples go for a drive, the men are likely to sit
in the front and the women in the back.

Making abstruse subjects accessible to nonexperts can be a challenge, something
Mr. Bragg, a self-proclaimed nonexpert, appreciates. ''Thank you very much,
indeed, for bringing that down to us,'' he told the panel at the end of the show
on logical positivism.

After a brief pause, he announced the following week's topic: ''The Ediacara
Biota, pre-Cambrian life forms, which vanished 542 million years ago -- were
they the earliest form of life?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              457 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 March 13, 2009

Philip Roth's New Novel About Philip Roth

BYLINE:

In 2008, Ilan Stavans was the only non-baseball player named in The Mitchell
Report. He was described as using performance-enhancing drugs to keep up a
frantic, absurd pace of writing. Stavans adamantly denied these allegations
before a Congressional committee. His latest book is My Life as an Insomniac
(Hyperactive Press, 2008).

SECTION: Backward; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 601 words


THE PLAGIARIST  By Philip Roth

Houghton Mifflin. 212 pages. $25

Philip Roth has always been a  conflicted warrior, balancing his  high regard
for his literary and  sexual talents against a contempt  for his own venality.
His newest  novel, The Plagiarist, is,  yet again, a recapitulation of his
overarching career, but the master  has managed to revisit this  well-worn
ground in a shockingly  new way.

With a crisp, pungent style, Roth  looks at the Machiavellian years  of the W.
regime as a nightmare of  greed and duplicity. The novel centers  around a legal
suit brought in  New York District Court by the literary  professor Nathan
Zuckerman  against Philip Roth, accusing him  of stealing his work, most
recently  in Exit Ghost, which, Zuckerman  argues, is a thin reworking of his
memoir Free Flow. At first it  seems like standard Roth, musing  upon the uneasy
relationship  between art and appropriation.  But at about page 30, it becomes
clear that Roth isn't making this  up. Nathan Zuckerman exists. And  Roth has
been screwing him over  for years.

The book opens with Zuckerman,  a Newark-born, neurasthenic  English professor,
in a phone conversation  with his lawyer, Augusta  Davidow, complaining that the
real plot rightly belongs to me and  not to that bastard. He points to a  long
history of literary thefts, dating  back to The Ghost Writer,  which, Zuckerman
claims, comes  from a short story Zuckerman published  in 1968 in DeVries
Technical  College's Literary Review.

The genius of The Plagiarist  lies in its exploration of academic  resentment.
Zuckerman is an  opaque professor who looks back  at the modicum of success he
has  achieved as insufficient to satisfy  his expectations. His description  in
the deposition of Roth's sexual  escapades (with a Mexican  cashier even) is
sorrowful. The  tense scene in which Zuckerman  and Roth meet in court, their
tenuous  eye contact, Davidow's argument  that Roth is an example of  the
American indiscretion and our  collective indulgence with celebrities  and the
innuendo pointed at  by Davidow that Roth attempted  to find an exit from the
quagmire  by asking her on a date, are drawn  with accustomed skill.

At the core of The Plagiarist is  not an accusation but an apologia  that all
Jews are plagiarists. As  partners in an open, enlightened  society, we not only
imitate gentile  mores but subvert them. The  Jew is an intrepid appropriator,
a law partner tells Davidow. The  argument allows Roth to raise the  question of
his lack of originality  while asking those questions in  a forum that is, in
Zuckerman's  words, a farce arranged to generate  applause.

What makes this novel more  ambitious is the heightened sensibility  that
results from placing  the Zuckerman-Roth confrontation  in the context of the
Bush-Cheney  regime. Roth compares his abuse of  Zuckerman's work and reputation
tangentially, but with aplomb, to  the scandal of Abu Ghraib, and his  legal
manipulations to the Alberto  Gonzáles Justice Department charade.  And yet Roth
also undermines  this conceit by making  it clear, through his own frank
admissions and extensive documentation,  that his crimes extend  back for
decades beforehand.

The novel's end is unexpected.  Roth wins the suit against  Zuckerman only to be
gunned  down by David Kepesh, a high  school chemistry teacher from  Cairo,
Ill., who has been similarly  wronged. One could read this as a  metaphor for
the way that fictional  characters turn against their artists,  and that forces
once unleashed  often run amok. Or one could  simply say that what goes around
comes around.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Nathan Zuckerman:Fromcertain angles, bears a strikingresemblance
to Philip Roth.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A glamorous habit's last gasp

BYLINE: William Porter Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 1193 words


More than five centuries have passed since Rodrigo de Jerez sailed home to Spain
from Cuba and fired up the first cigar seen in the Old World.

The Inquisition tossed him in prison. It was the anti-smoking lobby's first
victory.

Colorado smokers will be spared the thumbscrews, but like tobacco fans across
the United States, they are hurting. A bill banning smoking in most public
venues is wending through the legislature.

Such a strange arc for the product derived from nicotiana tabacum, the hybrid
descended from a plant first grown in the Americas 6,000 years ago.

The modern cigarette industry was one of 20th- century America's great
industrial success stories. It spawned personal fortunes, multinational
conglomerates and government subsidies. By the 1940s, cigarettes seemed standard
accessories for everyone from heroic GI Joes to sophisticated musicians like
Duke Ellington.

Millions of consumers could not get enough of the product - literally.

Now tobacco is on the ropes, gasping: pummeled by four decades of terrible
publicity about health risks, scorned for its noxiousness, vilified as a symbol
of corporate venality.

Funny thing, though. Even as smoking seems headed toward the ashtray of history,
people are still hashing out their feelings about the practice. Yes, most agree
that smoking is a nasty habit, no matter how they side in the free-choice
debate.

But what of smoking's romance? Its history as a rite of passage into the adult
world?

We all saw the tar-spackled lungs in hygiene class, but there remains a deep
disconnect between the obvious dangers and the undeniable glamour.

Hollywood has given us indelible images of cigarettes ever since studios
discovered the moody potency of light passing through a cone of smoke rising
from the proper hand. (Thank- you, Marlene Dietrich.) Humphrey Bogart, Gary
Cooper and John Wayne were iconic big- screen chimneys, though smoking killed
all three.

Deep into this age of health consciousness and personal trainers, Hollywood
still loves the cigarette. Teen stars smoke. Sound technicians are infatuated
with the cash-register ka-ching of a Zippo flipping open. A struck match sounds
like a gunshot.

Film fans breathe this in, accept it. Like most Americans, myself included, they
have a complex relationship with smoking.

I was raised in the heart of tobacco country. My relatives farmed it, and a
grandfather died from it. A Pall Mall man - two packs a day, unfiltered - he
spent the last months of his life with a hole where his larynx used to be.

Growing up in small-town North Carolina around 1970, cigarettes were at once a
mystery of the adult world and something many of us could buy for 40 cents at
any store where the owner didn't know our parents. Those "Like father, like
son?" anti-smoking ads notwithstanding, messages remained mixed.

Conley Hyer, tough-nut World War II veteran and our Scoutmaster, threatened to
"bust down to Tenderfoot" any kid in his troop caught smoking. Lest any of us
wonder why this warning was typically delivered with a Winston wedged between
his lips, Mr. Hyer would cock an eyebrow and grin. "Boys, don't do as I do, do
as I say do."

Stanley Buckner, who taught Sunday School at the Baptist Church, could call down
brimstone on everything from alcohol to using the flag as a bunting. Yet he
religiously hitched his mule to work a small tobacco allotment. Three children
were bound for college, and the Lord said nothing about burley or brightleaf in
the Bible, nor had He loosened the purse- strings at the mill where Mr. Buckner
worked the night shift.

At the high school, smoking would get you kicked off the football and basketball
teams, but baseball players were free to use chewing tobacco. The school had
smoking areas; any 14-year-old could puff away with the seniors or bum a
cigarette off one of the hip teachers.

But movies were where we learned the pull of smoking, its embodiment of all
things adult. For many of us, cigarettes became props in the
lights-camera-action of our own lives.

In "The Godfather," a young Al Pacino lights a cigarette after saving his father
from hit men and realizes, tellingly, that his hands aren't shaking. Jack
Nicholson and Faye Dunaway share a post-coital cigarette in "Chinatown," on the
cusp of awful secrets.

Anyone who ever caught a late-night showing of "Now, Voyager" remembers when
Paul Heinreid pulls two cigarettes from his pack, lights both and hands one to
Bette Davis. Ah, elegance.

Then there was Bogart, uttering his classic lines amid a fog of smoke. He
already seemed from another century, but remained an arbiter of cool.

So for a few years in my late teens, I took up cigarettes. I must have looked
ridiculous: baby-faced, hair down my back, a cig hanging from my mouth. No
matter.

Brands came and went. Winstons, mainly, a brief fixation on Old Golds, which
turned fingers the color of French's mustard.

Smoking a pack or more a day cost money I didn't have and made my mouth taste
like the place where the billy goat slept. But it put me in a fraternity of
people who shared a need - and a set of rituals: sharp tamps to pack the
tobacco, tapping the ash, sundry matchbook tricks, stubbing the butt or flicking
it away, hard, when done.

Like many of my peers, I saw cigarettes as the province of the bar, the poker
game, the term paper, the bull session. They jump-started my mornings and fueled
long drives in the night. And they were part of evenings with a young woman
whose way with a cigarette - how she held it, the conspiratorial cut of her eyes
when she exhaled - could make a man wish he were a carton of Marlboros.

I quit one June, just like that. I was traveling overseas on the cheap; at $1.20
a pack, cigarettes were one-tenth my daily budget. So out they went, sparing me
for other vices.

On a recent Saturday I sat in a downtown establishment watching the Olympics.
Half the people there were working on a cigarette. The air was blue with fumes.
It wearied me.

I support the ban. Not without reservations, and not with the irritating
fanaticism of the reformed, but with the recognition that smoking's medical and
social toll is unsupportable.

Still, I don't know if movies will be better off if smoking is ever banned from
the silver screen. Film celebrates all manner of contrary behavior. If our hero
has just vanquished the bad guy, or bid farewell to the love of his life on a
lonely runway, do we begrudge him a cigarette?

Then again, we'll always have "Casablanca."

Staff writer William Porter

can be reached at 303-820-1877

or wporter@denverpost.com. ---------------------- The start of a beautiful
addiction

Hollywood helped romanticize smoking by imbuing it with a sophisticated cachet,
courtesy of stars such as Humphrey Bogart.

"Tearin' me apart!" indeed

Movie icon James Dean, who was often photographed with a cigarette, gave
'50s-era teens a prop for their rebellion.

Have we really come a long way?

Tobacco companies introduced cigarette brands such as Virginia Slims to pursue
the burgeoning women's market.

Homemakers to home on the range

In a stunning bit of rebranding, Philip Morris took Marlboro cigarettes, which
were first marketed to women, and made them an icon of cowboy macho.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     November 6, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

'Glory': Not just another Prizzi face // The end of the family saga is better
left untold

BYLINE: ROBERT FRIEDMAN

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Books; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1198 words



PRIZZI'S GLORY    By Richard Condon    E.P. Dutton, $ 17.95

     In the first two volumes of what turned out to be the Prizzi    trilogy,
Richard Condon managed to create an only slightly exaggerated    world, or
underworld, of such good-humored violence and venality that a    reader dreaded
coming to the end of the books and returning to the    humorlessly venal and
violent real world.

     Beyond that, Condon's satiric vision was so sharp, his style so
seamless, that readers who for some reason were looking for more than
entertainment could glean about as many Lessons in Life, and in    writing, as
the modern American novel has to offer.

     Condon's smiling visage on the dust jackets of those earlier Prizzi
books was that of an all-knowing, indulgent father in the company of an
incorrigible son. Condon seemed to take a similarly benign view of the    banal
brutality of Don Corrado Prizzi (pound for pound, the most    successful capo in
the history of show business), Charley Partanna (a    vindicatore's vindicatore;

 all he does is beat you) and the rest of    Prizzi's extended family of
organized crime - as well as the real    American society that the Prizzis were
understood to represent.

     Condon doesn't look nearly so content on the back cover of Prizzi's
Glory, and the book itself gives further evidence that he has finally    lost
his beatific patience with the foibles of the real and fictional    worlds
around him. The satire is no longer as consistently subtle and    incisive; the
style is no longer as self-assured.

     For example: Rather than trusting readers to notice for themselves    that
an amiable cutthroat like Don Corrado looks a lot like a slightly    older,
shorter and smarter Ronald Reagan who gives away cookies instead    of jelly
beans, Condon feels the need to bring his story to an    inconvenient halt while
he indulges himself in a sour, heavy-handed    indictment of the Iran-Contra
affair and the Reagan presidency in    general. Then, in the last 50 or so
pages, the tone turns entirely too    serious and literal as Condon works to
wrap up three books' worth of    the Prizzi saga.

     All that being said, Prizzi's Glory still is more fun and more
thoughtful than just about anything else being written in the whole    broad
genre. It's just that the first two Prizzi books, along with The

 Manchurian Candidate and much of the rest of Condon's prior work, were    THE
best, no couching "just abouts" necessary.

     I saw John Huston's movie version of Prizzi's Honor before I read    the
book, and I assumed that the wise and wry vision was the    director's. After
reading Condon, it was clear that Huston had simply -    Simply - made a
faithful translation to the screen. Prizzi's Glory is    dedicated to Huston,
and Condon seems to miss him.

     Anyway, all of the surviving Prizzi family is here, at least at the
start of the book, and some of them, such as Charley's father, Angelo,    the
don's right-hand man for more than half a century, are fuller and    more
interesting characters than they were before. But as the family    moves into
its third generation in America, it is becoming rapidly    assimilated and
legitimized. The Prizzis are busily franchising out    their few remaining
hands-on operations in drugs, prostitution,    recycled postage stamps and other
profitable scams, and their fortune    is being laundered into more or less
legitimate business. In what    amounts to The Manchurian Candidate meets the
Prizzis, Charley    Partanna, rechristened Charles Macy Barton, is shipped off
to Europe,    where excruciating months of plastic surgery, elocution lessons
and    brainwashing techniques transform him from a murderous thug into (at
least superficially) a cultured giant of industry.

     Before the change, Charley still sounds like the lovable hitman we
remember: "Mae  Fahcrissake  Whatta you want from me?" "The don    built this
business when most of youse still had your ass hanging out    of your pants."

     As Charles Macy Barton, he sounds like George Bush kicking back on    a
long weekend at Kennebunkport: "Godfrey and ginger, Mr. President "    "Blow my
shirt " "What in tarnation " "Jehoshaphat, Mae "

     This transformation is funny for a while, but what makes for more
interesting reading over the long run: Lucky Luciano or Lee Iacocca?

 Murders and inquisitions, or mergers and acquisitions?

     Charley's habilitation is, of course, a central part of the    decades-old
scheme of Maerose Prizzi, granddaughter of the don and    possessor of the most
disastrously devious female mind since Livia made    a mess of the Roman Empire
in I, Claudius. As part of her master plan    to become the first female don in
Mafia history, Maerose finally    marries Charley after a 19-year engagement
(punctuated by Charley's    brief and unhappy marriage to a hitwoman whose name
now escapes him).

 Maerose sees to it that Charley takes over the legitimate business
conglomerate long controlled by her uncle, Edward Price, (ne Eduardo    Prizzi)
who underwent his own makeover many years before. As a    consolation prize,
Edward gets to run for president, although it's    understood from the start
that he will have to settle for attorney    general when the final deal goes
down.

     It's a good story, but the all-powerful Prizzis were more enjoyable    in
the earlier books, when they seemed to be sui generis, with no    beginning or
end. Now the end has come, and I'm sorry to see them go.

 Go back and read Prizzi's Family and Prizzi's Honor if you haven't    already,
and you'll want to plow through Prizzi's Glory, too, if only    to give the
whole crew a proper burial.



 Excerpt



   "After you set the franchises up, you and Mae are going to Europe.

 Harry Garrone is lining up a good face doctor, maybe also a dentist,    and Mae
is looking now for somebody to show you how to talk like    Eduardo talks."

     "Jesus, padrino "

     "A couple of tailors will come over to Switzerland from London,    and in
eight months, a year, you'll be ready to come back to New York    to take over
Eduardo's spot."

     "What happens to the real me?"

     "The papers will run it that you got pneumonia or something and    that it
put you under. We'll give you a big send-off and everybody will    forget all
about you. No offense meant."

     Charley gave a little shrug. "Well, if that's what you want,    that's what
I'm gonna do, but no wonder today is the saint's day for    the patron saint of
hernias."

 - from Prizzi's Glory

 - Robert Friedman is an editorial writer for the St. Petersburg

 Times. -



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Richard Condon

                            Times Publishing Company


                              460 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      September 22, 1996 Sunday 2D EDITION

Colorado: no school for scandal

BYLINE: Sue O'Brien

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 760 words

It was back in the early '70s, either while John Vanderhoof was lieutenant
governor or during his brief stint as governor-by-succession.

More precisely, you can tell it was before Watergate because Statehouse
reporters and politicians still treated each other as friends.

A few reporter types were in the office of the man the whole state knew as
"Johnny Van" one day when the subject of honesty in politics came up.
Vanderhoof, ever the most open-hearted of men, had an adventure to tell us
about. It was as though he'd been to the Big City and had survived to tell what
he had seen.

He'd been at a national conference of lieutenant governors, he said, when a
lieutenant governor from one of the eastern states introduced himself.

"I'm glad to meet someone from your part of the country," the guy said. "I've
been wondering how you folks handle your highway kickbacks."

The story came to mind with the death of Spiro Agnew, who resigned the vice
presidency of the U.S. in 1973 because of his participation in kickback schemes
during his years in Maryland politics.

Ironically, although many Americans lost their faith in government during
Watergate and the separate-but-unequal Spirogate, I can trace my trust in the
probity of Colorado politicians back to that conversation in Johnny Van's
office.

I was impressed by how shocked he'd been to encounter raw venality in real life.
I was equally impressed by his absolute confidence in the honesty of his peers.
He had to be confident, to trust a story like that to a bunch of reporters.

I called Gov. Vanderhoof the other night, to check my memory and make sure it
was OK to tell the story.

Yes, the story was true, he said. In fact, the perpetrator eventually spent time
in jail. Plus, there was another conference, where a legislative leader, again
from an eastern state, wanted to know how Colorado pols handled getting people
into medical school - "and what do you charge?" That man ended up in jail, too.

Like me, though, Johnny Van mostly exults at how different it is in the West.

"It's a marvel and a wonderful thing to me," he says, "that Colorado - as far as
I know - has been always clean."

I agree. In 28 years of covering and working in the Statehouse - whether during
the Republican administrations of John Love and John Vanderhoof or the
Democratic years of Dick Lamm and Roy Romer - I've heard of only a handful of
scandals. Most were petty and most didn't stick. If money changed hands, it was
over the poker table, not under it.

That's why it's so hard to forgive what Agnew and his cronies did. Their actions
helped taint politics and government for whole generations of stay-at-home
citizens. The stuff in Maryland wasn't petty - Agnew is believed to have
pocketed at least $ 147,500 - and it did stick.

That's abuse of office, pure and simple. It is violation of the public trust -
and it makes all the people who have spent hours and years in public life look
bad. Maybe we can even blame the Spiro Agnews for our perpetual urban angst over
Denver International Airport. The facts that the project was huge and that there
were massive delays don't necessarily add up to corruption. Maybe, just maybe,
the story is more of incompetence than graft.

Is it significant that radio talk host Peter Boyles, chief fanner of the
DIA-conspiracy flame and my good friend, comes from Pennsylvania?

Lest I do too much Pollyanna here, let me quickly acknowledge that suspicions of
cronyism and corruption seem to have more credibility at the city level than at
the state - even in Colorado. It's Denver that was tarred by the Klan scandal of
the '20s and the cop scandal of the '50s.

"Didn't it always seem there was an awful lot of cigar-smoking going on during
the Bill McNichols administration?" asks Post pundit Fred Brown. "Mighty
suspicious."

Actually, the best profile I've seen of Big City politics, Denver style, was
written by the New Republic's Thomas Teal back in 1983, when McNichols'
"machine" had just been trounced:

"When asked to give examples of this alleged machine in action, people mention
things like the mayor's office sending out birthday cards at city expense    the
police band giving paid performances while on duty, that sort of thing - and
evidently these were enough to do in Mayor Bill. In the primary he got 19
percent of the vote and finished third, eliminating him from the runoff. If this
is a machine, it compares unfavorably with the inclined plane." Sue O'Brien
(sobrien@denverpost.com) is editor of The Denver Post editorial pages.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 14, 1991, Monday

THE CLARENCE THOMAS HEARINGS; EXCERPTS; Thomas's supporters say he did no such
thing'; J.C. Alvarez

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 07

LENGTH: 1024 words


Chicago businesswoman

She spent four years as a special assistant to Clarence Thomas at the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission.

What she said: So why did I come? Why didn't I just stay uninvolved and
apolitical? Because, senators, like most real Americans who witness a crime
being committed, who witness an injustice being done, I could not look the other
way and pretend that I did not see it. . . . No, senators, I cannot stand by and
watch a group of thugs beat up and rob a man of his money any more than I could
have stayed in Chicago and stood by and watched you beat up an innocent man and
rob him blind. . . . No, you have robbed a man of his name, his character and
his reputation. And what's amazing to me is that you didn't do it in a dark
alley and you didn't do it in the dark of night. You did it in broad daylight in
front of all America on television for the whole world to see. . . . I know
Clarence Thomas and I know Anita Hill. . . . I don't know how else to say it,
but I have to tell you that it just blew my mind to see Anita Hill testifying on
Friday. Honest to goodness, it was like schizophrenia. That was not the Anita
Hill that I knew and worked with at EEOC. On Friday, she played the role of a
meek, innocent, shy Baptist girl from the South who was a victim of this big,
bad man. I don't know who she was trying to kid, because the Anita Hill that I
knew and worked with was nothing like that. She was a very hard, tough woman.
She was opinionated. She was arrogant. She was a relentless debater.; Nancy
Elizabeth Fitch

Assistant professor of African-American studies, Temple University, Philadelphia

She was a special assistant to Clarence Thomas at the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission from 1982 through 1989.

What she said: I would like to say Judge Thomas, besides being a person of great
moral character, I found to be a most intelligent man.

Senator Biden was correct yesterday when he indicated that the Republican side
of the panel might have overlooked its easiest defense, that of dealing with the
judge's intelligence.

If these allegations, which I believe to be completely unfounded and vigorously
believe unfounded, were true, we would be dealing not only with venality but
with abject stupidity, with the person shooting himself in the foot, having
given someone else the gun to use at any time. There is no way Clarence Thomas .
. . would callously, venally hurt someone. A smart man concerned about making a
contribution to this country as a public official, recognizing the gravity and
weightiness of his responsibilities and public trust, a role model and mentor
who would, by his life and work, show the possibilities in America for all
citizens given opportunity, well, such a person such as this, Judge Clarence
Thomas, would never, ever make a parallel career in harassment, ask that it not
be revealed, and expect to have and keep his real career. And I know he did no
such thing.

And I know he will get back his good name.; Diane Holt

Management analyst in the EEOC chairman's office

She was Clarence Thomas's secretary at EEOC from 1982 through 1987.

What she said: I met Professor Hill in the summer of 1981 when she came to work
at the Department of Education as attorney adviser to Judge Thomas.

After about a year, Judge Thomas was nominated to be chairman of the EEOC. He
asked both Professor Hill and myself to transfer with him.

Both Ms. Hill and I were excited about the prospect of transferring to EEOC. We
discussed the greater potential for individual growth at this larger agency. We
discussed and expressed excitement that we would be at the right hand of the
individual who would run this agency.

When we arrived at the EEOC, because we knew no one else there, Professor Hill
and I quickly developed a professional relationship, a professional friendship,
often having lunch together.

At no time did Professor Hill intimate, not even in the most subtle of ways,
that Judge Thomas was asking her out or subjecting her to the crude, abusive
conversations that have been described, nor did I ever discern any discomfort
when Professor Hill was in Judge Thomas's presence.

Additionally, I never heard anyone at any time make any reference to any
inappropriate conduct in relation to Clarence Thomas.

In sum, the Chairman Thomas that I have known for 10 years is absolutely
incapable of the abuses described by Professor Hill.; Phyllis Berry (Myers)

Describes herself as wife, mother and field hockey coach

She was a special assistant to Judge Thomas at EEOC.

What she said: Anita Hill was already a member of Clarence Thomas's staff when I
joined the commission in 1982 . There are several points to be made.

One. Many of the areas of responsibility that I had been asked to oversee were
areas that Anita Hill handled, particularly congressional affairs and public
relations. We, therefore, had to work together.

Chris Rogerson was the director of congressional affairs at that time, and Anita
Hill worked more under his supervision than Clarence Thomas's.

Two. Clarence Thomas's behavior toward Anita Hill was no more, no less, than his
behavior toward the rest of his staff. He was respectful, demanding of
excellence in our work, cordial, professional, interested in our lives and our
career ambitions.

Three. Anita Hill indicated to me that she had been a primary adviser to
Clarence Thomas at the Department of Education. However, she seemed to be having
a difficult time on his EEOC staff as being considered just one of many,
especially on a staff where others were as equally or more talented than she.

Four. Anita Hill often acted as though she had a right to immediate, direct
access to the chairman. Such access was not always immediately available. I felt
she was particularly distressed when Allison Duncan became chief of staff and
her direct access to the chairman was even more limited.

Five. I cannot remember anyone, except perhaps Diane Holt, who was regarded as
personally close to Anita. She was considered by most of us as somewhat aloof.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Former colleagues of Judge Clarence Thomas, (from left) J.C.
Alvarez, Nancy Elizabeth Fitch, Diane Holt and Phyllis Berry (Myers), are sworn
in Sunday before the Senate Judiciary Committee / The Associated Press

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              462 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          December 17, 2014, Wednesday

Gruber shows arrogance of liberals;
Some would rather mislead and control than enable

BYLINE: Michael Gerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 782 words


Jonathan Gruber - the source of more smoking guns than the battle of Gettysburg
- recently appeared before a hostile House committee.

The good professor, you might recall, is an MIT economist who played a
significant (and paid) role in producing and defending the Affordable Care Act.

He also later admitted, in an astonishing variety of settings, that the law was
written in a "tortured way to hide tax increases and other flaws. "Lack of
transparency, he cheerfully conceded, "is a huge political advantage.

And basically, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but
basically that was really, really critical to getting the thing to pass.

At the hearing, some Republicans seemed oddly focused on Gruber's profit motive,
as though a real scandal must involve venality.

Democrats attempted to salvage the credibility of Obamacare by throwing the
witness to the wolves. Rep. Elijah Cummings declared Gruber's past statements
"disrespectful, "insulting, "stupid and "absolutely stupid.

But the problem for Democrats is that Gruber is not stupid. By all accounts, he
is knowledgeable, candid and willing, on occasion, to criticize the Obama
administration - an advocate for Obamacare without being a shill.

But he is perfectly representative of a certain approach to politics that is
common in academic circles, influential in modern liberalism and destructive to
the Democratic Party.

"My own inexcusable arrogance, Gruber told the committee, "is not a flaw in the
Affordable Care Act." Oh, yes it is.

Many academic liberals have fully internalized the "What's the Matter with
Kansas? theory, given vivid expression by Thomas Frank.

In its simplified version (and there is seldom any other kind), this is the
argument that people who are suffering from economic inequality should naturally
vote Democratic. But they often get distracted by the shiny objects of the
culture war and tricked into resentment against liberal elites.

It's a very short step from this belief to its more muscular corollary: Liberal
elites (through liberal politicians) should constructively mislead Americans.
The task of persuasion is pretty nigh hopeless, given the unfortunate "stupidity
of the American voter or whatever. So the people must be given what they need,
even if they don't want it.

This involves a very high regard for policy experts and a very low opinion of
the political profession. Gruber clearly views his own world of policy as a
place of idealism and integrity.

Politics, in contrast, is a realm where "lack of transparency and "mislabeling
are sad necessities to persuade low-information voters to pursue their own
interests.

Purposely employing such tactics in an academic paper, for example, would be a
scandal (and presumably a firing offense) at Gruber's Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.

But liberal academics expect politicians to have greater cunning and lower
standards. In fact, academics depend upon the rougher talents of politicians to
turn their ideas into reality.

Politics, in this view, is the grubby business of winning in order to put the
proper technocrats in charge of large, complex systems. This assumes that
academic and bureaucratic elites know how to run the world.

It also relegates politicians to the job of doing their blocking and tackling,
even if involves deception. The moral goal justifies it all. "Look, said Gruber,
"I wish . . . we could make it all transparent, but I'd rather have this law
than not.

This reflects a deeper tension within progressivism - working itself out for
more than a century - between a belief in democracy and a faith in expertise.
Progressives originally assumed the people would choose to be ruled by experts -
that more direct democracy would lead to more professional administration.

But that now seems politically naive. So progressive elites are left believing
that the people are stupid and must be managed, like everything else, in the
public interest.

The success of this kind of progressivism depends on not being too obvious about
it. Which is where Obamacare has utterly failed. With its self-evidently false
promises - you can keep your current health-care plan - and its public displays
of incompetence, the system has become a symbol of progressive arrogance.

This perception has helped spark a massive, sustained populist reaction,
contributing to dramatic GOP gains in Congress and state legislatures. This does
not mean that Obamacare will be easily undone.

But it does provide conservatives an opportunity to present a different, more
idealistic vision of government: one that enables and empowers, not misleads and
controls.

Michael Gerson is a nationally syndicated columnist who appears in The
Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              463 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     January 23, 2001 Tuesday CITY EDITION

ALL OF AFRICA NEEDS TO SEE CONGO ERUPT IN PEACE

BYLINE: From The Economist magazine

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 674 words


The passing of Laurent Kabila from the Congolese presidency - and probably also,
despite all the confusion, from the wider world - will not be mourned by many.

Though hailed as a "new breed" of African leader, his path to power was a trail
of blood, and he ruled with all the venality, incompetence and arbitrariness of
the worst of the old breed.

Still, for anyone tempted to help the wretched people of Congo, it is much less
easy to say what should be done after the despot's demise than what should not.

The first action to be avoided is the sending of a U.N. intervention force. The
people of Congo richly deserve peace and stability. Their country has been
plundered for more than a century, first by Belgians, then by Africans.
Latterly, it has been torn by civil war.

By one reckoning last June, 1.7 million people had lost their lives as a direct
or indirect result of two years of fighting in eastern Congo alone. Many more
than that have been made refugees.

But Congo, a country the size of Alaska, Colorado and Texas put together, or
most of Western Europe, is no place for peacekeepers right now. Despite an
agreement signed in Zambia in July 1999 by all the parties to the civil war,
none has shown any zeal for peace.

The country is divided, with the east contested by various rebels supported by
Uganda and Rwanda, and the west only just under the sway of what has passed as
Kabila's government, a ragtag affair propped up by Angola, Namibia and Zimbabwe.

There is no peace to keep, and imposing one would be well nigh impossible for
outsiders in a country of numberless ethnic groups and almost no infrastructure.

The U.N. has difficulties enough with its force in Sierra Leone. Appeals for
intervention in Congo are utterly unrealistic.

Appeals to the governments of the neighbors sucked into Congo's war may,
however, be less so. However cynical they may remain, some at least are now
wearying of their involvement.

Uganda's role is not popular among its voters, who are due to take part in a
presidential election early in March. Zimbabwe's role is even less popular and,
more seriously, financially unsustainable in the world's fastest shrinking
economy, for all its talk of sending more men.

That does not mean all the neighbors will now turn away. Rwanda will remain
eager to deny the Hutus who were responsible for the 1994 genocide and are now
living in Congo the opportunity for any further killing.

And Angola may perhaps see an opportunity to assert itself as a regional
superpower, imposing a more biddable government and getting its hands on Congo's
oil and other mineral wealth.

Such an outcome would be little more palatable than Syria taking over Lebanon,
or Vietnam taking over Cambodia, and very much messier, given that the Angolan
government has yet to show that it can gain control of even its own territory.

Under the circumstances, it is tempting to think that Congo would be best left
to disintegrate. After all, some provinces, such as diamond-bearing East Kasai,
were in effect almost independent five years ago, at the end of Mobutu Sese
Seko's kleptocracy, and not doing badly. Unfortunately, most would probably
become the fiefs of thieves and warlords.

If the Congolese are not yet able to take control of their own destiny, and the
immediate neighbors are suspect, better then that benign outsiders should become
involved.

Africa's two other giants, South Africa and Nigeria, acting with other Africans,
the U.N. and as many rich countries as possible, should try to convene another
peace conference.

They should make it plain to Kabila's successor, whoever he turns out eventually
to be, that he will get no help unless he behaves better than Congo's past two
presidents. And they should at the same time put pressure on the neighboring
governments to stop their destructive meddling in Congo.

The war there blights the entire continent. For the sake of all Africans, not
just the Congolese, it is time to bring it to an end. Distributed by the New
York Times Syndicate.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

Downloading esoterica

BYLINE: Adam Cohen

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 707 words

ABSTRACT

There is talk about how the Internet is driving culture ever lower, but it also
makes a wealth of serious thinking available.

FULL TEXT

The Frankfurt School of philosophers emigrated from Nazi Germany and became
dyspeptic critics of American culture. Several landed in Southern California
where they were disturbed by the consumer culture and the gospel of relentless
cheeriness. Depressive by nature, they focused on the disappointments and
venality that surrounded them and how unnecessary it all was. It could be
paradise, Theodor Adorno complained, but it was only California.

These gloomy Germans were the subject of a recent edition of "In Our Time," a
popular BBC Radio 4 program that is gaining fans in the United States through
its free podcast, which is available on iTunes. It is hard to imagine a
mainstream American radio show devoting a full episode to the Frankfurt School,
but for "In Our Time," that was relatively light fare.

Recently, the show has delved into the 1692 Glencoe Massacre in Scotland and
aired a four-part series on the Royal Society, a scholarly institution
celebrating its 350th anniversary. It made the episode on "Silas Marner," George
Eliot's 1861 novel, seem frivolous.

There is a lot of talk about how the Internet is driving culture ever lower, but
it also makes a wealth of serious thinking available. From the comfort of home,
one can download free audio books by authors like Jane Austen and Joseph Conrad
and free podcasts of university lectures (openculture.com has an assortment of
both).

"In Our Time," a program on "the history of ideas," is in a class of its own.
Each week the host, Melvyn Bragg - a BBC veteran, whose Life Peerage makes him
Lord Bragg of Wigton - offers a panel of academic experts, with Oxford and
Cambridge heavily represented. The guests have titles like "associate professor
in philosophy and senior fellow in the public understanding of philosophy at the
University of Warwick." They talk about arcane topics from history, literature,
science and philosophy, throwing off casual asides on subjects like Sigmund
Freud's theory of "gain through illness" - the idea that people become neurotic
because it is useful to them.

Mr. Bragg doesn't spare the stage directions: Would you please tell us about
this? And We'll Get to That Later. But his careful questioning and quick wit
underlie the brilliance of "In Our Time" - its ability to draw in listeners on
subjects that they would not expect themselves to care much about, or perhaps
even to be able to tolerate.

I convinced a friend to start downloading the program when I mentioned an
interesting discussion of logical positivism. The next time I saw her, she told
me that she was hooked and that a new episode on the Siege of Munster - which
had popped up on my iPhone, but which I had not rushed to hear - was
surprisingly fascinating.

Intellectuals also talk about ideas on a second BBC Radio 4 program called
"Thinking Allowed," but its focus is "new research on how society works." The
host, Laurie Taylor, interviews professors and authors on subjects that are
contemporary and often a bit whimsical. There have been episodes on
acquaintances - people somewhere between strangers and friends - and a
phenomenon described as "laddish masculinity in higher education."

The discussions often involve scholarly inquiry into the minutiae of everyday
life, with special attention to the role of social class - a subject rarely
discussed in the American news media. On one, an inquiry into the sociology of
car behavior suggested that when two middle-class couples ride in a car, the
owners of the car are likely to sit in the front, with the second couple in the
back. When two working-class couples go for a drive, the men are likely to sit
in the front and the women in the back.

Making abstruse subjects accessible to nonexperts can be a challenge, something
Mr. Bragg, a self-proclaimed nonexpert, appreciates. "Thank you very much,
indeed, for bringing that down to us," he told the panel at the end of the show
on logical positivism.

After a brief pause, he announced the following week's topic: "The Ediacara
Biota, pre-Cambrian life forms, which vanished 542 million years ago - were they
the earliest form of life?"

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Adam Cohen is a member of the New York Times editorial board.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           February 24, 2007 Saturday

Review: Crime: Laura Wilson rounds up the month's best reads

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 618 words


Gone To Ground , by John Harvey (William Heinemann, £12.99)

This year, British author John Harvey will be the recipient of crime fiction's
special long-service award, the Cartier Diamond Dagger. His latest novel, Gone
To Ground , is well up to his usual high standard. When gay lecturer Stephen
Bryan is found battered to death, detectives think him the victim of a sexual
encounter gone fatally wrong. Stephen's sister disagrees, and when she discovers
he was working on a biography of 50s film star Stella Leonard, and that her
family will go to any lengths to stop the truth about her mysterious death
coming to light, both she and the police are drawn into a dangerous maelstrom of
power, wealth and confused emotions. Harvey is a master craftsman who
intricately dovetails plotlines and subtly ratchets up the tension. This is
classic stuff.

Nature Girl , by Carl Hiaasen (Bantam Press, £12.99)

Words like "wacky" and "screwball" are so regularly applied to Hiaasen's
Florida-based novels that the uninitiated would be forgiven for thinking them
the literary equivalent of the spinning bowtie. Not so: he is a genuinely funny
writer with a piercing eye for human vanity and venality; that said, you don't
have to be mad to be a Hiaasen character, but some level of mental derangement
is de rigueur. The characters in Nature Girl are variously delusional,
insufficiently medicated, concussed, dangerously pissed off and plain potty.
Bipolar Honey Santana is on a mission to rid the world of irresponsibility and
incivility. When an obnoxious telemarketeer calls in the middle of dinner, she
lures him into the mosquito-ridden Everglades to teach him some manners. Honey
is being stalked by her lust-crazed ex-employer, while hot on his trail is her
white-knight ex-husband. The result is beautifully orchestrated chaos, as the
various characters stumble towards the light or into a watery, gator-filled
grave.

A Greater Evil , by Natasha Cooper (Simon & Schuster, £17.99)

Sculptor Sam Foundling is the obvious suspect when his heavily pregnant wife is
discovered so badly beaten that she dies after her baby is delivered by
emergency Caesarean. Barrister Trish Maguire, who acted for Sam when he was at
the mercy of abusive foster-parents, wants to believe he is innocent, but her
attempts to help him cause a clash with her best friend, DCI Caro Lyalt, the
senior officer on the case. Maguire has problems on the home front, too: she and
her partner are working for opposite sides in a big-money case between two
corporations. One of these employed the murdered woman; the other, fearing that
domestic Chinese walls are not in place, threatens to remove its business.
Cooper is expert at detailing the effects of emotional crossfire. She turns her
penetrating but compassionate gaze on the duties of parents and those in loco
parentis, and on the complexity of loyalty and trust - at home and at work.

The Strangler, by William Landay (Bantam Press, £12.99)

Landay's second novel, which begins in 1963 with the news of Kennedy's death, is
set against a backdrop of wrecking balls, as Boston's old West End is razed.
Corruption abounds, a mob war is in full swing, and the eponymous strangler is
on the loose. The three Daley brothers, sons of a murdered Boston cop, work on
both sides of the law. The family drama - the stronger of the two storylines -
holds up a mirror to the outside world as the brothers become embroiled in
graft, personal tragedy and the mystery of their father's death, and loyalties
are stretched. The Strangler is a meaty, ambitious book, made all the more
powerful by an author unafraid to tackle the complexities of moral ambiguity.

Laura Wilson's latest novel is A Thousand Lies (Orion).

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                          November 23, 1996, Saturday

SBS chief attacks TV hatchet job

BYLINE: SCOTT ELLIS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 405 words


SBS managing director Malcolm Long yesterday launched a bitter attack against
the Nine Network over what he said was an "extraordinarily vindictive hatchet
job" on his network.

In a series of two Sunday programs prompted by a Daily Telegraph report earlier
this year, Nine claimed SBS had grossly mismanaged funds and staff and had
abandoned its ethnic audience.

Mr Long was personally accused of taking advantage of "perks" to secure two cars
for his personal use and a remuneration package worth $250,000 in a time when
the multicultural broadcaster was forced to make budget cuts.

Communications Minister Richard Alston expressed concern over the allegations
and called for an immediate response from SBS.

Yesterday, Mr Long said a detailed investigation including a report by SBS
auditors Deloitte Touche Tomatsu had cleared SBS.

"Let me make it clear that SBS has never claimed it is perfect nor that
individuals at SBS have not made mistakes, acted irresponsibly or even wrongly,"
he said.

"In any organisation of almost 1000 staff spending $100 million a year, things
sometimes do go wrong.

"But the allegations in the Sunday program were not really about isolated acts
of maladministration or different interpretations of the charter.

"They comprised a sustained and cleverly constructed scenario that SBS is
riddled with incompetence, financial venality and wrongheadedness and is acting
'illegally' regarding its charter as well.

"I believe SBS's response is a comprehensive and compelling document which
discredits this scenario."  Mr Long described Nine's reports as "sloppy and
shoddy", "appalling" and "Mickey Mouse journalism" before admitting one
allegation of a breach of financial procedures in the arrangement of facilities
for an Adelaide tennis tournament in 1995.

He also admitted it was true he had two cars as part of his salary package and
another executive who did not even have a driver's licence had been given a car
as part of hers. "This is in line with industry practice," he said.

Later, Senator Alston ruled out an independent inquiry into SBS operations.

He said the information he had seen so far satisfied most of his concerns.

In general, SBS had been doing a good job with a high level of product
satisfaction, he added.

"I have a keen interest that management processes are proper and I think those
proper processes have been followed," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              467 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E08

LENGTH: 1944 words


Another Brooklyn By Jacqueline Woodson (Amistad)

In this novel for adults by the celebrated YA writer, an anthropologist revisits
her old Brooklyn neighborhood and recalls her adolescence.

The Association of Small Bombs By Karan Mahajan (Viking)

A profoundly sad story about the friends and relatives who lose loved ones to a
terrorist bomb in New Delhi in 1996.

Barkskins By Annie Proulx (Scribner)

Proulx presents a thrilling, 300-year saga about the vast forests and the
rapacious timbermen who enabled the United States to conquer the world.

Behold the Dreamers By Imbolo Mbue              (Random House)

A man from Cameroon living in Harlem has his mind set on only one thing:
becoming a successful citizen of the United States - but his adoptive country is
determined to make that difficult.

The Book of Harlan By Bernice L. McFadden (Akashic)

A story about a pair of jazz musicians who travel from Harlem to Paris just
before the Nazi occupation.

Christodora By Tim Murphy (Grove/Atlantic)

This ambitious story tackles the legacy and costs of AIDS - from the first
reported cases to an imagined New York City of 2021.

Fixers

By Michael M. Thomas              (Melville House)

A former partner at Lehman Brothers spins an audacious financial thriller based
on real events - the 2008 financial crisis - that features cameos by Hillary
Clinton and Barack Obama. The novel juxtaposes the ideals of loyalty, service,
patriotism and noblesse oblige against the venality of contemporary Wall Street.

A Gentleman in Moscow By Amor Towles (Viking)

After the communists sentence Count Alexander Rostov to house arrest, he makes a
rich life for himself in a grand hotel near the Kremlin.

Ginny Gall By Charlie Smith (Harper)

In 1913, Delvin is born to a "good-time gal" in Chattanooga, Tenn., and is left
first to the care of an orphanage and then to a kindly undertaker, from whom he
learns the mechanics of death. A harrowing tale of survival in the Jim Crow
South.

The Girls By Emma Cline (Random House)

A woman looks back on her youthful involvement with a Charles Manson-like cult.
The most remarkable quality of this novel is Cline's ability to articulate the
anxieties of adolescence in gorgeously poetic language.

The Good Lieutenant By Whitney Terrell (Farrar Straus Giroux)

An addicting epic - narrated in reverse order - about a female soldier's effort
to recover the corpse of a kidnapped sergeant during the Iraq War.

Heat & Light By Jennifer Haigh (Ecco)

A Pennsylvania town is torn apart by the dirty business of fracking. The
brilliance of Haigh's novel is most evident in how effortlessly it portrays the
interconnectedness of the many constituencies involved in and affected by
extracting fuel by that method.

Here I Am By Jonathan Safran Foer (Farrar Straus Giroux)

An earthquake in the Middle East and an attack on Israel form the geopolitical
background for this saga about a family breaking apart in Washington.

High Dive By Jonathan Lee (Knopf)

A fictional reimagining of the Irish Republican Army's 1984 attempt to blow up
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet during the annual Conservative
Party conference in Brighton.

Homegoing By Yaa Gyasi (Knopf)

Starting in the mid-1700s and reaching to the present day, this story moves back
and forth between the descendants of two half-sisters born in Ghana: One is sold
into slavery and sent to America; the other marries a British governor and stays
behind.

Jerusalem By Alan Moore (Liveright)

At more than 1,200 pages, this phantasmagoric epic covers over 1,000 years in an
English town teeming with painters and prostitutes, would-be poets and biblical
demons who must reckon with the episodes of time slippage between their world
and a shadowy parallel realm.

LaRose By Louise Erdrich (Harper)

When a man accidentally kills his neighbors' 5-year-old son, he tries to make
amends by turning his own boy over to the grieving parents.

The Last Days of Night

By Graham Moore (Random House)

A historical novel about the battle between Thomas Edison and George
Westinghouse over the invention of the lightbulb.

Lily and the Octopus By Steven Rowley (Simon & Schuster)

Dog people will recognize many things in this humorous, heart-wrenching story
about a man and his 12-year-old dachshund with cancer.

The Little Red Chairs By Edna O'Brien (Little, Brown)

A handsome sex therapist fleeing international criminal charges moves to an
Irish village and draws a naive woman into his horrific past.

Miss Jane By Brad Watson (W.W. Norton)

Using language that is both candid and askew, Watson describes the quiet, often
solitary life of a girl born in 1915 in rural Mississippi with a genital defect.

Modern Lovers By Emma Straub (Riverhead)

In this witty novel, friends in Brooklyn are forced to take a hard look at their
relationships.

Moonglow By Michael Chabon (Harper)

An autobiographical novel based on the wild stories of intrigue and adventure
that the author's grandfather told as he was dying.

My Name Is Lucy Barton By Elizabeth Strout              (Random House)

Lucy Barton wakes in the hospital to find her estranged mother at the foot of
her bed. For the next five nights, the mother sits in a chair and tells Lucy
stories about her past.

The Nest By Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney (Ecco)

As the Plumb siblings are about to cash in the trust fund that will solve all
their problems, they discover that it has been almost depleted. A comic novel
about familial greed and affection.

The Nix By Nathan Hill (Knopf)

In this sprawling comic novel, after a woman is arrested for throwing gravel at
a Donald Trump-like presidential candidate, her long-estranged son attempts to
uncover her life story.

Nutshell By Ian McEwan (Nan A. Talese)

A preposterously weird little novel that's more brilliant than it has any right
to be: a modern-day crime of passion based on Shakespeare's "Hamlet," narrated
by a fetus

The Past By Tessa Hadley (Harper)

Four adult siblings arrive for what might be the final summer at their late
grandparents' place in the countryside. For anyone who cherishes the subtle
pleasure of Anne Tyler's and Alice Munro's novels.

Peacekeeping By Mischa Berlinski              (Sarah Crichton)

After losing his job as a deputy sheriff in Florida, Terry White begins training
police in Haiti for the United Nations. A galloping tragicomedy about the West's
good intentions gone awry.

The People in the Castle: Selected Strange Stories By Joan Aiken (Small Beer)

A best-of collection - with an introduction by Kelly Link - by the late British
master of supernatural fiction and children's literature.

Perfume River By Robert Olen Butler (Atlantic)

One brother accepted military service in Vietnam to earn his father's respect;
the other went to Canada. Now, decades later, those decisions and their father's
reaction still hang over a family.

The Stargazer's Sister By Carrie Brown (Pantheon)

A historical novel about Caroline Herschel, who worked as a stargazing companion
to her famous brother, the astronomer William Herschel.

The Story of Hong Gildong

Translated from the Korean by Minsoo Kang (Penguin)

A new translation of a story probably written around the middle of the 19th
century by an anonymous author about a nobleman's illegitimate son who becomes a
kind of Robin Hood.

Sudden Death By Ãlvaro Enrigue, translated by Natasha Wimmer (Riverhead)

The first of Enrigue's novels to appear in English imagines a tennis match
between the Spanish poet Francisco de Quevedo and the Italian painter
Caravaggio. World history gets bounced around just as much as the ball - made
from Anne Boleyn's hair.

The Summer Before the War By Helen Simonson              (Random House)

Anglophiles mourning the end of "Downton Abbey" will find solace in this novel
that begins in pre-World War I England and deftly observes the effect of war on
the staid Edwardian sensibilities of the coastal village of Rye.

Sweetbitter By Stephanie Danler (Knopf)

A delicious coming-of-age tale about a young woman hired as a back waiter at an
establishment clearly modeled on Union Square Cafe in New York.

Sweet Lamb of Heaven By Lydia Millet (W.W. Norton)

Hearing voices, a new mother flees with her baby to a seedy Maine hotel, where
she discovers the other guests hear voices, too. Part fast-paced thriller, part
quiet meditation on the nature of God.

Thomas Jefferson Dreams of Sally Hemings By Stephen O'Connor (Viking)

The most revolutionary reimagining of Jefferson's life ever: a colossal
postmodern novel that mixes time periods, voices and genres. It's often
baffling, possibly offensive and frequently bizarre, but always arrestingly
brilliant.

Today Will Be Different By Maria Semple (Little, Brown)

About to turn 50, a graphic artist who's chronically disappointed in herself is
trying hard to be better despite a "constant low-grade state of confusion."
Loopy, deeply and darkly funny, and brave.

To the Bright Edge of the World By Eowyn Ivey (Little, Brown)

It's 1885, and Col. Allen Forrester has been asked to lead a small group of
soldiers, trappers and Native Americans up the uncharted Wolverine River and
cross Alaska.

Valiant Gentlemen By Sabina Murray              (Grove/Atlantic)

A historical novel about Roger Casement, defender of indigenous rights in the
Congo and the Amazon, covert homosexual and eventual martyr to the cause of
Irish independence.

What Belongs to You By Garth Greenwell              (Farrar Straus Giroux)

Searching for anonymous sex in Bulgaria, a young American strikes up a fraught
friendship with a rakish drifter. In these poetic sentences, emotional
fearlessness is mated with extraordinary sensitivity to the tremors of regret.

What Is Not Yours Is Not Yours By Helen Oyeyemi (Riverhead)

A series of loosely connected, magically tinged tales about personal and social
justice. Built around the idea of keys, locks and magic doors, the stories cover
a wide territory - including mythology and fairy tales, and smartphones and
YouTube stars.

Wilde Lake By Laura Lippman              (William Morrow)

A new case dredges up painful memories for Lu Brant, the new state's attorney of
Howard County, Md. In what feels like Lippman's most personal novel, the book is
as much a legal drama as it is a tale of childhood and family life.

Winter By Christopher Nicholson (Europa)

This novel - revolving around a production in the mid-1920s of a play version of
"Tess of the d'Urbervilles" - closely follows the life of Thomas Hardy.

The Wonder By Emma Donoghue              (Little, Brown)

In the early 1860s, in a boggy town in central Ireland, an 11-year-old girl
refuses all food and stays in her cramped bedroom with her nurse. Skeptics
jokingly speculate that she must be living on scent alone. When pressed, the
pious girl confesses that she's surviving on manna from heaven.

The Year of the Runaways By Sunjeev Sahota (Knopf)

By following a handful of young Indian men in England, Sahota has captured the
plight of millions of desperate people struggling to find work, to eke out some
semblance of a decent life in a world increasingly closed-fisted and mean. This
is "The Grapes of Wrath" for the 21st century.

The Yid By Paul Goldberg (Picador)

A darkly playful historical novel about a ragtag acting troupe that sets out to
assassinate Stalin.

Your Heart Is a Muscle the Size of Your Fist

By Sunil Yapa (Lee Boudreaux)

An explosive story about several people caught on different sides of the Seattle
World Trade Organization protests in 1999.

Zero K By Don DeLillo (Scribner)

In his most funereal novel, DeLillo describes a wealthy man determined to save
his dying wife by keeping her frozen in cryonic suspension for millennia. The
trademark DeLillo themes are coolly updated for the Internet age.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   SEPTEMBER 26, 2003 Friday ADVANCE EDITION

'Resurrection Blues' a glimpse of Miller's twilight as playwright

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan INQUIRER THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. W34

LENGTH: 942 words


Even in these days of high unemployment, who would really want the thankless job
of the satirist?

The unrelieved absurdities of an everyday life strewn with the likes of the
California recall election and the Anna Nicole Show are demonstrably beyond
ridicule. The most outrageous proposition the satirist can dream up was probably
on last night's serving of reality television.

Among those who might still be willing to sign a union card with Local 101 of
the Brotherhood of Barb-tossers, Lampooners and Polemicists, the name of Arthur
Miller is surely the most improbable.

But here, at the age of 87, is the grand old man of American theater trying his
hand with Resurrection Blues, a scathing and scattershot dissection of what we
have become. And it's not as much of a stretch for him as you might initially
imagine.

Satire at its highest level - in works such as Jonathan Swift's A Modest
Proposal, which obviously served as inspiration for Miller's latest play - is an
intensely moral exercise. And Miller has already laid down an incontestable
claim as a voice of moral authority and responsibility in such landmarks of
20th-century drama as Death of a Salesman and The Crucible.

The world first saw Death of Salesman in 1949 when it premiered here at the
Locust Street Theater. The East Coast premiere of Resurrection Blues brings him
back a half-century later with a vision of unrelieved moral bankruptcy.

The piece, unfortunately, is schizoid in its effect, trying to meld a comic
denunciation of the countless venalities and hypocrisies of American life with
sequences of philosophical rumination and anguished cries over the path the
world has taken. Director Jiri Zizka and his cast are strong advocates for
Resurrection Blues, but they are not able to reconcile these conflicting
elements.

The play is set in an unnamed and chaotic Latin American republic that is
clearly supposed to reflect what has happened in this country, and the work is
at its best when Miller is in a directly satirical mode. These targets have been
lambasted by many others, but Miller writes with a bleak wit that belies his
sober reputation. He is immeasurably aided by Munson Hicks' bravura reading of
General Felix Barriaux, the delightfully amoral tyrant in nominal charge of a
rapidly disintegrating nation.

Barriaux's plan - and Miller's attempt to jolt the audience - is to crucify a
revolutionary leader, who may or may not be the new messiah. The execution will
be broadcast worldwide by an American media conglomerate, and Barriaux will
pocket a $25 million rights fee.

But once again, the nastiness of real life intrudes on the premise. Oklahoma
bomber Timothy McVeigh demanded that his execution be televised (the government
refused), and several lawsuits seeking camera access to the death chamber have
been filed over the last decade.

Miller's modest proposal is the stuff of a bracing sketch (perhaps on Saturday
Night Dead?), but hardly enough to sustain a full-length play. So he veers into
a world of magical realism and philosophical commentary - not a direction that
blends with the lighter, barbed moments of Resurrection Blues.

It's also a direction that places a heavy burden on the actors. In the satirical
sequences that open the play, they are the broadly drawn, cardboard cutouts they
need to be. But then some of the protagonists - notably Henri Schultz (Patrick
Husted), a wealthy businessman who serves as a lonely voice of reason and
conscience, and his revolutionary daughter Jeanine (Patricia Ageheim) - have to
scale down to the sudden shift in their roles for some emotional moments and
bitter recrimination. However, Miller hasn't given them enough depth to carry it
off.

One result is that instead of letting the audience reach the desired conclusion,
which is the art of the satirist, the actors hold forth on what it all means.
These serious moments are jarring and often redundant.

Zizka and set designer David P. Gordon frame the play artfully, in a way that
presents the scenes as if they were on a split movie screen. It underlines the
haves and have-not separation, both political and personal, that is one of
Miller's recurring themes.

The actors who are granted a measure of consistency - Hicks; Douglas Rees as a
stoned, been-there-smoked-that ex-hippie and disciple of the condemned man; and
Doug Wert as a media hustler - have the most impact.

In the face of the madness they represent, Miller suggests we ultimately have
only the solace of loved ones. "There is nothing left but family" is a resonant
line.

And it's a strange one, given that its source is the man who told us in his
first great triumph, All My Sons, "Once and for all you must know there's a
universe of people outside and you're responsible to it."

Resurrection Blues isn't a major addition to Miller's peerless achievements, but
no one interested in his work and how he views this sorry world in the twilight
of a distinguished career should miss it.

Contact theater critic Desmond Ryan at 215-854-5614 or dryan@phillynews.com.

Resurrection Blues

Written by Arthur Miller, directed by Jiri Zizka, settings by David P. Gordon,
costumes by Janus Stefanowicz, lighting by Jerold R. Forsyth.

The cast: Munson Hicks (Barriaux), Patrick Husted (Schultz), Gretchen Egolf
(Emily), Doug Wert (Skip), Patricia Ageheim (Jeanine), Douglas Rees (Stanley),
William Zielinski (Phil), Miriam Ameena Hyman (Sarah), Lindsay Smiling
(Captain).

Playing at: Wilma Theater, Broad and Spruce Streets, Philadelphia, through Oct.
26. Tickets are $9 to $48. Information: 215-546-7824 or www.wilmatheater.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Theater Review

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Munson Hicks and Gretchen Egolf star in Arthur Miller's satire at the Wilma
Theater. Hicks plays the leader of a disintegrating Latin nation - a commentary
on American life.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 11, 1986, Wednesday, Final Edition

Lawmakers Seek Punishment of NASA Officials

BYLINE: By Michael Isikoff and Kathy Sawyer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 934 words


Key members of Congress angrily attacked NASA yesterday for what one called a
"cult of arrogance" and "conceit" that led to the Jan. 28 shuttle accident and
called for punishment of agency officials found by the presidential commission
to have been responsible for the disaster.

As House and Senate committees began hearings on the Challenger explosion and
the nation's crippled space program, members acknowledged that they had failed
in their oversight responsibilities and pledged to place the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration under tougher scrutiny as it tries to carry
out the sweeping changes urged by the commission.

Members of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee pressed
commission Chairman William P. Rogers for the names of NASA officials
responsible for the management and communications breakdowns highlighted in the
commission report released Monday.

Representatives and senators also questioned Rogers about the prospect of
criminal negligence charges against agency officials. Sen. Ernest F. Hollings
(D-S.C.) alleged that one official -- Lawrence B. Mulloy, former head of the
solid rocket booster program at Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala.
-- was guilty of "willful gross negligence."

"There is this whole culture that grew up in NASA . . . this cult of arrogance,
of hubris, of conceit -- that they knew it all," said Rep. James H. Scheuer
(D-N.Y.), during a House Science and Technology Committee meeting. "How do you
change this?"

"I think we need something a little stronger in terms of assurances that these
individuals will not be allowed to participate in any material way in NASA
decisions in the future," said Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. (D-Mich.).

Rogers, former secretary of state and attorney general and once a prosecutor in
New York, said the failure was in the system. "I'm not sure picking out any
scapegoat and prosecuting would serve the national interest," he said.

Rogers agreed that individuals at fault in the Challenger accident should be
held to account, but said the matter should be left to the NASA administrator.

"I don't believe there was any venality here and I really don't believe there
was any gross negligence," Rogers said. "It's not beyond the realm of
possibility that some ambitious prosecutor might try to do that [bring criminal
charges]. But I don't believe it would be successful and I don't think it would
be in the national interest."

Mulloy, who was singled out in the report for misleading the commission,
disputed those charges in brief comments yesterday to the Associated Press in
Huntsville. "I can assure you I told the truth when I testified, without knowing
what the exact testimony was," he said.

As for further comment, he said: "I'll decide later when there's something to
talk about."

At another point yesterday, Hollings angered Rogers with repeated questions
about a persistent rumor that the White House had pressured NASA to launch in
time for President Reagan to mention the mission in his State of the Union
address, which was scheduled for the evening of Jan. 28.

Rogers first responded that in hundreds of interviews under oath, "the answers
without exception were 'nothing like that happened.' "

When Hollings pressed the matter, Rogers, his voice rising, challenged Hollings
to produce evidence or stop repeating the rumor.  "There isn't one scintilla of
evidence . . . . If you can prove it, I'll come back here and apologize."

The harsh criticism of NASA, coming from two committees that have been among the
agency's biggest boosters, marked what some called the beginning of a more
distant relationship between the space agency and Congress. Some members noted
that launch schedule pressure, cited by the commission as a major contributing
cause of the accident, had been accepted and in some cases encouraged by
Congress as part of an effort to make the shuttle self-supporting.

"There was a fairly significant failure by the people who were providing policy
direction to NASA," said Rep. Robert S. Walker (R-Pa.).

While most members praised the Rogers commission for pinpointing causes of the
Challenger accident, there was concern expressed that some of its
recommendations -- such as vertical test firings of a new solid rocket booster
and an emergency escape system in the orbiter crew cabin -- could crimp the
agency's plans to resume shuttle flights in July 1987.

Vertical test firings, for example, would cost $15 million to $20 million and
take more than 15 months, one knowledgeable congressional staffer said. This
would require a mammoth new 200-foot test stand to support an elevated
upside-down booster rocket that weighs 1.3 million pounds and generates 2.5
million pounds of thrust.

"Vertical test firing is going to be a lot of trouble and be very expensive,"
said the staffer, who asked not to be identified. "There's no existing test
stand that you could do this at."

Rep. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), chairman of the House space subcommittee, said
yesterday that the vertical tests alone could take "upwards of two years" and
pressed commission Vice Chairman Neil A. Armstrong about whether the panel
thought they were feasible.

"I am prepared to do what is reasonable to ensure the safety of the shuttle,"
Nelson, who flew on the shuttle last January, said in an interview yesterday.
"But if making it safe means you never fly again . . . then what you need to do
is balance the need to get back in space . . . .

"Will NASA be nitpicked to death and never fly again?" he added. "We ought to be
raising that question.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Commission Chairman William P. Rogers and Vice Chairman Neil
A. Armstrong testify before House committee. The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              470 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 23, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

Learning From Our Mistakes

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 235 words


Thanks and a discreet sigh of relief for The Post's increasingly judgmental
coverage of the Nixon legacy, including Howard Kurtz's media critique [Style,
May 2] and Joel Achenbach's replay of the Watergate tapes [Style, May 4].

A certain graciousness becomes serious former opponents like The Post, former
senator George McGovern and President Clinton. For an ordinary citizen whose
life Richard Nixon touched primarily through Watergate, however, the anger
remains.

At a one-person office in 1972-73, I followed the Senate hearings on radio
pretty much in their entirety. The sense of venality and contempt for
representative government that emerged from the White House testimony remains
vivid in memory. The feeling, widespread at the time, that the republic was in
danger from its leaders still seems to me to have been valid. Because it could
happen again, the media do a disservice, to young people especially, with a
too-balanced assessment of the Nixon administration.

The Declaration of Independence catalogues George III's abuses of power not to
denounce the man but to stress that a free people may not tolerate a ruler who
forgets that power derives from the consent of the governed. Our public memory
simply cannot afford an evenhanded benediction of a president who, while
invoking God's blessing on democracy, nearly succeeded in trashing it.

ROBERT L. MILLER

Washington

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              471 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                February 7, 2014
                                 First Edition

Triumph of the underdog;
An uplifting tale of underdogs in Dallas

BYLINE: Geoffrey Macnab

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 845 words


DALLAS BUYERS CLUB (15) Jean-Marc Vallée, 117 mins Starring: Matthew
McConaughey, Jared Leto, Jennifer Garner *****

Film of the Week

Dallas Buyers Club is a truly contradictory affair: a rousing crowd-pleaser
dealing with the most downbeat subject imaginable - a man contracting HIV and
slowly dying of an Aids-related condition. Summed up like that, it sounds
impossibly grim. What makes the film so special is its sense of defiance and its
scabrous humour. The main characters here simply don't accept their role as
victims, Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey) least of all.

Like other former juvenile leads who have appeared in too many romantic
comedies, McConaughey has been consistently underestimated as an actor. Here, he
gives an astonishing performance that combines sleaziness and venality with
grace and pathos.

The director, Jean-Marc Vallée, previously best known to British audiences for
the pallid, Julian Fellowes-scripted costume drama The Young Victoria (2009),
brings a grittiness and morbid humour to the storytelling here that, early on,
evokes memories of Bob Rafelson's Five Easy Pieces.

When we first encounter McConaughey's Ron, he is having frenzied, unprotected
sex in a darkened stall at a Texas rodeo. The scene is shot in a furtive,
voyeuristic way. From the corner of his eye, he sees a sad-faced rodeo clown - a
harbinger of troubles ahead. Moments later, Ron is fleeing angry cowboys he
appears to have fleeced. It's 1985. With his rakishly lean frame and moustache,
Ron may look like a member of camp disco group Village People but he is
rampantly homophobic. "Rock Hudson was a cocksucker!" he exclaims early on when
he learns of Hudson's homosexuality. He likes women, beer, drugs and
pornography. His language is colourful but obscene. "That shit is purer than a
preacher's daughter's pussy," is how he describes the cocaine he is trying to
sell to a friend.

Ron is an electrician who lives in a trailer park. When he first learns of his
HIV diagnosis and is given 30 days to get his affairs in order, he reacts with
utter astonishment. "I ain't no faggot," he roars at the doctor, telling him his
blood must have been mixed up with some "daisy puller's". Any prospect of a
dignified death looks remote. His friends are as homophobic as he is - and
quickly begin to shun him. He doesn't have much money but is desperate to get
hold of AZT, the only drug he thinks can help him. The screenplay, by Craig
Borten and Melissa Wallack, reverses the trajectory of the typical terminal
illness film. Its darkest and most upsetting moments come early on, when Ron
struggles, and fails, to come to terms with his condition.

There are some overlaps with the excellent recent documentary How to Survive a
Plague, which showed how, during the early days of the Aids epidemic, gay and
lesbian activists stood up to politicians and pharmaceutical companies. Ron
becomes the unlikely leader in a battle with the medical establishment,
represented by the FDA - the Food and Drug Administration. He reads up on the
science and challenges the received medical establishment wisdom about AZT, a
drug he soon decides is toxic.

Dallas Buyers Club can hardly be described as a comedy but Ron and his business
partner, the HIV-positive Rayon (Jared Leto), make a memorable odd couple. One
is a macho Texas redneck and the other a Marc Bolanobsessed transgender woman.
The tone is beautifully struck. The film-makers neither trivialise the plight of
the protagonists nor do they slip into mawkishness. On one level, this is a
story about good old American entrepreneurialism. Ron and Rayon are hustlers who
understand market forces. They realise that they can supply legal drugs and
vitamin supplements that HIV sufferers need and want. By setting up a club, they
avoid having to sell on the streets.

Leto is a revelation as Rayon - a strange mess of contradictions: self-reliant
yet vulnerable, full of common sense yet self-destructive. Vallée doesn't shrink
from Rayon looking ravaged by illness and drug abuse, her skin blotchy and her
eyes heavy. But, with her wig, rouge and high cheek bones, she has her
glamour-queen moments.

Doctors and FDA officials, however, are portrayed as vindictive and petty, when
they have no particular reason to be so. And the relationship between Ron and
kindhearted doctor Eve (an engaging Jennifer Garner) appears contrived and goes
nowhere in particular. It's as if the film-makers are desperate to include a
conventional romantic sub-plot but don't know how to do it.

Ron's libido is on the wane, and his lothario days largely behind him. Even so,
his swagger never quite deserts him. It's a testament to McConaughey's charisma
that Ron seems more heroic than absurd, even when wandering around town with a
drip attached to his arm or walking down a hospital corridor in a cowboy hat but
no underwear.

Dallas Buyers Club is based on a true story. It deals with illness and imminent
death. At the same time, it's thoroughly uplifting to watch, in the way of the
best tales about underdogs fighting back against overwhelming odds.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2014 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             March 5, 1994 Saturday

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BENTLEY D

LENGTH: 758 words


KEYWORD-HIT COURIER Sat news PG 6 Sex scandals? Our politicians don't have a
sporting chance T HAT'S quite enough about former Sports Minister Ros Kelly for
one year. She has been caught pork-barrelling and forced to resign her
portfolio. Her discomfiture has been mildly entertaining, but the issue has
become stale. Frankly, I have never fully understood what the fuss was about.
Don't all politicians fling money around marginal electorates? Call me naive,
but I thought that sort of thing amounted to standard operational procedure.
Best thing about the fracas was its title. Sports rhymes with rorts. It makes an
easy-to-remember slogan. Calling it an affair was another stroke of inspiration.
The word ""affair" suggested a certain lip-smacking venality. Particularly when
the subject of the jibe happened to be a blonde bombshell of sorts. If anything,
this suggests to me that what Dr Hewson and the media really craved was an
all-out sex scandal. Other countries enjoy them almost as a matter of routine.
In Australia, we have to make do with sports rorts. Political peccadillos
scarcely rate a mention. What do we have? Some unsubstantiated innuendo
concerning the warmth of John Gorton's relationship with a wiggly female staff
member; some gossip about a well-known parliamentarian said to have expired,
literally, on the job; a tantalising mystery surrounding Malcolm Fraser's
trouser-less entrance at a hotel in Memphis, Tennessee; Bob Hawke's hard-won
sobriquet as the Bedroom Bandicoot. Some months ago, while researching a piece
on Keith Wright's dastardly doings, I wondered aloud, more than once, why no one
in parliament had seen fit to unmask the libidinous would-be Queensland premier.
The answer almost always went as follows: people in glass houses don't throw
stones. In other words, Australian politicians turn a blind eye to the
occasional indiscretion _ providing no one blows the whistle on them. This is a
very European convention, wouldn't you say _ quite unlike American politics
where presidential candidates submit to vetting only marginally less vigorous
than Vatican elimination heats for pope. Perhaps political puritanism in the US
owes its genesis to the 80s, when greed was good and US voters became
justifiably alarmed by the notion of a leader who behaved as appallingly as his
electorate. By 1988, one candidate was already campaigning with the slogan: You
Can't Run For President With Your Fly Open. Personal integrity _ an almost
forgotten quality _ became a leadership prerequisite. Guile and rat cunning
might still have their place but, first and foremost, a fellow had to pass the
Zipper Test, as it became known. In the end, Bill Clinton scraped into the Oval
Office _ albeit with the distinctly unstatesmanlike nicknames Slick Willie and
Mr Beef, following an ageing cabaret artiste's revelations about a long-running
affair of the loins. All fairly tame, really. As a stud, Slick Willie is just a
boy compared with John F. Kennedy, whose paramours included a mafia moll, Dwight
D. Eisenhower, who more than liked his wartime driver and mistress Kay
Summersby, and Franklin D. Roosevelt, who maintained a 30-year liaison with Lucy
Mercer Rutherford. Dare I go on: Thomas Jefferson became the third president in
1801 despite published accusations of seducing two married women and keeping a
slave mistress. Newspaper reports said he'd fathered at least five children.
Jefferson disdained public denials, preferring voters to ""judge me by what they
see of my conduct on the stage where they have placed me". Or Grover Cleveland
who, in the wake of reports that he had sired a bastard son, was beset by
hecklers shouting ""Ma, Ma, Where's my Pa?" (Supporters were eventually able to
reply: ""Gone to the White House, ha, ha, ha", but it was touch and go for a
while.) A role model for damage control if not birth control, Grover
acknowledged his illegitimate son and cabled party leaders: ""Above all, tell
the truth" . . . advice which might be taken up by one or two of Australia's
parliamentary fathers. To their credit, Australian politicians apparently steer
clear of the more bizarre pastimes you read about in the British press. Tory MP
Stephen Milligan, for instance, died wearing women's stockings and suspenders
while indulging in a spot of auto-erotic asphyxiation. It is difficult to
imagine an Australian politician engaging in exotic hanky panky of that sort . .
. though, given the convention of silence, one never can tell . . . FRANKLIN D.
Roosevelt . . . a 30-year affair.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF HEAD SHOT OF FRANKLIN D ROOSEVELT

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1994 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              473 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 March 25, 2009

Hallmark TV Chief Henry Schleiff On His Network's Programming: 'It's Very
Formulaic. That's Our Brand'

LENGTH: 559 words


"People are looking for predictability," said Henry Schleiff.

It was the afternoon of Tuesday, March 24, and Mr. Schleiff the chief of the
Hallmark Channel&mdash;that warm and fuzzy media outlet beloved by good,
church-going citizens far, far away from the venality of American coastal
life&mdash;was addressing a roomful of reporters at the network&rsquo;s upfront
presentation in New York.

A year ago, the network hosted the annual event touting their upcoming slate of
entertainment in a large room at The Modern, Danny Meyer&rsquo;s stylish
restaurant at MoMA. Before the presentation, reporters were treated to a private
tour of the museum&rsquo;s collection.

This year, in keeping with the somber times, the festivities were scaled down a
bit. About a dozen reporters and company executives sat around a table in a
private room at the back of the Primehouse restaurant on Park Avenue South and
sipped on modest glasses of wine.

Around 1 p.m., in the absence of a podium, Mr. Schleiff, turned around his seat
at the head of the table, rested his hand on the back of the chair, and
addressed the room.

These are unpredictable times, said Mr. Schleiff. Will you lose you job? Will
your family collapse into poverty? Will you end up destitute and heartbroken? In
2009, who really knows.

During unpredictable times, he continued, people want predictable entertainment.
With Hallmark, he said, you know exactly what you&rsquo;re getting.

Will you find a Hallmark original movie airing at 9 p.m. on a Saturday night?
Yes. Will it be heartwarming? Definitely. Will the handsome male lead and the
attractive female actress who cross paths in the first act consummate their love
(just as you suspected!) in time for the uplifting denouement? Absolutely.

"It&rsquo;s very formulaic," said Mr. Schleiff. "That&rsquo;s our brand.

While other media companies were thrashing around in a tumultuous, confusing sea
of unpredictability, the Hallmark Channel was thriving with the television
equivalent of comfort food, according to  Mr. Schleiff. In the coming year, the
network would be debuting 35 original movies, he said, including such
benevolently titled fare as Love Takes Wing, Safe Harbor, and Love Finds a Home.

Towards the end of his presentation, Mr. Schleiff announced that the Hallmark
Movie Channel had forged a partnership with NYU's Tisch film school. Students
would compete to create Hallmark-appropriate material, said Mr. Schleiff,
"anything that celebrates or uplifts the human spirit."

Alec Baldwin has signed on as a judge.

Are NYU film students temperamentally capable of creating uplifting stories
devoid of hipster references and edgy stylistic tics?

For any film student interested in putting aside the Fellini and instead looking
to, say, Angela Lansbury for inspiration, Mr. Schleiff himself may serve as a
role mo.

After all, before joining the family-friendly Hallmark Channel, Mr. Schleiff
spent years dreaming up less than wholesome programming (including, once, a
potential reality series about Jeffrey Dahmer) as an provocative TV executive,
first at HBO and later at Court TV.

Around, 1:15 Mr. Schleiff wrapped up his presentation. Afterwards, he sat at the
table, answered reporters&rsquo; questions about his predictable, sanitary,
thriving network and happily tucked into a Kansas City steak.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

However Heavy It Gets, Wear a Crown Lightly

BYLINE: By MANOHLA DARGIS

SECTION: Section E; PT1; Column 4; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; FILM
REVIEW; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1323 words


Is there something in the air, say, the stench of death and decline of empire,
to have inspired the recent spate of films about imperial power? Fashionistas of
course are already worshiping at the altar of ''Marie Antoinette,'' with its
title bubblehead and hollow charms, while Forest Whitaker devotees are savoring
the outre venality of Idi Amin in the rather too enthusiastically entertaining
''Last King of Scotland.'' Those who think more crowned heads should have rolled
in the 18th century, in the meantime, can cozy up to ''The Queen,'' a sublimely
nimble evisceration of that cult of celebrity known as the British royal family.
(It opens the New York Film Festival tonight at Lincoln Center and in theaters
tomorrow.)

Directed by Stephen Frears from a very smart script by Peter Morgan, who helped
write ''The Last King of Scotland,'' also about crazy rulers and the people who
love (and hate) them, ''The Queen'' pries open a window in the House of Windsor
around the time of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, blending fact with
fiction. It begins just days before her fatal car crash in 1997, when the
princess, glimpsed only in television news clips and photographs, had completely
transformed into Diana, the onetime palace prisoner turned jet-setting divorcee.
The transformation was fit for a fairy tale: the lamb had been led to slaughter
(cue Madonna's ''Like a Virgin'') and escaped in triumph (crank the Material
Girl's ''Bye Bye Baby''). Elizabeth II wore the crown, but it was Diana who now
ruled.

How heavy that crown and how very lightly Helen Mirren wears it as queen. With
Mr. Frears's gentle guidance, she delivers a performance remarkable in its art
and lack of sentimentalism. Actors need to be loved, but one of Ms. Mirren's
strengths has always been her supreme self-confidence that we will love the
performance no matter how unsympathetic the character. It takes guts to risk our
antipathy, to invite us in with brilliant technique rather than bids for
empathy. Even Mr. Whitaker's Idi Amin seems to shed some tears. Ms. Mirren's
queen sheds a few too, but having climbed deep inside Elizabeth II, a vessel as
heavily fortified as a gunship, she also coolly takes her character apart from
the inside out, piece by machined piece.

This toughness is bracing, at times exhilarating, and it also reminds you of
just how very good a director Mr. Frears can be; certainly it's a relief after
the shameless pandering in his last venture, ''Mrs. Henderson Presents.'' The
new film serves as a return to form for the director not only of ''Dangerous
Liaisons'' and ''The Grifters,'' both of which share with ''The Queen'' an
interest in toxic tribal formations, but also of more freewheeling ensemble
entertainments like ''Sammy and Rosie Get Laid.'' The focus in ''The Queen''
remains fixed on Elizabeth and her relationship with the newly elected prime
minister, Tony Blair (Michael Sheen), but it also finds room for a host of
smaller, precisely realized characters, each adding daubs of gaudy or grim
color.

The secondary characters prove especially crucial because it's through their
dealings with the queen, their awe and boobishness (including James Cromwell's
dim-bulb Prince Philip), that we start to get a handle on her. A creature of
history and ritual, Elizabeth might have been born in another century (or on
another planet), a point Mr. Morgan lays out on the page and which Mr. Frears
illustrates with lapidary attention to visual detail. Much of the story takes
place inside Buckingham Palace and at Elizabeth's Scottish estate Balmoral,
sepulchers in which the royals have shut themselves up with their servants and
riches. Certainly the Queen Mother (Sylvia Syms) seems half-dead already, her
carefully planned funeral almost an afterthought. It's no wonder the outside
world seems so intrusive, even when its knocks are delivered by white glove.

Diana's death interrupts Elizabeth's sleep in more ways than one: a gentle hand
comes knocking, and in time so does the rest of the world, which takes to the
abbreviated life of Our Lady of Televised Confession with passion that in time
borders on the religious, the hysterical, the mad. Shortly after Prince Charles
(Alex Jennings, both sniveling and sly) brings Diana's body back from Paris, the
queen retreats to Balmoral without comment, not a hair on her tightly coiffed
head out of place. Her stubborn quiet only fuels the clamorous sorrow of the
public, which lays thousands of bouquets before Buckingham Palace, gestures of
mourning that turn into a veritable barricade as overt in menace and purpose as
the upturned paving stones of the French Revolution.

The ensuing crisis of confidence solidifies Blair's power, bringing the monarchy
one step closer to the oblivion it deserves. As Elizabeth strides around
Balmoral in tweeds and sensible shoes, back in London Blair undergoes a
metamorphosis of his own, becoming the official voice of healing.

Eager to please his masters, queen and public both, he makes the most of Diana's
death, setting his stamp on the next decade. His wife (Helen McCrory) can only
cast an increasingly leery eye at his performance of grief. (Oh, to be a fly on
that household wall.) She may not yet know it, but this is a battle, and she's
loosing: Blair doesn't just mourn Diana; he all but becomes a new sacrament,
offering up his own touchy-feely persona for public consumption with smiles and
moist eyes. There is something appealingly puppyish about the prime minister's
buzzing excitement as the crisis reaches its apex: he's seizing the day like a
bone. But like all dogs Blair needs someone to bring him to heel, and while
Elizabeth's authority is more ceremonial than actual, she and he play their part
in the pantomime of power.

It's this pantomime that fascinates Mr. Frears, who unmasks it as much as he
does the queen, whose dusting of face powder and glazed stare pointedly evoke
another, earlier, Elizabeth. Yet if the director shows us the woman beneath the
Kabuki-like facade, it's not to transform her into a softie, hankie at the
ready; it's to strip away the mystique that once shored up the monarchy's real
power and now merely serves as a fig leaf for its spoils.

Diana consecrates Blair, but so does Elizabeth, whose bafflement at the
sharing-and-caring of ''the people,'' as she calls them, almost marks her for
extinction. Her slow-dawning realization of the cultural shift that had already
changed the country is beautifully realized, though not because the actress and
her director mistake the queen's intelligence for sentiment. Elizabeth no more
likes Diana after death than before. When the queen does break her silence, as
we know she will, having watched the moment on television once upon a time, it
isn't because of this vexing young woman. It's because Elizabeth, standing alone
in the Scottish countryside, Mr. Frears's camera hovering close and then moving
off to take in the glorious view, has finally understood not only the
implications of her past but also those of the present.

  ''The Queen'' is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned). There is some tart
language.

The Queen
Plays tonight at the New York Film Festival; opens commercially tomorrow.

Directed by Stephen Frears; written by Peter Morgan; director of photography,
Affonso Beato; edited by Lucia Zucchetti; music by Alexandre Desplat; production
designer, Alan Macdonald; produced by Christine Langan, Tracey Seaward and Andy
Harries; released by Miramax Films. Running time: 103 minutes. Shown tonight at
8:15 at Alice Tully Hall and at 9 at Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center,
Manhattan, the opening night of the 44th New York Film Festival.

WITH: Helen Mirren (the Queen), Michael Sheen (Tony Blair), James Cromwell
(Prince Philip), Sylvia Syms (the Queen Mother), Alex Jennings (Prince Charles),
Helen McCrory (Cherie Blair), Roger Allam (Sir Robin Janvrin) and Tim McMullan
(Stephen Lamport).


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Helen Mirren as Queen Elizabeth II in Stephen Frears's new
film. (Photo by Laurie Sparham/Miramax Films)(pg. E1)
 Royal observation of flowers for the people's princess: Helen Mirren as Queen
Elizabeth II and James Cromwell as Prince Philip in ''The Queen.'' (Photo by
Laurie Sparham/Miramax Films)(pg. E8)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              475 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 March 14, 2004 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Poetic justice for an outspoken soul

BYLINE: NORMA WATKINS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 878 words


For over a month during the holidays, I couldn't speak. I don't mean that I was
hoarse; I was voiceless, silent, mute. Reduced to pointing and whispering.

Each Thanksgiving, our friend Bob hosts an outdoor celebration. This year he
asked if I would write an ode against the AARP, which had, by  its support,
helped assure the passage of the Medicare prescription drug bill.

With a cold coming on, I got up in front of 50 people and sang - no, shouted -
the following, twice, to a kind of bastardized tune of The Star-Spangled Banner:

Oh, Say can you see

How the AARP

Sold us down the river

Through venality.

We're dupes of big drugs

Unable to plea

That hole in the doughnut

Leads to penury.

Then I led a couple of rousing choruses of:

We don't want no stinking AARP

We don't need no stinking AARP

And we burned the little paper membership cards I'd made up on the computer with
matches I passed around. The children particularly got into the pyromania. I was
so pleased with myself.

The next day, in some kind of instant retribution, I couldn't speak.

People reacted in various ways. Some were sympathetic, which I appreciated. A
few whispered back, and a few shouted trying to force me, by example, to speak
up. My friend Patricia couldn't stand to be around me. She said that just
listening to me whisper gave her strep throat. Marilyn chided me as if I were
trying some childish prank and should cut it out. P.B. affirmed my noble
Buddhist silence. Her husband Ron, who seldom says much even though he can, said
that I was fortunate: "Talk long enough and you'll say something bad."

At Christmas in Connecticut, my daughter said I made her house seem like a place
filled with secrets. On the airplane coming home, the flight attendant visibly
recoiled when I mouthed: "I can't speak, but I'd like cranberry juice."

It's amazing how much you can accomplish with no voice. I mouthed "locker,
please" at the gym. I shopped, presented my credit card and a silent "thank you"
at the grocery. The hardest part was not being able to answer the phone. Les
taped a message for me to use when someone called. In his booming maleness:
"This is Norma - not her voice, of course, but she's on the line. If you'd like
to say something, go ahead."

My sister has a friend who had a thyroid operation as a child, which paralyzed
her vocal cords. When she calls people, whispering into the receiver, they think
it's an obscene call and hang up. Or they say, "I haven't got time for this
foolishness," while she whispers helplessly, "It's not foolishness."

For more complicated messages, I managed by whispering what I wanted to say to
Les and letting him pass my words along. Sometimes he misheard or wouldn't do
it, and my whispers grew desperate. Then he'd say: "You're getting hysterical,"
and I'd hiss furiously, "How can you be hysterical when you can't make a sound?"

It was frustrating listening to him tell stories. I realized that in our regular
relationship, I'm the color commentary. He gives the bare bones, and I add what
people were wearing, the expressions on their faces, and what they were really
thinking.

One night at dinner, I heard him give a completely fabricated version of a juice
fast we both tried. In his version, it was a splendid experience; he never
thought about food; and it just goes to show that most hunger is psychological.
In reality, he was grumbling by the end of the first day. Saying how bad he felt
and what a terrible idea this was by the second. He threatened to quit on the
third and did quit on the fourth, with the excuse that he needed to eat for a
plane trip. When I complained in what he dubbed my "hysterical whisper," he said
it didn't matter whether it was true or not; it was his reality.

In early January, after more than a month without speaking, I finally got in to
see the ear, nose and throat doctor. He numbed my nose and throat to suppress
the gag reflex, and worked what looked like 2 feet of segmented steel with a
light on the end, through my nose and down to take a look at my vocal cords. Say
"eeeee." I gave him my best "eeeee."

"You have inflamed vocal cords and the condition will gradually go away. But
you'll need to see a speech therapist. After being silent so long, the muscles
change and, unless you fix it, you'll never speak normally again."

My voice returned, slowly, hesitantly, the low notes before the high. If I speak
in deep, measured tones, I sound hoarse but almost normal. If I get excited and
my voice rises, I squeak like a teenager.

Today, I saw Maureen, the speech therapist. She said I would be prone to
laryngitis for the rest of my life. My vocal cords, instead of flowing softly as
they should, rub against one another like sandpaper. She wrote out a list of dos
and don'ts.

I'm to avoid caffeine, alcohol and acidic foods. I should massage my larynx for
five minutes a day (it feels as odd as it sounds). I'm to gargle with saltwater,
drink more plain water, and never, under any circumstances, shout. So much for
my favorite way to fight.

It has been one of those life lessons people are always saying is so good for
you. Like the universe sending me a message: Shut up.

Freelance writer Norma Watkins is a frequent contributor to Sunday Journal.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SUNDAY JOURNAL

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              476 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                January 15, 1984

Diversion on the road to morality

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1291 words

HIGHLIGHT: Christopher Reed catalogues the corruption in Mexico


WHEN Hernando Cortes and his Spanish conquistadores landed in Mexico in 1519,
the Aztec emperor Montezuma's first reaction was to offer the intruders bribes
of gold and silver to go away.  Cortes took the gifts but stayed to conquer
anyway.

Corruption and venality have been a Mexican tradition ever since.  In recent
decades, successive presidents have begun office by promising a clean-up, but
the temptations of a single six-year term with almost monarchical powers have
proved too much.  Many presidents have preferred to join the corrupt system than
to beat it.

Now, Mexicans and their foreign creditors are wondering if President Miguel de
la Madrid might just possibly be the first leader to keep his promise of "moral
renovation." We have yet to see, but during his first year of office there has
certainly been plenty of action.

Some of it would fit well into a Hollywood gangster film of the 1930s.  Events
include the imprisonment of a millionaire on fraud charges, the kidnapping of
one trade union leader, and the murder of another, gambling excursions to Las
Vegas, secret Swiss bank accounts, and accusations of embezzlement against the
previous president.

The head of the state oil monopoly Pemex, Jorge Diaz Serrano, is now in prison.
Under the Mexican legal system, he will remain there while awaiting trial on
accusations of swindling Pemex out of $34 million via the purchase of two oil
tankers through a dummy company.

The case is unusual, not because of the alleged crime (though the amount of
money is relatively high), but the unprecedented decision to prosecute a public
official of such prominence.  He was a well-known businessman before taking over
Pemex in 1976, and enjoyed the personal friendship of the former Mexican
President, Lopez Portillo.

It is his imprisonment which has persuaded some Mexicans and foreigners here
that President de la Madrid is serious, and intends to press on with his
anti-corruption campaign.  Cynics prefer to recall the false promises of the
past, and suggest that even if the case is not resolved with some face-saving
deal, it would be symbolic only.  There are many others in Pemex who have been
stystematically enriching themselves from public money, they say, and only if
these men are brought to justice would the clean-up gain credibility.

However, there are signs of a more rigorous investigation.  Various subdirectors
of Pemex have vanished overseas, and the bank account of one has been frozen in
Switzerland where it has reached $5 million.  It is believed to be not the only
such account originating from Pemex people.

There was also a secret audit of 1.4 per cent of the crude oil exported by Pemex
in 1980.  Of the total, 301,094 barrels had been exported but not registered,
and unaccounted exports from 1976 to 1982 are believed to total as much as $20
million.  Mexican oil appeared on the spot market at this time, despite
Government assurances that none was sold except on long-term contracts.  This
suggests that either Mr Diaz Serrano or his executives in the nationalised
industry had gone into private enterprise with state assets.

Awesome though these activities might be, nothing compares with the scale of
corruption inside Mexico's most powerful trade union, the 110,000-strong STPRM,
the organised workers of Pemex.  STPRM has become a kind of object lesson in
dubious labour practices.  It not only wields political influence on behalf of
the workers but enjoys the benefits of entrepreneurial capitalism as well.

It owns and runs luxury hotels, building companies, cattle farms, savings
societies, supermarkets, construction firms, and funeral parlours.  Pemex
contributes 2 per cent of its investment to the union's "social works," a sum
which to-talled $220 million between 1972-82.

However, as the union is part of the unique one-party Mexican system of the
drolly-named Institutional Revolutionary Party which has run Mexico
uninterrupted for 54 years, any action by President de la Madrid could risk
serious internal strife.  To nail one man such as Mr Diaz Serrano might be good
public relations, the argument goes, but to take on STPRM might be dangerous
politics.

Nevertheless, the union bosses have not been enjoying his presidency.

The union scandal began relatively quietly last May when an internal quarrel
surfaced.  The General Secretary, Salvador Barragan, a PRI national senator,
accused a fellow union official of embezzling $6.5 million from STPRM for nearly
four years.

The accused man was Hector Garcia, known at El Trampas (the Trickster), who
later claimed that he had agreed to be the union's public martyr in the
presidential anti-corruption campaign.  As a diversionary tactic against more
thorough investigations, El Trampas was to flee abroad after a public
denunciation, and return quietly two years later, by which time it was hoped
that the President would have "settled down" like his predecessors.

But when he learned of the scale of the charges against him, El Trampas decided
to do some denouncing of his own.  He wrote an open letter to the President
accusing Mr Barragan and others of milking the union treasury of an estimated $1
billion over the last 10 years.  The public did not have much trouble believing
this astronomical sum, for readers of popular dailies had often been regaled
with vivid accounts of Mr Barragan's visits to Las Vegas.  They were fun for Mr
Barragan, but not profitable -- a snag he did not worry too much about, as his
losses were not his own money.

In his letter to the President, El Trampas recalled that a previous general
secretary of the union had been murdered in 1976 and the killer had never been
brought to justice.  If anything unpleasant in this way happened to him, he
added, he would hold Mr Barragan and another union official responsible.  Having
turned the tables on his comrades, El Trampas did then flee to Texas -- only to
be brought back to Mexico where his is in the same prison as Mr Diaz Serrano.

The other official he named was Joaquin Hernandez Galicia, or La Quina -- the
dice thrower.  Although La Quina has not been an elected director of the union
since 1964, he is believed to be STPRM's grey eminence.  He runs his own
multi-million dollar business empire of a bank, department stores, and farms.
Not a violent man himself, he declares, he unhappily feels the need of armed
bodyguards, one of whom silently placed a double barrelled shotgun on the table
between La Quina and an American professor discussing Mexican labour relations
with him recently.

The need for bodyguards was amply illustrated in September when Oscar Torres
Pancardo, another STPRM official involved in the corruption scandal, was found
dead inside the wreckage of his limousine.  Fellow trade unionists suggested
that Mr Torres, the mayor of an oil town and a notorious carouser, was driving
while drunk.  Though a credible story to those who knew him, the theory lost
substance when the police announced that the limousine chauffeur had a bullet
hole in this head.

None of this appears to worry the British banking group, Baring, which has just
opened a $15 million line of credit to Pemex in view of Mexico's creditable
performance in servicing its $85 billion international loans.  However, it is
not the banks' money that is directly pocketed by corrupt officials and union
bosses, but the public's.

What is to be done in the long run about corruption in Mexican public life is
another, sadder, matter.  Even despite President de la Madrid's tough public
pronouncements, he has said in private that his realistic ambition would be only
to moderate graft, not to wipe it out.  His ancestors would understand.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              477 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              June 19, 2016 Sunday

Dad's own gay past responsible for his homophobia, says N Srinivasan's son

BYLINE: Yogesh Pawar

LENGTH: 693  words


Speaking up | Ashwin and his partner Avi Mukherjee have alleged house arrest and
torture by the former's father

Emboldened by the churn over LGBTQ rights in India since a closeted homosexual
gunned down 49 people early on Sunday at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Ashwin
Srinivasan and his gay partner Avi Mukherjee have renewed efforts for freedom
from what they call forced house arrest and torture by his father, former
chairman of the International Cricket Council and former president of the BCCI,
the governing body for cricket in India.

"Just like the Orlando killer Omar Mateen, my father N Srinivasan too is wracked
with guilt over his own gay past. He is transfer-projecting that on us and hence
his homophobia takes on a rarely seen venality," Ashwin told dna.

dna had front-paged a report on May 21, 2012, where Ashwin had charged his
father of homophobically unleashing a cycle of violence against him and
Mukherjee to 'cure' them of homosexuality. Later, Ashwin had again told dna of
the connections of his brother-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan ("team principal" of
IPL cricket franchise Chennai Super Kings, who was implicated in the 2013 Indian
Premier League spot-fixing and betting case and banned for life) with well-known
bookies from Chennai and Dubai on May 24, 2014.

Ashwin alleged that soon after he spoke to dna, his mother Chitra and father N
Srinivasan worked closely with the doctor to get heroin administered to both him
and his partner. "Later, they reduced the drug intake and made it irregular. Avi
and I started experiencing heightened stress and hypersensitivity,
sleeplessness, anxiety, couldn't even hold on to a thought for longer than a
minute. Dr Khanna, who we were seeing, wouldn't let us on to why this was
happening and we finally looked it up on the net to find that we were suffering
from Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome."

Chitra then, her son said, told the duo to come to Chennai and undergo detox.
"Because she promised we'll be allowed to move to the country of our choice
without any interference from the family in two months when we were completely
out of rehab, we agreed to go and were flown down to Chennai in August 2014."

They were first shifted to a serviced apartment called Absolute Home in
Kotturpuram. "My mother said they were on the lookout for another place for us
near our family home. She told us that taking us back to our family home will
lead to embarrassment in front of the servants."

In September, they were shifted to a tony apartment owned by Arun Murugappa of
the Murugappa group at the Avenue neighbourhood of Boat Club near Ashwin's
parent's residence. Incidentally, Ashwin and Mukherjee have found papers
suggesting that the house was leased to Sumita Adam, Tony Adam of Adam & Coal
Resources.

"We're being held captive against our will and tortured by my father who wants
me to break up with Avi, get married and have children to further the family
line," he told dna. "Two months have now become two years, we've been given
death threats and fear for our lives. Our passports and other documents of
identity have all been taken away and we've been told not to step out."

Mukherjee pointed out, "Ashwin's parents are well-connected dollar billionaires.
We have found efforts by us to reach out to authorities in Chennai and Delhi
have all been frustrated by them. Forget legal help, even doctors have refused
to treat us."

According to him, he still suffers from a broken clavicle and pain in the foot
from April 30, 2012, when the police picked up the couple from an upmarket
Bandra restaurant-pub, Escobar, and brutally beat them with iron rods and
sticks.

dna tried reaching out to N Srinivasan and Chitra, who are currently in New
York, for comment, but they remained unreachable.

Aswin and Mukherjee have now written to the world's largest coalition of NGOs
fighting against arbitrary detention, torture, summary and extrajudicial
executions, forced disappearances and other forms of violence, Organisation
Mondiale contre la Torture, Geneva, Switzerland, for help. "We're hoping that
they will be able to intervene and help us out of our predicament."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 15, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

The Arms Makers' Ethics New Codes Emerge From Scandals

BYLINE: By Rick Atkinson and Fred Hiatt, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1999 words


Last month, as penance for its sins against the Defense Department, the General
Dynamics Corp. unveiled a 20-page catechism on the dos and don'ts of corporate
ethics.

The credo, which all 99,000 General Dynamics employes must read and sign,
forbids "bribes, kickbacks or illegal payments of cash." It insists that "all
cash transactions be recorded in the company's books" and sternly warns that
"the unauthorized possession of classified documents . . . can endanger the
security of this country."

If that seems like pretty elementary stuff, it reflects the defense industry's
wholesale return to basics when it comes to ethics and integrity.

Under fire from the public, press and Pentagon, U.S. arms makers are fighting an
image that, at best, portrays them as exploiting President Reagan's military
buildup and, at worst, depicts rampant venality in the industry.

Although "most of our suppliers are pretty honest people who give us good
quality," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph H. Sherick, there is
also a common attitude that "we stole it fair and square . . . . It's the
American way as they interpret the American way."

Many arms makers' misdeeds seem to differ little from the infractions of
corporate America at large, from Exxon overcharging customers by $900 million,
according to a recent court ruling, to the Crocker National Bank failing to
report to the government $4 billion in cash transactions. Those responsible
frequently are mid-level managers not motivated by greed but under pressure to
meet corporate profit goals.

But the defense industry also is unique in a key respect: its products, many
arms makers assure themselves, will not be used for years, if ever. That
unreality of future combat allows some contractors to cut corners while claiming
that no one will be harmed. And, awash with cash in recent years, the industry
has had little incentive to impose rigid controls, some critics say.

Forty-five of the top 100 defense contractors now face criminal investigations
for suspected malfeasance, from bribery to bid-rigging. Every few weeks a new
scandal seems to erupt, with the litany of allegations ranging from conspiring
to obtain Pentagon documents (GTE) to falsifying bills on the MX missile
(Sperry), from taking shortcuts in testing electronic chips (National
Semiconductor) to bogus charges on Army helicopter contracts (Bell Helicopter
Textron).

In recent months, 10 purchasing agents and executives from the Northrop Corp.,
Hughes Aircraft and Teledyne have been charged with collecting kickbacks, a
practice the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles has said is widespread in the defense
business. The illegal substitution of shoddy material is so prevalent on
military machinery that an Air Force major general warned last year that "the
effectiveness of our armed forces has to be reduced."

Sometimes on its own, sometimes under government pressure, the arms industry has
begun responding to these scandals with loud reaffirmations of such cardinal
virtues as veracity and honor. McDonnell Douglas Corp., for instance, gives all
employes a laminated code of ethics based on the Boy Scout creed.

TRW Inc. fired four senior executives and handed out a dozen reprimands and
demotions to other employes last year after finding that a Colorado Springs
subsidiary was improperly shifting costs from one government project to another.

General Electric Co., after pleading guilty to 108 counts of fraud on Minuteman
missile warhead contracts, appointed an ombudsman, issued a new code of conduct
on May 14 and warned its 330,000 employes that "no corners will be cut, no rules
will be bent, and no ethical lapse will be tolerated."

Whether the counterattack succeeds remains to be seen, but it still leaves
certain fundamental questions unanswered. Why do military contractors cheat?  Is
the Defense Department victimized more frequently than other customers? Is
malfeasance more prevalent now than 10 or 20 or 100 years ago?

Builders 'Salve Their Conscience'

When the government accused James W. Wellham and his National Metals Corp. of
fraudulently earning $1.3 million by supplying the Pentagon with substandard
steel for battleships, airplanes and other weapons systems, the Nashville
businessman had a ready excuse.

"Wellham contends that the stuff he supplied may not meet the rigid
specifications," his spokesman said, "but it's plenty good enough to do what
they wanted it to do."

Unpersuaded, the Defense Department last spring barred Wellham from being
eligible for government contracts for three years and filed a $3 million civil
suit against him and his company. But the rationalization that the Pentagon is
too rigid in its requirements -- and the assumption that military goods are
unlikely to ever be tested in battle -- crops up again and again in fraud cases.

"I think they sort of salve their conscience that way," Sherick said. "They say,
'Well, we'll never have a war, and we won't use that, and if we do, we'll always
fire 10 of them anyhow.' "

Small firms sometimes offer such excuses when they get in over their heads,
floundering amid Defense Department schedule and paper work demands. The giants,
on the other hand, may simply be overwhelmed by the surge of business under the
Reagan administration buildup.

For large firms, the buildup may create "lots of organizational slack, and
internal accounting mechanisms are not very important because you're making so
much money and there's no incentive to be tight," John Van Maanen, a management
professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said.

The big defense contractors are now so large that senior executives contend it
is often impossible to know what is going on in the ranks.

"We've got 90,000 people and we know darned well we've got something going on
that we don't approve of," Sanford N. McDonnell, chairman of McDonnell Douglas,
said in an interview.

Furthermore, because roughly 60 percent of the work on big weapons systems is
subcontracted, the government must rely on prime contractors to police not only
their employes, but the hundreds of companies they hire as well.

"It doesn't matter whether the prime is clipping us. He can be honest as the day
is long," Sherick said. "But if he's got a whole tier of subcontractors who are
taking us to the cleaners, we're paying the price."

But while top executives claim ignorance of the wrongdoing beneath them, they
may also tacitly encourage it, critics say.

Old-fashioned avarice plays a surprisingly minor role in many defense scandals.
As in the case of the falsified time cards at General Electric, mid-level
managers often feel pressure to meet a schedule, stay within budget, turn in a
glowing balance sheet at the end of the year.

"Personal greed may account for embezzlement," Diane Vaughan, a Boston College
sociologist, said. "But we're talking about the kind of offenses that benefit
the corporate organization . . . . It's more a motivation to succeed, and that
doesn't necessarily mean money in the pocket."

The Pentagon's plain-spoken inspector general agreed. "In many cases we find . .
.  that the top people in the company make it pretty clear they don't want
people to steal -- but they don't want them to lose money, either," Sherick
said. "And it depends on the integrity of the manager at the lower level which
message he gets, and which message he gets stronger."

No Auditors Overseeing Commercial Work

During the corruption-stained presidency of Ulysses S. Grant, the secretary of
war received a $25,000 kickback, Navy yards were riddled with graft -- a million
board feet of lumber simply vanished from the Boston yard -- and, according to
historian Samuel Eliot Morison, payrolls were padded "with the connivance of
Grant's Navy secretary."

Clearly, certain problems in the arms business are as old as the Republic, if
not older. "There's nothing new here under the sun," author Gordon Adams said.
"The Romans probably had investigations into spear-sale mischarging in the year
20."

Some observers believe integrity issues now hounding the defense industry
reflect a surge in all white-collar crime, such as E.F. Hutton's guilty plea in
May to 2,000 counts of mail and wire fraud.

"The stuff that the arms makers get indicted for to some extent gets badly blown
out of proportion," Nicholas Heymann, a securities analyst and former GE
auditor, said. "Because there's so much of that kind of stuff that goes on in
the commercial world all the time, but there's no government auditor looking
over your shoulder."

Complains an official of a West Coast contractor: "Every contracting officer in
the Army is waiting to make his name by pinning the tail on a contractor
donkey."

But bureaucratic watchdogs cannot take the place of a commercial customer with a
gut interest in the product, according to Boris Yavitz, professor of public
policy at Columbia University.

The immensity of the Defense Department, he said, means that "the approval and
signing off on the contract is a long, long way from where the material is used
or examined"; buyers in commercial business "tend to be much more directly
involved with the use of those materials . . .  so when things don't fit or
they're the wrong quality, there's almost an immediate reaction."

Furthermore, the sheer size of defense business magnifies issues of honesty.
"The scale is so large," William W. Kaufmann, of the Brookings Institution,
said. "You're talking about contracts that are running now at over $100 billion
a year. If I fiddle my expense account, it's so small that it doesn't make much
of an impact. But if you fiddle the same percentage on defense contracts, it's
astronomical."

Ethical Seminars for Managers, Workers

Rarely celebrated for introspection, many defense contractors have been
compelled by the spate of scandals to contemplate some of the most fundamental
precepts of their business.

"I got to thinking, 'How well am I doing?' " said McDonnell, who found working
with the Boy Scouts to be cathartic. "In self-examination, I found that I was
falling short in many areas."

In addition to adopting a company code in April 1983, McDonnell Douglas has
sponsored ethical seminars for its managers and plans similar instruction for
blue-collar workers.

The basic point, McDonnell said, is that "when it comes to a choice between the
right way and increasing the bottom line, we want them every time to take the
high road. That's not only the right thing to do, it's the smart thing."

The Pentagon likewise is paying more attention to fraud. More than 10,000
auditors and criminal investigators, a 20 percent increase since 1980, now troll
for wrongdoing. The Justice Department has added a fraud unit specializing in
defense contracts, although it has been criticized for a dearth of convictions
and for focusing on small contractors.

The government "is trying to send a few shock waves," Heymann said, "and I think
it's probably worked pretty well."

"Maybe," he added, "they'll try to clean it up and get it in shape so that by
the time the Strategic Defense Initiative comes along with $30 or $40 billion,
it will be more judiciously spent without waste or fraud."

While inspectors and auditors try to stamp out fraud, though, many experts say
that sharp but legal practices will end up costing the taxpayer more. Defense
Department procurement is so fiendishly complex, with rules covering thousands
of pages, that finding a crease between the spirit and the letter of the law is
not difficult.

"I think they pad estimates," Sherick said, when asked to cite the most
prevalent problem. "I think that's basic. I think they drive prices up. I don't
think anybody really knows the real cost of what it costs to make something
anymore. The idea is, charge what the traffic will bear."

"I think in their hearts they know that they're taking us to the cleaners," he
added, "but they say that that's not stealing, that's just being smart."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: DEFENSE INC.; Another in an Occasional Series

GRAPHIC: Illustration, Sanford N. McDonnell; Picture, President Ulysses S.
Grant.

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              479 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 30, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Irving Wallace, Whose 33 Books Sold in the Millions, Is Dead at 74

BYLINE: By RICHARD SEVERO

SECTION: Section 1; Page 29, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1247 words


Irving Wallace, whose popular novels over the past 30 years made him one of the
best-read and best-selling 20th-century American authors, died yesterday at
Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He was 74 years old and lived in
Brentwood, a Los Angeles suburb.

A spokesman for the hospital said Mr. Wallace had died of pancreatic cancer.

The author of such entertaining page-turners as ''The Chapman Report,'' ''The
Prize'' and ''The Nympho and Other Maniacs,'' Mr. Wallace frequently found his
work buffeted by notices emphasizing that his novels were not in the tradition
of Faulkner, Fitzgerald and Hemingway.

But Mr. Wallace's fiction did offer a judicious sprinkling of adultery, rape,
kidnapping, old-fashioned romance, suspense, babbitry, alcoholism, intrigue and
assorted examples of venality.

The sales of his 16 novels and 17 works of nonfiction were believed to be well
in excess of 120 million copies; he had some 600 million devoted readers.

Mr. Wallace said recently that his advances of a million dollars or more were a
sign ''that somebody out there loves and respects what you do and thinks what
you do may make money for them.''

The important thing was not the money, he said: ''It's that you have approval.''


Many Found Him Irresistible

When the critics stopped evaluating him, they all agreed that he was a highly
readable - perhaps even addictive - writer with an ability to put sentences and
paragraphs together in such a way that many readers found him irresistible.

James Kelly, writing in The New York Times Book Review in 1962, likened Mr.
Wallace to Balzac. Some of Mr. Wallace's most devoted fans may not have read
Balzac, but they put ''The Prize,'' the book Mr. Kelly was praising, on the
best-seller list for many weeks. The book, a fictional account of doings behind
the scenes of the Nobel Prize, was made into a movie in 1963 starring Paul
Newman.

''Kick Irving Wallace Day is a day set aside by Eastern Establishment critics
for high jinks and revelry,'' wrote Richard R. Lingeman in The Times in 1972,
when he reviewed another potboiler, ''The Word.'' Mr. Lingeman noted that the
critics always went after Mr. Wallace with ''verbal paddles,'' but admitted to
being one of ''Irving's people: hooked, like watching casually an obscure late,
late movie and finding oneself unable to turn it off until the last plot has
flipped its last flop and George Brent is united with Sylvia Sidney and it is 3
o'clock in the morning.''

Seeking the Sense of It All

The bulk of Mr. Wallace's fiction made best-seller lists everywhere. At the
basis of his success, according to John Leverence in his ''Irving Wallace: A
Writer's Profile,'' was the way Mr. Wallace asked the same questions again and
again: ''What are the unique and shared problems of male and female in our
society? How can an individual endure the social, psychological, physical and
financial pressures of modern life and still be whole? Above all, where is the
order and sense of it all?''

Mr. Wallace was asked three years ago how he went about his craft.

''It's very unsophisticated,'' he replied, ''and I only work on one book at a
time.'' He explained that when he got ideas, he wrote them down in pencil and
filed them away. He also said he strongly believed in organizing his novels
before he began to write them.

Irving Wallace was born March 19, 1916, in Chicago, one of two children of
Bessie Liss and Alexander Wallace, who had emigrated from Russia when they were
in their teens but who met and were married in the United States. Mr. Wallace
was raised in Kenosha, Wis., where his father was a clerk in a general store.

An Ambition From Childhood

Mr. Wallace always wanted to be a writer - he suggested he got the urge from his
mother, who had a great admiration for writers - and he worked as a reporter for
both his junior high school and high school newspapers.

He sold his first article, ''The Horse Laugh,'' to Horse and Jockey Magazine for
$5 while he was still in high school.

He attended the Williams Institute in Berkeley, Calif., where he took creative
writing courses, then moved to Los Angeles and began to write full time in 1937.
After service in World War II -he wrote scripts for training films - he returned
to free-lance magazine work and wrote both fiction and nonfiction for such
periodicals as The American Legion Magazine, Liberty, The Saturday Evening Post,
Cosmopolitan, Esquire and Collier's.

In the late 1940's and 50's, unable to make ends meet as a magazine writer, he
moved into screenwriting and wrote screenplays for Warner Brothers, 20th Century
Fox, Universal, R.K.O. and Paramount. Among the films he worked on were ''Split
Second,'' ''Young Wives' Tale'' ''The Holy Grail,'' ''The West Point Story,''
''Meet Me at the Fair'' and ''The Big Circus.''

Disliked Hollywood Atmosphere

Mr. Wallace did not like film writing; he called Hollywood an environment where
writers suffered ''indignity, disrespect, disdain.'' In the 1950's he began to
devote himself exclusively to books. The first to be published, in 1953, was
''The Fabulous Originals,'' a work of nonfiction about ''extraordinary people
who inspired memorable characters of fiction.'' His first novel, ''The Sins of
Philip Fleming,'' did not emerge until 1959. The critics ignored it.

But in 1960, Simon & Schuster published ''The Chapman Report,'' a novel about
the impact of a sex survey on some Los Angeles suburban women. Despite some
hostile reviews, it became a best seller. It was also a big money maker when it
was made into a film in 1962, starring Jane Fonda, Shelley Winters and Efrem
Zimbalist Jr. In addition to his own books, Mr. Wallace collaborated with his
wife, Sylvia; his daughter, Amy; and his son, David Wallechinsky, who uses the
name the family had in Russia. Among their writing projects were ''The People's
Almanac,'' ''The People's Almanac No. 2,'' and ''The Book of Lists.''

Survivors include his wife, daughter and son, and a sister, Esther Biederman of
Tarzana, Calif.

A memorial service is to be held at the Los Angeles offices of the Directors
Guild of America on Thursday at 1 P.M.

SOME SCOFFED, BUT THEY KEPT READING

Irving Wallace sold his first magazine article while he was in high school and
went on to become one of the most widely read authors in the world. These are
some of his best-known works:

Fiction
The Chapman Report 1960
The Prize 1962
The Three Sirens 1963
The Man 1964
The Plot 1967
The Seven Minutes 1969
The Nympho and Other Maniacs 1971
The Word 1972
The Fan Club 1974
The Pigeon Project 1979
The Second Lady 1980
The Almighty 1982
The Miracle 1984
The Seventh Secret 1986
The Celestial Bed 1987
The Guest of Honor 1989

Nonfiction
The Fabulous Originals 1955
The Fabulous Showman: The Life and Times of P. T. Barnum 1959
The Sunday Gentleman 1965
The Two (with Amy Wallace) 1978
The People's Almanac Presents the Book of Lists No. 2 editor (with Sylvia
Wallace, Amy Wallace and David Wallechinsky), 1980

Screenplays

The West Point Story (with John Monks Jr. and Charles Hoffman), 1950
Meet Me at the Fair 1953
Desert Legion (with Lewis Meltzer) 1953
Split Second (with William Bowers) 1953
Gun Fury (with Roy Huggins) 1953
Bad for Each Other (with Horace McCoy) 1954
Jump Into Hell 1955
The Burning Hills 1956
Bombers, B-52 1957
The Big Circus (with Irwin Allen and Charles Bennett), 1959

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Irving Wallace

TYPE: OBITUARY

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              480 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                      February 1, 2015 Sunday 9:04 AM GMT

Inherent Vice review - Thomas Pynchon's stoner mystery runs out of puff;
Despite a star-spangled cast, a great soundtrack and impressive costumes, Paul
Thomas Anderson's adaptation fails to maintain the high

BYLINE: Mark Kermode, Observer film critic

SECTION: FILM

LENGTH: 917 words


Star Rating: 3 stars

Stumbling out of Paul Thomas Anderson 's deliriously woozy adaptation of Thomas
Pynchon 's 2009 stoner mystery novel, I wondered whether this is what it would
feel like to smoke celluloid - to take a hit from a huge bong into which had
been stuffed several thousand feet of heat-damaged film, along with umpteen
yellowed pages of a Raymond Chandler paperback and the melted vinyl of several
Neil Young albums.

You certainly get the sense that this is a movie Anderson wants to you inhale
rather than watch; to succumb to its strange paranoid rhythms, to float over its
garbled incomprehensible plot and to laugh hysterically at its blitzed-and-fried
slapstick humour.

From the film-maker's point of view, it's a precarious balancing act, between
visceral, tactile nostalgia and sprawling self-indulgence. When it works,
Inherent Vice has the quality of a half-remembered dream, wafting us into a
profoundly cinematic altered state. But get out of step with it and suddenly
you're left with the headache of being the only sober person in a room full of
furry freaks.

Set very specifically in early 1970, when the great wave of the 1960s had duly
broken and rolled back, Inherent Vice is littered with California casualties who
find themselves washed up on the dark shores of an unforgiving decade. Like the
portrayal of the 1980s in Boogie Nights, the 1970s of Inherent Vice is an
aftermath; Altamont has happened, Charles Manson is awaiting trial, the Kent
State shootings are just around the corner and hippies are no longer "cute".
This is the era of Nixonian vice and police brutality, of financial venality and
corporate intrigue, all represented here by the spectre of the "Golden Fang" - a
sprawling personification of "The Man" from whom these wide-eyed idealists have
spectacularly failed to be free.

It is within this atmosphere of fear and loathing that dopey PI Larry "Doc"
Sportello ( Joaquin Phoenix, smelling of "patchouli fart") embarks upon an
absurdist odyssey involving missing persons, Chinatown land deals, (un)dead
musicians, international drug smugglers, neo-Nazis, druggy dentists, poisonous
politics, freaked-out cops, rampant corruption and random cunnilingus.

Teased into action by disappearing ex-girlfriend Shasta Fay Hepworth (Katherine
Waterston), Doc is regularly kicked up the butt by LAPD stooge Christian
"Bigfoot" Bjornsen ( Josh Brolin ), a flat-topped flat-foot with a too-tight
suit and an urgent need for "moto panacaku!" whose buttoned-down demeanour
provides a comic foil for Doc's "hippy scum" baggy shamble. One follows rules
and regulations, the other relies on ouija boards and phone calls from beyond;
both are utterly out of their depths.

Drifting in the netherworld between The Big Sleep and The Big Lebowski (with
Altman's The Long Goodbye providing significant spiritual guidance), Inherent
Vice does an extraordinary job of translating Pynchon's prose to the screen; for
all its free-fall feel and apparently scattershot structure, Anderson's
Oscar-nominated screenplay (which lifts much of its dialogue directly from the
book) and open-hearted direction effectively distil the author's distinctive
literary aesthetic, even when occasionally diverging from the source material.

Visually, this is a richly tactile experience, Robert Elswit's gorgeous 35mm
photography capturing the textures of LA's beaches, pavements and apartments,
evoking a lost world already nostalgic for its own past. Jonny Greenwood's score
adds resonance and romance; his orchestrations creeping round the edges of
classic cuts by Neil Young and Can, wafting through the heady air of
mutton-chopped befuddlement. When the action descends into pratfalls and Zucker
brothers' zaniness (as it does with increasing regularity), the score binds us
back to a more melancholic mood, reminding us that beyond all this madness
something intangible has been lost. Or, in the words of Peter Fonda's Captain
America: "We blew it."

It's significant that the film's only other Oscar nod is for costume design.
Despite the star-spangled cast (everyone from Benicio del Toro to Maya Rudolph
and even - allegedly - Pynchon himself gets a look in), the clothes are a
supporting performance all on their own; Doc dressed as Gold Rush / Harvest -era
Neil Young, Owen Wilson's double agent Coy Harlingen channelling Zoot from The
Muppets, Martin Short going full Austin Powers as Dr Rudy Blatnoyd. The wardrobe
sessions must have been a hoot.

Whether the same was true of the shoot remains a moot point. Tales of random
on-set improvisation have fuelled a mystique of ill-disciplined chaos, reminding
us that the more fun a film is to make, the less fun it is to watch. Yet there
is method in Anderson's madness; a genuine desire not to simplify Pynchon's
famously unfilmable prose, but, rather, to transfer it to the screen in all its
infuriating intangibility. This can prove patience-testing, particularly when
stretched over two-and-a-half hyperventilating hours. Anderson's best (and most
comically comparable) film, Punch-Drunk Love, significantly remains his
shortest, its economical length brilliantly tempering the mania of Adam
Sandler's antihero who could so easily have become insufferable.

As for Inherent Vice, I found myself going with it for about two thirds of the
time, seduced by its sweetness, suspicious of its sexuality (there's no Dirk
Diggler appendage here to offset the liberal displays of female flesh),
occasionally exasperated by its incessant shaggy-doggedness.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBONS


                   Copyright 2015 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                January 31, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Trump goes powering on - as does the toxic Hillary

BYLINE: SIMON HEFFER

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 149 words


Anyone who thought reports of Donald Trump's credibility in the Republican race
were exaggerated should think again, after the way he played, and beat, Fox News
by boycotting its Republican debate last Thursday. More Americans dislike Fox
than dislike Mr Trump, so he called well: the debate seemed fatuous without him.
Tomorrow, the Iowa caucus - the first serious test in this presidential election
- will show just how much momentum Mr Trump has.

I suspect by Super Tuesday, in just four weeks' time, many will have been forced
to revise their estimates of his potential. How nice it would be if we could say
the same about Hillary Clinton, whose toxic sense of entitlement seeps out of
every word she utters, and who represents all the corruption and venality of the
American political class. Sadly, I don't see her rival, Bernie Sanders, beating
her to the nomination, but we must live in hope.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 2, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

VIOLENCE, DEPRAVITY AND OTHER TOP STORIES

BYLINE: C.W. Gusewelle Copyright Kansas City Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 987 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


A groundswell of objection is building among readers and viewers of the news,
and even among some journalists, to the unrelievedly bleak depiction of human
affairs in the mainstream media.

The world they see represented on their television screens and in the pages of
their newspapers - a world dominated by violence, deviancy, ungoverned venality
and cynicism - is not the one that most of them inhabit.

Increasingly, the press and TV alike have come to be viewed as prurient in their
interests, fascinated by the sensational and the aberrant, indifferent to the
interests and the experience of ordinary readers and willing to manipulate
reality to serve various social or political agendas.

Whether or not the perception is altogether fair, it is indisputably real.  It's
the dominant topic in any public discussion of the press. If truth be told, it's
a frequent subject of complaint among newspeople themselves.

The primary function of journalism is to give readers or viewers information
that may be of use to them in making judgments about the conduct of their own
lives.

There are other functions, of course: to provide some context for important
events in the community, the nation and the wider world; to argue in the
editorial columns for positions of principle; and finally, in some measure, to
amuse and entertain.

These other purposes are legitimate, but they are secondary to the first
mission, which is to empower consumers of the news with useful information about
the world in which they live.

Wicked and despicable things do happen. A responsible news organization must
report them. The issue is balance. That is, to give them fair weight and display
them in a way that does not suggest that crimes and abominations are the
dominant themes of human experience.

The fact is that most people do not live lives disfigured by violence and
depravity. Some do, and it is tragic. But most do not. When a television
newscast is led by a detailed chronicling of the day's murders, or when a
newspaper's front page is dominated by horrific and repugnant offenses, the
world that is described bears little relation to the one familiar to the great
majority of news consumers.

News is a product, like any other. When the product is irrelevant or, worse,
useless, the consumer passes it by.

In a telephone conversation the other day with an editor in Ohio, this subject
came up. There's much that's good in human nature, we agreed. And, for all its
dislocations, there's much good about this society. But the good goes largely
unreported.

"Somehow," that editor said, "it just doesn't get through."

The reasons are several. For one, monstrous behavior contains an element of
drama that decency generally lacks, and therefore is easier for a writer to
tell. For another, there are dependable institutional sources for bad news - the
police, the courts, and so forth - whereas good news usually must be happened
upon by accident.

News managers, especially in the print media, also are heard to argue that the
public's taste is evolving, with the change most often blamed on television and
the tabloid press. The new readership must be enticed, they say, or it will be
lost.

The problem is that the line between enticement and pandering is very fine.

It's a real dilemma, for news consumers, in my view, are more discerning than
they're often given credit for being. They are no more interested in a
sugarcoating of the day's events than they are in a horror show. They only want
some rendering of life as they actually know it.

What can't be disputed, though, is that a reaction has begun taking hold that we
in the business of telling the news can ignore only at our peril.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              483 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 18, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Donaldson Case;
Where is the black outcry?

BYLINE: By William Raspberry

SECTION: First Section; Op-Ed; A27

LENGTH: 654 words


The Ivanhoe Donaldson affair, says Robern of behavior that threatens to do
serious harm to the interests of blacks.

The pattern he has in mind, says the head of the Center for Neighborhood
Enterprise and leader of a controversial group of black conservatives, is not
some white conspiracy to "get" black leaders or some special venality on the
part of those leaders. The pattern Woodson finds so dangerous is in the response
of the black community when black leaders are caught with their hands in the
cookie jar.

"We are willing to express outrage at the Reagan budget cuts for social
programs," he said, "but there's a conspiracy of silence when elected or
appointed black people take whatever money is left and divert it to their own
pockets. Where is the outrage when black people use their position of authority
and trust to rip off the black community?"

Donaldson, generally rated as one of the brightest political minds in the
country, with solid credentials as a civil-rights activist/strategist, has
admitted stealing nearly $200,000 of public money during his tenure as a top
aide to Mayor Marion Barry.

The most widely heard public response among blacks has been of the he's-so-
bright-isn't-it-a-shame sort. Those who know him wonder how he could have been
so stupid, or what manner of insecurity could have produced in him such a need
for luxury. They talk in terms of "personal tragedy" for Donaldson and his
family and hope that the damage can somehow be contained.

Woodson says it's the wrong response. "Even the mayor can only say 'I don't
think it injured me politically.' That's an unacceptable statement. Where is the
public outcry from those organizations concerned about the poor? Who is out
there saying: 'This is wrong; this is against the interests of poor people'? How
can you feel sorry for Ivanhoe and condemn those two secretaries who were
accused of stealing money last week? Evil begets evil."

It isn't that Woodson doesn't know the answer to the questions he raises. He
simply refuses to accept the answer: that for the black community to censure its
own is to give ammunition to white racists.

"There is always that fear," he acknowledges, "but to me there is a greater
danger: that this conspiracy of silence, if it continues, will make us open to a
domestic version of an Idi Amin. I mean, what happens if you get a real corrupt
politician who begins to truly exploit people in a deliberative way and then
hides behind his blackness? The other thing, of course, is that we behave as
though if we don't talk about it the white racists won't find out about it.
Well, that's just silly. All it does is destroy our own credibility."

But it's more than embarrassed silence that outrages Woodson, who himself
outraged much of the black leadership with his criticism of their approach to
black problem-solving. He said he might understand it if blacks chastized their
malfeasant brothers in private. "What happens, though, is that they are not only
tolerated but sometimes treated as conquering heroes when they come out of jail.
How can we allow this to happen and then say to young people who steal and
burglarize our homes and vandalize schools that their behavior is unacceptable?"

Woodson understands that blacks, like any troubled minority, tend to circle the
wagons when their leadership is under attack. But he insists on the distinction
between political attack and legitimate criminal prosecution.

"Let me say too," he adds, "that we are not talking about tax evasion or
philandering or some kind of personal difficulty. We are talking about people
ripping off their own people -- the family -- and saying that we mustn't condemn
it because they were in the civil rights movement or something.

"Did we deliver ourselves from the evils of Jim Crow and racism and segregation
only to be exploited by our own people? Is this what the civil rights movement
was all about?"

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              484 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           September 28, 2001 Friday

Gaytan's greed far more than simple 'error in judgment'

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 808 words


Former Colton Mayor Karl Gaytan pleaded guilty this week to a federal bribery
charge, saying that he was taking responsibility for what he called "an error in
judgment" during his stint as a city leader.

Somehow, the phrase "error in judgment" hardly begins to describe the purposeful
venality of the man.

Consider that he was Colton's mayor from December 1996 to February 2000.

According to Gaytan's plea agreement that was presented to the court, in
exchange for Gaytan's support of three restaurant projects that real estate
developer Allan Steward was proposing in Colton, Steward did the following:

"Gave Gaytan $500 in cash in March 1997.

"Paid $4,000 toward Gaytan's home mortgage in June 1997.

"Purchased new carpeting worth $1,800 for Gaytan's home in the summer of 1997.

"Paid $15,900 of Gaytan's mayoral campaign expenses from September 1998 to
January 2000.

"Wrote $18,300 in checks made out to Gaytan's wife from March 1997 to October
1998. [Gaytan claimed outside court that despite his admission in the plea
agreement, the checks actually were paid to him, not to his wife.]

In short, almost from the time he entered office until the time he left, Gaytan
sytematically and repeatedly received bribes altogether accepting more than
$40,000.

Such a pattern of flagrant wantonness constitutes far more than a random lapse
in ethics or the naive actions of a person suddenly swept up in the unfamiliar
surroundings of politics. It is a calculated, willful, purposeful pattern of
continuing corruption a revolting exhibition of a man callously selling out the
public's trust in him.

Gaytan's attorney has said he will ask the judge to sentence Gaytan to a short
term of house arrest [in the very house that was carpeted and partially paid for
with filthy money?] with a monitoring device and a period of probation.

We can only hope that the judge doesn't buy into such hokum. A mayor who held
out his palm to be greased from start to finish surely deserves more severe
punishment.

SB should capitalize on

residents' bilingualism

The Official Bilingual City Initiative 2001 is a project that's caught the
attention of San Bernardino Mayor Judith Valles, who heard the concept in a
discussion between civic leaders of San Bernardino and its sister city,
Mexicali, Mexico.

With a large population of people in the community who can speak both English
and Spanish, San Bernardino is a good candidate for becoming the first official
bilingual city in the state and possibly in the country.

Capitalizing on that asset is a good theme for the mayor to pursue, as it could
give San Bernardino new standing as a city with a valuable resource in the
ability of its residents to speak multiple languages.

The initiative to promote bilingualism is a campaign by California Tomorrow and
the California Association for Bilingual Education to help cities take advantage
of residents speaking several languages.

Bilingualism is an advantage that can be translated into a variety of
educational, business and cultural opportunities and San Bernardino certainly is
primed to bear that out.

"When we depend so much on collaborations with other countries, something that
would really benefit us is if our workers and citizens had proficiency in more
than one language," said Francisca Sanchez, president of the California
Association for Bilingual Education and assistant superintendent of
instructional programs for San Bernardino County schools.

Bilingualism is a cultural selling point and an educational advantage that's
being picked up on in earnest by San Bernardino schools.

Two elementary schools in the city are exploring the dual-immersion concept in
teaching languages, which offers students mutual benefits in learning another
language at the same time that they learn their own. Kindergarteners at Lincoln
and Hillside elementary schools are learning English and Spanish simultaneously.
The program is available to youngsters whose parents want to enroll them in it.

It's a teaching stratagem that's being touted for achieving better results in
language proficiency than either conventional bilingual education or
English-only instruction provide.

Both schools hope that they can channel students through instruction in both
languages at least through the fourth grade, so that students can derive the
full benefits from learning other languages in tandem to their own.

Similarly, the bilingual-cities initiative isn't about replacing English. It's
about enhancing the culture through the appreciation of more than one language.

Knowledge of more than one's native language can open doors to expanded
opportunities for travel, business, commerce and cultural endeavors.

It's a ready-made opportunity for San Bernardino to explore in keeping as a true
pioneer of cultural diversity.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              485 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 21, 1997, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

War-weary Cambodia moves battle front to the U.N.

BYLINE: STEPHEN HANDELMAN TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


'I WISH TO draw (to) Your Excellency's attention that there may be a few
Cambodian expatriates who might pretend to represent the Kingdom of Cambodia at
this session of the U.N. General Assembly," Cambodian First Prime Minister Ung
Huot wrote to Secretary-General Kofi Annan earlier this month.

"In such an event, I would be most grateful to your Excellency to see to it that
the group of imposters should not be allowed to disturb the normal proceedings
of the (assembly)."

Those "imposters," as Kofi Annan and anyone following events in Southeast Asia
knew, were once Cambodia's legitimate diplomatic representatives.

But that ended July 5, when a coup organized by Cambodia's Machiavellian leader
Hun Sen upset the fragile domestic equilibrium in place since the U.N.-organized
democratic elections of 1993.

The elections, the first free poll ever held in Cambodia, were praised at the
time as an example of how the U.N. could successfully broker conflicts in the
New International Order.

So it seems appropriate that the U.N. is being asked once again to sort out the
tangle of deception, murder and venality in that hapless kingdom.

But will any lessons be learned?

In this latest crisis, there are no clear good guys and bad guys. Prince Norodom
Ranariddh, the winner of the 1993 vote, was ousted by Hun Sen, Second Prime
Minister and his ostensible partner in the coalition government, during a bout
of fighting that took at least 41 lives.

The Hun Sen faction insists that Ranariddh started the whole thing by smuggling
weapons and recruiting troops from the old Khmer Rouge in a bid to take sole
power.

Ranariddh's supporters claim the coup was a pre-emptive strike by Hun Sen to get
rid of his chief rival before next May's national elections, which he was
expected to lose.

In any case, it was unequal combat. The prince proved no match for Hun Sen, who
has managed to evolve from an accomplice of the genocidal Pol Pot regime to
pro-Soviet Stalinist bureaucrat to manipulative strongman before he has turned
50.

Ranariddh was stripped of all power. His younger brother, who happened to be
U.N. ambassador, was ordered to come home, while a "new" delegation led by the
charge d'affaires would take Cambodia's seat.

Not surprisingly, the prince brought his failed battle to the U.N. In New York
last week, he called on the General Assembly not to seat the new delegation or
allow Hun Sen to address the body - which he said would contribute to "the
deterioration of human rights in Cambodia."

A few hours later, Cambodian Secretary of State Uch Kim An held his own press
conference to introduce the "new" acting ambassador and libel the previous one.

Ranariddh and his brother had been officially relieved of their duties by King
Norodom Sihanouk (their father), he said.

"Things are very clear in Cambodia," insisted Kim An, presenting a sheaf of
official documents, including the letter to Annan, to prove it.

They are not so clear to the rest of the world, however.

The U.S., backed by Norway, supports Ranariddh's position to keep the Cambodian
U.N. seat vacant until the May elections.

Other nations, including Russia and China, disagree, calling this interference
in Cambodian affairs. In other words, they argue, recognize the reality of power
in Cambodia.

The argument only underscores the shortcomings of the original bout of U.N.
peacemaking.

Threats of destabilization from Hun Sen, the loser in the 1993 elections, forced
the U.N. to accept his participation in the government in the first place.

Michael Williams, a former U.N. peacekeeping official, recently criticized the
U.N. for its "inability to come to grips with a (Cambodian) political system
based . . . on violence and the absence of the most rudimentary system of the
rule of law."

Sadly, the case of the duelling ambassadors may soon enshrine another U.N.
failure.


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              486 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               September 21, 1997, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

War-weary Cambodia moves battle front to the U.N.

BYLINE: Stephen Handelman TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   'I WISH TO draw (to) Your Excellency's attention that there may be a few
Cambodian expatriates who might pretend to represent the Kingdom of Cambodia at
this session of the U.N. General Assembly," Cambodian First Prime Minister Ung
Huot wrote to Secretary-General Kofi Annan earlier this month.

"In such an event, I would be most grateful to your Excellency to see to it that
the group of imposters should not be allowed to disturb the normal proceedings
of the (assembly)."

Those "imposters," as Kofi Annan and anyone following events in Southeast Asia
knew, were once Cambodia's legitimate diplomatic representatives.

But that ended July 5, when a coup organized by Cambodia's Machiavellian leader
Hun Sen upset the fragile domestic equilibrium in place since the U.N.-organized
democratic elections of 1993.

The elections, the first free poll ever held in Cambodia, were praised at the
time as an example of how the U.N. could successfully broker conflicts in the
New International Order.

So it seems appropriate that the U.N. is being asked once again to sort out the
tangle of deception, murder and venality in that hapless kingdom.

But will any lessons be learned?

In this latest crisis, there are no clear good guys and bad guys. Prince Norodom
Ranariddh, the winner of the 1993 vote, was ousted by Hun Sen, Second Prime
Minister and his ostensible partner in the coalition government, during a bout
of fighting that took at least 41 lives.

The Hun Sen faction insists that Ranariddh started the whole thing by smuggling
weapons and recruiting troops from the old Khmer Rouge in a bid to take sole
power.

Ranariddh's supporters claim the coup was a pre-emptive strike by Hun Sen to get
rid of his chief rival before next May's national elections, which he was
expected to lose.

In any case, it was unequal combat. The prince proved no match for Hun Sen, who
has managed to evolve from an accomplice of the genocidal Pol Pot regime to
pro-Soviet Stalinist bureaucrat to manipulative strongman before he has turned
50.

Ranariddh was stripped of all power. His younger brother, who happened to be
U.N. ambassador, was ordered to come home, while a "new" delegation led by the
charge d'affaires would take Cambodia's seat.

Not surprisingly, the prince brought his failed battle to the U.N. In New York
last week, he called on the General Assembly not to seat the new delegation or
allow Hun Sen to address the body - which he said would contribute to "the
deterioration of human rights in Cambodia."

A few hours later, Cambodian Secretary of State Uch Kim An held his own press
conference to introduce the "new" acting ambassador and libel the previous one.

Ranariddh and his brother had been officially relieved of their duties by King
Norodom Sihanouk (their father), he said.

"Things are very clear in Cambodia," insisted Kim An, presenting a sheaf of
official documents, including the letter to Annan, to prove it.

They are not so clear to the rest of the world, however.

The U.S., backed by Norway, supports Ranariddh's position to keep the Cambodian
U.N. seat vacant until the May elections.

Other nations, including Russia and China, disagree, calling this interference
in Cambodian affairs. In other words, they argue, recognize the reality of power
in Cambodia.

The argument only underscores the shortcomings of the original bout of U.N.
peacemaking.

Threats of destabilization from Hun Sen, the loser in the 1993 elections, forced
the U.N. to accept his participation in the government in the first place.

Michael Williams, a former U.N. peacekeeping official, recently criticized the
U.N. for its "inability to come to grips with a (Cambodian) political system
based . . . on violence and the absence of the most rudimentary system of the
rule of law."

Sadly, the case of the duelling ambassadors may soon enshrine another U.N.
failure.World; Affairs; Cambodia; foreign; relations; politics; government;
change

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              487 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Image on the Living Room Screen

M.G. Lord

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X03

LENGTH: 863 words


BREAKING NEWS

A novel by Robert MacNeil

Doubleday. 371 pp. $ 24.95

Reviewed by M.G. Lord, a columnist for Preservation magazine.

In its opening chapters, Breaking News, a novel by retired PBS anchorman Robert
MacNeil, sounds a rallying cry for a codger liberation movement. Far worse than
going to the dogs, television news, he argues, is going to the kids. In a
foolish quest to court teeny-bopper viewers, network executives have replaced
ethical newsgatherers who weren't born yesterday with cynical bounders who were.
As the novel progresses, however, MacNeil's critique becomes blessedly more
complex. Not all old-timers, he reveals, are trustworthy; some are snakes. Nor
are all young people rotten. Some can be admirable, especially if they are
female and fawn over old men.

MacNeil's plot revolves around Grant Munro, a ruggedly handsome, older anchorman
who, despite his refusal to have his face lifted, is irresistible to women.
Those under his spell include his therapist wife, his dead best friend's wife,
the head of his network's publicity department, a rapacious young journalist
from Cleveland, and countless flight attendants. In case we missed the fact that
he is a looker, he is dubbed "Gregory Peck" by Hollygo Lightly, a pseudonymous
Internet columnist modeled on Matt Drudge, except that she spews her gossip in
the voice of a black drag queen.

Munro is beset by two questions. First, who will succeed him at the network?
This concern, he believes, involves not his lust for control but his fear for
the future of broadcast journalism. Second, will he submit to cosmetic surgery?
Never mind that women have body parts lifted all the time. According to this
book's value system, a man who has work done on himself is a symbol of venality
and narcissism.

Surrounding Munro are various cartoon bad people: Bill Donovan, a scheming
youth, whom we know to be a serpent because he had his eyes lifted before he was
40; Ann Murrow, the former Anna Malakoff, who combines Martha Stewart's
up-from-nowhere biography with Geraldo's appetite for sleaze; and Sherman Glass,
Munro's conniving agent, whose low brow and "fleshy" lips, "extruding" a cigar,
bring him perilously close to being an anti-Semitic caricature.

There are also cartoon good people: Fran Whitman, a Midwestern cupcake who
seethes with more ambition than Sammy Glick but toadies to Munro, which makes
her O.K., and Munro's Boswell, Christopher Siefert, a broken-down Time magazine
writer. In its publicity material, Doubleday casts this novel as a "blistering,
behind-the-scenes" look at the news business. And parts of it are indeed
satirical. Writing in the voice of Hollygo, MacNeil skewers the blandness and
uniformity of the major networks, termed Beige, Taupe and Bisque. Hollygo also
coins delightfully mean nicknames for her subjects, such as "Grecian Formula"
for one of Munro's competitors and "Li'l Attention Deficit" for an irritating
young producer. Yet I didn't learn anything from Breaking News that I hadn't
already seen on "Murphy Brown." It did, however, offer an insider's view of what
was, for me, exotic territory -- the brain of a mature man. Except when placed
by John Updike into the head of Rabbit Angstrom, I have never been as conscious
of the extent to which testosterone influences a storyteller's perceptions.

Seeing the world through an old man's eyes is not the power trip one would
expect it to be. Even rich, well-preserved anchormen, I discovered, worry
constantly about their prostates, not to mention their potency. Nor is prostate
surgery a laughing matter. After innumerable pages detailing Siefert's recovery
from a prostate operation, I was overcome with relief when at last, mid-book, he
"urinated less frequently."

Often MacNeil destroys the tone of a scene by inserting clumsy sexual
references. I don't, for example, know what impact a flat chest has on a woman's
capacity for grief, but MacNeil clearly sees a connection: "Siefert looked at
this woman, whose breasts showed scarcely more than nipples through her dark
shirt; she seemed to be mourning as much as her husband the man responsible for
his death." MacNeil finds buildings similarly erotic: "Coming into the front
hall, with its aromatic cedar paneling, was like being embraced by an
experienced, loving woman." Frequently, MacNeil's sexual nonsequiturs are so
far-fetched and oafishly articulated that they are funny. When a vintner shows
Siefert some Merlot grapes, his "proud grower's brown hand [fondles] a cluster
as lovingly as he might a breast."

Unfortunately, such bizarre, out-of-control passages are not few and far
between. I wish I hadn't read this book; it eroded my trust in MacNeil, built up
over years of watching him on television. The book's adulatory blurbs from
Walter Cronkite, Morley Safer and Mike Wallace are even more baffling. MacNeil
suggests that tabloid journalism and the Internet, where self-appointed nobodies
like Hollygo rule, are a threat to the reporting of Truth. But this inept novel
and its emperor's-new-clothes endorsements suggest a bigger threat: the
distorted perceptions of sanctimonious, self-serving old men.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              488 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 14, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FILM;
A British Outsider Examines the Rules of the Club

BYLINE: By KENNETH TURAN; Kenneth Turan is the film critic for Gentlemen's
Quarterly.

SECTION: Section 2; Page 19, Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1205 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


''It's not a bad hotel room, is it?'' the British director Martin Stellman says,
gesturing nonchalantly at the casual luxury of an elegant piece of the City of
Angels called Le Reve. ''Very seductive, very pleasant, and I don't mind a bit
of it. It is a relief from shooting a film in the middle of a damp, dark London
winter.''

Anyone seeing that film, ''For Queen and Country'' opening in New York and Los
Angeles this Friday, will know what a seeming conundrum it is to find its
director and co-screenwriter in such posh surroundings. Made in dangerous
inner-city locations for a minuscule $3.25 million and starring Denzel
Washington as Rubin, a crack black paratrooper who leaves the British Army after
nine years only to find that the country he risked his life for is at best
indifferent to his welfare, ''Queen'' is a corrosive political melodrama where
hopelessness and venality seep out of every frame.

In fact, dressed in jeans and a work shirt over a white T-shirt, tortoise-shell
glasses and dark curly hair framing an intense 5 o'clock shadowy face, Mr.
Stellman looks more like an impassioned labor organizer than a film director,
and the impending American release of ''Queen'' has hardly turned him into a
tool of the ruling class, that hotel room notwithstanding.

For though he is admittedly tired of making dirt-cheap ''kick, bollock and
scramble'' movies, Mr. Stellman strongly believes that inflated budgets can not
only lead to laziness and self-indulgence but also present ''a moral problem.
It's hard to justify any film that costs over $10 million. How do you do that,
when Meryl Streep's wages alone could have sorted out Ethiopia's problems for a
year. You cannot justify films like that in this world anymore, no matter what
they're about.''

Though their techniques and esthetic approaches are very different, Mr. Stellman
clearly shares the anti-establishment ethos of such otherwise diverse British
directors as Stephen Frears (''My Beautiful Laundrette'') and Mike Leigh (''High
Hopes''). ''Anger is a great creative impulse,'' he says. ''You're not left
alone in Britain, the government is constantly shoved in your face, and you have
a group of creative people who are pouring their anger and frustration into
their work rather than channeling it into the political arena.'' As for Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher, ''We all hate her, and I'll tell you why. She's like
a monstrous nanny, a scolding hectoring nanny.''

What sets the 40-year-old Mr. Stellman apart from many directors of his
generation on both sides of the Atlantic is that he did not grow up in movie
theaters. He was nearly 30 before he entered England's prestigious National Film
and Television School, where he felt ''very marginalized. I felt I was among
people who had been given Super 8's by their dads early on, who'd been making
movies ever since they got out of their nappies. They were very privileged and
didn't know it.''

Born in London of Eastern European parents, Mr. Stellman says he has ''the
outsider's fascination for trying to understand, to make sense of this country I
always felt I somewhat didn't belong to.'' He arrived at Bristol University as
''the only person with hair out to here like Jimi Hendrix and a pink jacket in a
sea of very sensible sports coats.'' He lasted only two years, leaving to join
an experimental rock theater group called Principal Edwards Magic Theater.

Tired of being part of what came to be perceived as ''a hippie bunch of people
in diaphanous gowns swanning around the stage before Free concerts,'' Mr.
Stellman left the group and attempted to form a drama workshop with young people
from tough London neighborhoods, only to find that ''we were running before we
could walk. These kids didn't need drama, what they needed was full-time daily
education.'' So Mr. Stellman co-founded and spent the next five years helping to
run an alternative school called the School House.

Mr. Stellman began his first script in 1975, for a reggae-themed film called
''Babylon'' that was never released in the United States because its heavy
patois called for subtitles even in England, which came from his experiences
with kids on the streets. ''That was it, an addiction. I was hooked; I realized
it was what I should have been doing all those years,'' he remembers of his
first film experience. ''My struggles have all to do with my very strong feeling
that art shouldn't be elitist. And whatever you did with theater you were stuck
with the same problem: it was indelibly stigmatized by its middle-class
connotations.'' After that epiphany, Mr. Stellman collaborated with Franc Roddam
on the mods vs. rockers ''Quadrophenia,'' and wrote the complex, literate
political thriller ''Defense of the Realm.'' He got the idea for ''For Queen and
Country,'' which he co-wrote with Trix Worrell, from a young black man he knew
in one of his neighborhood theater groups. ''The next thing I'd heard, he was a
front gunner in the toughest parachute regiment in the army, and that just
seemed extraordinary.''

Mr. Stellman had a drink with the young man when he got out of the service and
felt that despite the positive things the army had done for him, ''his
alienation was very, very apparent. What gave the thing poignancy was the moral
dilemma of somebody who thinks he knows where he belongs but doesn't. He was
British and black at the same time; where did he belong? I thought that was an
incredible subject for a movie.''

So did the American actor Denzel Washington, who read the script and wanted to
be in the movie despite advisers who were ''telling him he was crazy to be in a
$3 million film in London with a first-time director.'' Mr. Stellman, for his
part, was not only skeptical about Mr. Washington's ability to master the accent
and mind-set of a Caribbean-born, London-raised black man, but also wanted if at
all possible to give the job to a British actor.

''I was struggling, I really was struggling with it,'' he says of the decision.
But, as a first-time director, he realized he needed an actor ''who could carry
the movie on his shoulders, give me a performance of great weight and
presence,'' and with the British actors he was seeing, ''I wasn't sure of
getting all that. I'd be taking a risk.'' What clinched it was seeing Mr.
Washington in ''A Soldier's Story.'' ''I thought, 'Why am I being so parochial?'
The prime considerations - power, presence, charisma - all of these things he
had in great supply.''

Though Mr. Stellman's antipathy toward big budgets means he has absolutely no
plans to move to Hollywood, he is working on two American projects, one about
native Americans and the other, ''Eight Exits Down,'' dealing with racism in a
small Midwestern town. And he has, perhaps surprisingly, a kind word to say
about the much-maligned moguls who began the business he finds himself in.

''Whatever their faults,'' he says, passionate as always, ''they did know the
streets. They were hustlers of one kind or another and they had a very strong
sense of what life was really like out there and their films really did touch
the pulse of the nation.'' And now? ''Now Hollywood is run by accountants or
people who've owned BMW's since the age of 17.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Denzel Washington in ''For Queen and Country'' (Blowup/David
Appleby)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              489 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 29, 2008 Monday
                                National Edition

Lifestyles of the smug and venal; Could David Duchovny's California dream get
any darker?

BYLINE: Robert Cushman, National Post

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; On Television; Pg. AL3

LENGTH: 803  words


The new season of Californication begins with David Duchovny, as our hero Hank,
getting in his last round of rubberized sex before departing to the hospital for
the vasectomy he promised his girlfriend. Scratch that: the vasectomy he
promised his girlfriend he would have. The procedure turns out to have more
complications than he'd anticipated, and he spends the rest of the episode in
pain and telling everyone about it. The comic climax, if that's the word I want,
occurs when he goes down on a woman in a darkened room at a party, and finds
that he is servicing the wrong body. Its owner, naked, pursues him through the
house, claiming that he violated her. Hank protests that he isn't "a rapey guy."
And indeed, why would he be, given the way women throw themselves at him and his
unbuttoned shirt, whether he's in a supermarket or at a social gathering? And I
know this is Hollywood, geographically as well as generically, but this man is
supposed to be a writer. In your dreams, script guys.

Duchovny plays Hank very believably, but that's part of the problem. I don't
want to believe in him. Californication is the un-cool version of Curb Your
Enthusiasm. Not that it doesn't try very hard to be cool, but that's also part
of the problem. Larry David's show brings off the considerable feat of making
you share a rich man's contempt for his surroundings, mainly by equating him
with the people he's satirizing. The last thing Larry does is let himself off
the hook; he's right there, wriggling. You aren't supposed to like him, merely
to believe in him. Hank you are meant to love despite everything, much as his
long-suffering partner Karen does. Californication is set among Los Angeles'
somewhat less rich and famous (they certainly aren't at Larry's success level),
and it makes a show of laughing at their smugness and venality. But it's
drenched in envy of the sunshine life.

Season One ended with Hank and Karen eloping from her wedding to someone else.
(Where have I encountered that romantic scenario before? Several places, but the
Niles-Daphne plotline from Frasier comes most immediately to mind.) Season

Two picks up from there. Not only are Hank and Karen plainly made for one
another, they have a 13-year old daughter to prove it: wise, or at least
cynical, beyond her years and with a zombie voice. Which, given that she has to
say "I love L. A." with a straight face, is probably helpful. Karen (Natascha
McElhone) is the only likeable person on the show, and much too good for her
man; which admittedly is the normal state of affairs in romantic comedy (which
is what Californication seems to think it is). Hank is supposed to be more
honest than most of the people he mixes with, and he is probably smarter, but he
remains the stereotype of a mixed-up artist, unable to resist temptation sexual,
alcoholic or narcotic.

Californication -- did the show come into being because somebody thought of that
pun, and had to find a peg for it? -- has been assailed by morality groups
(especially in Australia and New Zealand, for some reason) but that doesn't mean
it's good. In fact, the protesters have an aesthetic point, whether or not they
know it. Once we have grasped that the characters have sex and do drugs a lot,
pausing only to compare notes, the show has nowhere to go. It takes more than
sex to make a good sex farce; it takes ingenuity. Wit helps, too. As, frankly,
does a feeling of guilt, which permissiveness tends to rule out -- though not
completely, because jealousy can manifest itself in the most liberated of
circumstances. Californication does touch on that, but mainly it's content to
get high on its own audacity. To give us a little more to chew on, Hank is
equipped with writers' block as well as a writer's conscience; both are
challenged this season when he's handed the opportunity to ghostwrite the
memoirs of a music mogul. This may at least enable him to help his agent, it's
generally believed, of course, that it's the agent's job to help the client. but
this one needs all the help he can get, being a personal and professional mess.
I wouldn't dream of spoiling, but I will reveal that Hank's shenanigans in
Episode One lead in Episode Two to his being obliged to call his agent's cell
from a cell, the penal kind. Also that it contains one of the saddest, if not
the most original, of lines: "I love you too, but what if that's not enough?"
Karen says that. She also says that "the infuriating magic of Hank is that you
can never stay mad at him for long." It's a cop out for the show to be telling
us that, even if it's true. Especially if it's true. I was railing at House last
week, but I'll give it this: You can stay mad at House, and nobody ever pretends
different. - The season premiere of Californication airs tonight at 9 p. m. on
TMN.

rcushman01@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: The Movie Network, Showtime; David Duchovny checked into sex
addiction rehab recently, but his character on Californication is still, well,
fornicating. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            October 3, 2009 Saturday

You talking to me, Mr Scorsese?

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Film

LENGTH: 1938 words


A new book reveals the secrets behindsome of cinema's most famous scenes.Paul
Whitington picks his own favourites

It's one of the most iconic scenes in movie history: the moment in Taxi Driver
when sociopathic Vietnam veteran Travis Bickle stands in front of a mirror,
talking to himself. He's about to liberate his damsel in distress by storming a
seedy Manhattan brothel, and to work himself up repeats again and again to his
reflection, "Are you talkin' to me'" It's one of Robert De Niro and director
Martin Scorsese's finest moments, but like many great movie scenes it involved a
touch of luck.

Just out of camera, Scorsese was lying on the ground only inches away from De
Niro; and the reason why the actor kept repeating the famous phrase was because
his director kept mouthing "say it again", because he was worried the New York
street noise outside was going to ruin the shot. It was only afterwards, when he
saw the full take, that Scorsese realised what he'd got.

It's a great example of how haphazardly great movie moments can come about, and
it's one of the highlights of a new book by London Independent columnist Roger
Clarke called Story of the Scene. Subtitled The Inside Scoop on Famous Moments
in Film, Clarke's book tells some great yarns about how some of the most
memorable film scenes came about. But everyone has their own favourite stories
and scenes, and here are 10 of ours.

The Third Man (1949)

Few films captured the desolation and paranoia of postwar Europe as well as
Carol Reed's 1949 masterpiece, The Third Man. Based on an idea by Graham Greene,
it starred Joseph Cotten as a clueless American hack who gets lost in the
confusion and venality of Allied-occupied Vienna, but the film's real star was
its villain, Harry Lime (right). Orson Welles was only on screen for 10minutes
or so, but his wicked turn stole the show, and provided the film's most
memorable scenes.

Most cinephiles will remember Harry's wonderful "cuckoo clock" speech delivered
to Joe Cotten at the top of a Ferris wheel above wartorn Vienna, but not
everyone knows that Welles wrote it. When they were doing the scene, Welles and
Carol Reed decided that Harry's speech lacked something, and so Welles concocted
the film's most famous lines: "You know what the fellow said -- in Italy, for 30
years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but
they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In
Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had 500 years of democracy and peace
-- and what did that produce' The cuckoo clock."

Graham Greene liked the speech so much he incorporated them into his Third Man
short story thereafter.

Psycho (1960)

Alfred Hitchcock was at his most innovative and inventive during the filming of
Psycho, a film he felt might just revive his fortunes after the box office
failure of Vertigo. In adapting Robert Bloch's novel based on the crimes of
serial killer Ed Gein, he pushed the prevailing boundaries of taste and
single-handedly re-invented the horror genre.

He also pushed his leading lady Janet Leigh (above) very hard, especially in the
film's most famous scene. His minutely planned shower scene involved more than
70 separate shots, multiple camera angles and took a week to shoot. Janet Leigh
spent seven straight days standing in a shower, though, contrary to popular
belief, Hitchcock did not subject her to cold water.

A knife was plunged into a melon to create the stabbing noises, but Hitchcock
had intended the scene to be otherwise noiseless, until Bernard Hermann
persuaded him to add his famous stringed soundtrack.

When Leigh saw the completed scene, she became paranoid ever after about taking
a shower.

Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981)

When Steven Spielberg and George Lucas were shooting their first Indiana Jones
film on location in Tunisia, the north African diet and brutal desert heat
played havoc with the stomachs of cast and crew. Many fell ill, and Spielberg
himself only avoided problems by sticking to a strict regime of English tinned
food.

Harrison Ford was not so lucky, and had severe dysentery by the time he came to
shoot a key fight scene between Indy and a giant swordsman. Spielberg and Lucas
had planned an elaborate and minutely choreographed fight, but Ford wanted to
get the scene over with as quickly as possible and said "why don't I just shoot
the sucker'"

Spielberg agreed to try it, and it became everyone's favourite joke in a film
that went on to earn nearly $400m worldwide and made Harrison Ford a major box
office star.

The Silence of the Lambs (1991)

Apparently Sean Connery was Jonathan Demme's first choice to play caged serial
killer Hannibal Lecter, but he didn't fancy it, so the director turned to
Anthony Hopkins. It was, of course, an inspired choice: Hopkins recognised that
the part was a huge opportunity, and went to prisons and serial killer trials as
part of his research. He described the Lecter voice he created as "a combination
of Truman Capote and Katharine Hepburn", and he contributed hugely to the key
scene where Lecter and FBI agent Clarice Starling first meet.

After studying videos of Charles Manson and noticing that he hardly ever
blinked, Hopkins adopted a similar approach. He suggested to Demme that Lecter
should look directly at the camera whenever it panned into his line of sight to
create the impression that he was all-knowing. And he caught Jodie
Fosteroff-guard by mocking her Southern accent on the first take, adding to her
genuine unease. Hopkins also invented the famous slurping sound.

The Godfather (1972)

Among the most famously troubled shoots in movie history, The Godfather was
dogged by disputes between Francis Ford Coppola, his crew and a very worried
studio. At one point, Paramount's president had emphatically told Coppola that
"Marlon Brando will never appear in this motion picture", but Coppola believed
that the notoriously mercurial actor would be perfect for the key role of Vito
Corleone.

Coppola later said that "every one of Marlon's crazy ideas that I used turned
out to be a terrific moment", but it was Coppola who came up with the element
that made the key scene where we first see the formidable Don in action. A cat
wandered on to the set and Coppola befriended it. And just before they were
about to shoot the scene where the undertaker asks the Don for a favour, Coppola
dropped the cat into Brando's lap. Brando obliged and so did the cat, and their
gentle playing only served to underline his character's power.

One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975)

Jack Nicholson wasn't initially keen on starring in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's
Nest (below) because he was sick of people telling hem he was going to be
brilliant in it.

They were right, of course, and his powerful turn as an ordinary decent criminal
sent to a mental asylum was heightened by frequent ad-libbing -- for instance
when he asks a table of card-playing inmates "which one of you nuts has got any
guts". But he and director Milos Forman clashed so much that they ended up
communicating through their cinematographer.

And things got so bad over the crucial scene where McMurphy first enters the
asylum ward, that Nicholson withdrew his services for two weeks and then
spearheaded a coup among the other actors.

But Forman got his way about McMurphy's entry and his silent, passive assessment
of the chaos on the ward, and perhaps the on-set tension helped add to the
intensity of Nicholson's Oscar-winning turn.

Pretty Woman (1990)

If ever there was a hit film that came about by accident, it was Gerry
Marshall's Pretty Woman (above right). Originally intended to be a much darker
film, it was only rewritten as a straight romantic comedy at the last minute,
and Julia Roberts nearly never got the part.The studio wanted Meg Ryan, and
Molly Ringwald, Daryl Hannah, Michelle Pfeiffer and Demi Moore were among those
who turned the role down. Roberts got to play the hooker with a heart, and her
performance made her a star. Director Marshall realised early on that Roberts'
blinding smile and infectious laugh were her greatest assets, and had a flunkie
tickle her feet in key scenes to make her laugh on cue. But in the famous scene
where Richard Gere hands her a necklace in a case, there was nothing forced
about Roberts' reaction.

In the scene, Gere snapped the case down on Roberts' fingers as a joke, and the
actress's peal of laughter was totally natural.

The Graduate (1967)

A surprise comic hit in 1967, Mike Nichol's The Graduate was considered very
daring because of its story of a young man having an affair with a much older
married woman, but one of its most famous scenes was the result of a comedy of
errors.

When Benjamin Braddock and Mrs Robinson first meet in a hotel room, Dustin
Hoffman decided he would emphasise his character's lack of experience by
suddenly grabbing Anne Bancroft's breast. He didn't tell Bancroft or his
director, and when he did it, Mike Nichols burst out laughing.

So did Hoffman, and to hide his corpsing he walked to the wall and began banging
his forehead off it. Nichols thought it was so funny he left the whole take in.

Ben-Hur (1959)

Ben-Hur (below) was the epic to end all epics, and MGM studios was saved from
bankruptcy by its success. Though it contained many memorable moments, its most
celebrated scene is undoubtedly the chariot race. Director William Wyler
purpose-built an 18-acre set, the race took five weeks to film and involved the
use of some 15,000 extras. Contrary to popular belief, no one was killed during
shooting, though several horses were. But the scene's most impressive moment was
the result of an accident that could have ended in tragedy. When Charlton
Heston's stunt double Joe Canutt was shooting the sequence in which Ben-Hur's
horses jump over a crashed chariot, he was thrown in the air and only survived
by clinging to the front of his chariot. He climbed back in with only a scratch
on his chin, and the accident became part of the film.

Jaws (1975)

Much has been made of the technical problems Steven Spielberg encountered with
remote-control sharks while shooting Jaws. But he had as much trouble shooting
perhaps its most memorable scene, the part where Quint, Brody and Hooper swap
war stories in the boat cabin at night.

Shaw and Dreyfuss argued constantly during the shoot, adding to the supposed
tensions between their characters. And when Shaw, who drank between takes,
wistfully announced he'd like to give it up, Dreyfuss grabbed his glass and
threw it overboard. Shaw, an accomplished writer, rewrote the speech about a
wartime disaster on a battleship, but fluffed it completely when he tried
reciting it drunk.

He asked Spielberg to give him another shot, and the result was perfect, and
became the human heart of the film.

The Shining (1980)

Most of the actors who worked with Stanley Kubrick had a harrowing tale or two
to tell, but none more so than Shelley Duvall (below). During the protracted and
exhausting Shining shoot, she fell foul of the director's almost obsessive
perfectionism. She was playing latent psychopath Jack Nicholson's long-suffering
wife Wendy, and to push Duvall into a suitably hysterical state, he ordered the
crew not to sympathise with her or help her.

Then he began picking on her and telling her she was wasting everyone's time.
And in order to get her sense of desperation right in a scene where she disturbs
Jack at his desk, he made her repeat the moment where she backed up the stairs
screaming and swinging a baseball bat over 100 times. Duvall's described it as
an experience she'd never want to repeat.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Best Weekend

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday
                              Best Weekend Edition

READ 2NITE

BYLINE: Stephen Marsland, Keith Moor, Blanche Clark

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 446  words


The Museum of Extraordinary Things Coralie Sardie spends summer as a mermaid,
submerged in a glass tank in her father's creepy museum on Coney Island,
surrounded by freaks. In the early days of the 20th century, this passed as a
living. For escape, she swims in the freezing Hudson River, often reaching the
unpopulated northern wilderness of Manhattan. Beaching one day she sees a figure
in the scrub, Eddie Cohen. A lapsed Orthodox Jew, he makes his meagre living as
a freelance photographer. This brings him into contact with New York's many
tragedies, notably the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, when scores of
seamstresses were burned alive in the locked building. Coralie and Eddie's lives
become entangled as the author peels away the city's grimy layers of venality,
carnality, sadism and sexual slavery. In this metropolis, populated by rogues of
all castes and classes, Hoffman has crafted a fabulous tale of innocent desire
and, occasionally, redemption, offering the best of many genres: crime,
thriller, history and romance.

Stephen Marsland  Alice Hoffman, Simon&Schuster, $30

Murder in Suburbia Devotees of the true-crime genre will want to add Melbourne
journalist Emily Webb's book to their collection. Each of the 28 chapters is
devoted to a different suburban murder, some of them well-known and others less
familiar. Webb interviewed relatives of murder victims and detectives involved
in investigating the solved and unsolved murders. She takes you inside the head
of Burwood triple murderer Ashley Coulston and delves into the continuing
mystery of who murdered Boronia mother Nanette Mae Ellis in 1984. The
controversial "sleepwalking defence" - used in different cases around the world
- is dissected in the chapter dealing with the 1950 murder of Patricia Cogdon in
Carnegie. Patricia, 19, was asleep when her mother Ivy Cogdon entered her room
and attacked her with an axe. Mrs Cogdon later entered a not-guilty plea at her
murder trial, claiming she was sleepwalking when she wielded the axe. The book
reveals what the jury thought of that argument.

Keith Moor  Emily Webb, Five Mile Press, $29.95

Thailand: The Cookbook This is a cookbook for those who value book design and
cultural insight as much as cooking. The chance of your kids tucking into
stuffed mangrove trumpet tree flowers might seem remote, but these recipes are
the real deal and you'll learn how to make everything from scratch. Gabriel
spent three years in Thailand researching and collecting recipes from different
regions. Clear instructions and remarkably quick preparation times make it
accessible. This one is truly a keepsake.

Blanche Clark  Jean-Pierre Gabriel, Phaidon, $59.95

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Magazines DTM


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                            December 11, 2005 Sunday

Kerre Woodham: Scalping outrage just the ticket

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 597 words


The outrage over ticket profiteering for big-name concerts and big-game matches
is timeless and without boundaries.

An Englishman, now resident in New Zealand, told me that back in the 1960s, his
much unfancied soccer team made it to a big cup final. Everyone from his home
town was trying to buy tickets but they'd sold out in seconds and the fans' best
chance of seeing their team in a never-to-be repeated final was to turn up at
the gates and take their chances off the scalpers.

Sure enough, there at the gates was a bloke waving fistfuls of precious tickets,
but he wanted a preposterous price for them - something like 600 to 700 per cent
more than their face value. The Englishman's mate, a great big chap, told the
scalper the price was unreasonable and offered to pay double the initial price,
but the scalper was not to be reasoned with.

So the great big Scouse headbutted the weedy little scalper, grabbed the tickets
off him and handed them out to his mates, left what he thought was a fair price
and the lads got to see the game.

I'm not exhorting violence in the face of scalping but one base emotion - in
this case, venality - often incites another, like brutality. Or profanity.

The Trade Me auction room makes for the most entertaining reading around at the
moment, as sellers of U2 tickets and their supporters justify selling to the
highest bidder against those who rail against their low morals and Gordon Gekko
"greed is good" mentality.

Scoobydoobydo told Jaraham that the selling of the U2 tickets was immoral and
shameful.

Jaraham replied: "This is the 21st century. The number of people who are moral
these days is very low".

Most of the sellers put up pathetic excuses for selling - for example, their
friends pulled out at the last minute or the tickets were bought as Christmas
presents for parents but the parents bought their own.

Others were unabashed that they'd seen a commercial opportunity and gone for it,
inciting further furious comments: "Your intentions were to secure tickets, not
because U2 move you like no other band, but to scab hard-earned money off
desperate fans. Your [sic] a poor excuse for a human being and I hope you choke
on the money you make."

So sentiments are running as high as they were when the scalper in Manchester
received a Liverpool kiss.

But while I don't agree with scalping, I would point out to desperate fans that
if they were that desperate, they would be members of U2's official fan club.
Apparently, members were offered the opportunity of buying tickets for the show
a week before they went on general sale, so the true U2 fans with a bit of
initiative are sorted.

I don't buy the argument that buying and selling tickets is like buying and
selling a house for a huge profit - the analogy would only hold true if there
were a very small number of houses and a huge number of people needing a place
to live. The easiest thing to do would be to make scalping illegal - just about
everything else is these days, so what's another little piece of light
legislation?

And just a word to the wise rugby sevens fans heading to Wellington: tournament
director Steve Dunbar says they've been doing their best to ensure as many
sevens fans as possible can get to the games without being fleeced by scalpers
and they've identified a number of tickets that have breached the terms and
conditions of sale. They will be taking the appropriate action. In some cases,
they know who you are so there may well be some very disappointed people come
February when they're turned away from the gates.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2005 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              493 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 6, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

'Dream Job,' the Nightmare, Showing Now on ESPN

BYLINE: By Richard Sandomir

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 4; TV SPORTS

LENGTH: 821 words


ESPN's ''Dream Job'' lacks the essentials of the reality genre: contrived love,
grotesque physical tasks, naked Machiavellians, exotic locales, obnoxious
fiances and Donald Trump's cantilevered coif. There are no million-dollar prizes
or lavish weddings awaiting the victor.

So what's left for ''Dream Job'' without the forces of venality, duplicity,
cupidity and hostility?

A polite six-week elimination contest among 12 contestants (now 10 after two
episodes) to win a paid job as a ''SportsCenter'' anchor for a year. Instead of
eating varmints or dating an average Joe, the hopefuls narrate highlights for a
panel of judges (not one with the nastiness of Simon Cowell), debate sports
issues and answer sports questions.

A tame concept, yet one that fits the gestalt at ESPN, where the hub of the
empire is ''SportsCenter,'' which has its own advertising campaign,
easy-to-remember theme song syllables and, apparently, corps of groupies.
Players preen for it, viewers live for it, and the anchors coin phrases for it.
Some version of it always seems to be on, and if you miss one, ESPNews is a
24-hour dose of no-frills ''SportsCenter.''

It is a mystical place for fans, an Emerald City where the Wizard of Oz is Dan
Patrick; it is a comfort zone where an hour's worth of news, highlights and Top
10's fulfills a craving that regenerates nightly.

So it is not surprising that after nearly 25 years, there are devotees whose
dream is to live in Bristol, Conn., to anchor ''SportsCenter'' and to exchange
hugs and ''dawgs'' with Stuart Scott, a real-life anchor whose lexicography
eludes the understanding of some and who serves as the host of ''Dream Job.''

But live television combined with on-air inexperience is difficult to watch
unless schadenfreude is your game and you enjoy brain lock, halting verbal
rhythms, mispronunciations, inaccuracies, wild hand gestures and on-camera
discomfort as much as a 12-car crash at Darlington.

One of the better hopefuls, Zachariah Selwyn, a musician and actor, discovered
that with long curly hair (''hippie style,'' the show's publicity notes say) and
a beard, he does not fit into the conservative ethic of sports anchoring.

''Three words: cut your hair,'' one of the judges, Al Jaffe, who is ESPN's vice
president for talent negotiations, said in an admonishing tone. ''It's
distracting. You're not credible because of it.''

A second judge, Tony Kornheiser, whose sparse hair did not disqualify him from
being the co-host of ''Pardon the Interruption,'' added, ''Dan Patrick doesn't
come out looking like Porter Wagoner.''

Later on, Scott asked, ''Do you want it enough to have a clean look?'' Are you
man enough to go to the barber, hairy dude?

There are three very credible hopefuls, one of whom will most likely be the
winner. But what emerges most from the series is the difficulty of anchoring
''SportsCenter.'' Even less-known broadcasters on the 4 a.m. shift on ESPNews
have skills and personas honed delivering three-and-a-half-minute nightly
reports in smaller markets.

Although a few of the contestants were legitimately witty, most made the mistake
of trying too hard to be funny with catchphrases that are canned or cliched, as
if they'd been playing the home version of ''SportsCenter'' instead of
Strat-O-Matic. More than a few ''SportsCenter'' anchors have erred by jamming
their scripts with yuks every few seconds in the belief that they, not the
highlights, were the stars. Less is usually more, as Rich Eisen eventually
discovered.

''Dream Job'' is, at its best, congenial and well crafted, but not terribly
energetic or exciting. It is so civil that the original 12 (chosen from a pool
of 10,000) high-five one another after their turns behind the desk. The studio
audience is timid. And Scott is an acquired taste. In the first week he was a
parody of an obsequious game show host dying to front a rap group. But last
Sunday, he was tamer, and the show was rightly less about Stu.

The viewership so far is a testament to the ''Dream Job'' concept or to the
current regard for hockey. The first two episodes have produced an average 1.13
cable rating, or about one million households, compared with a 0.38 rating
(331,000 homes) last year for the National Hockey League games that were running
in the 10 p.m. Eastern time slot on the comparable two Sundays.

Tougher tasks are promised in the coming weeks, which might ratchet up the
tension and competitiveness desperately needed to make ''Dream Job'' more
compelling. May I suggest these: interview Bob Knight as he copes with acid
reflux; respond rapidly and smartly to a colleague's racially insensitive
remark; restrain Chris Berman until he stops channeling Red Barber, Howard
Cosell and John Facenda; conduct a field report while relay teams of British
streakers run in front of the camera; and outshout Gary Thorne on an overtime
goal.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              494 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 17, 1994, Tuesday, City Edition

Controversy at FSU: 'What's the big deal?'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1976 words



As a former student-athlete, high school All-American, freshman All-American
(University of Texas, 1942), Conference Diving Champion (College of the
Pacific, 1947) and retired professor, I feel compelled to respond to your May
12 editorial (FSU's embarrassment) and your reporting of the Sports  Illustrated
revelations of venality in the FSU football program.

The chorus of lamentations, agonizing and hand-wringing by the Times would  have
us believe that we should begin preparing for the imminent death of the  sun.
All of this distress over the purchase of jock wear for a few young men  who
major in chasing after and committing mayhem upon other young men who have
possession of an oval-shaped, inflated ball! One would think that all of the
Ten Commandments had been violated.

What's the big deal? In our capitalist environment and free enterprise
activity, which we worship, why should we have such a sanctimonious reaction
when a few youngsters failed to heed caveat emptor? After all, their coaches
make a few bucks in the marketplace besides obtaining CEO-size salaries for
coaching, and they have agents to help them to be wary in the marketplace.

Let's continually face it: Major sports at major universities corrupt the
youngsters and do violence to the integrity of the university, which is simply
unforgivable. Higher education finds itself in partnership in a system which
begins at the grammar-school age when kids start with organized sports. The
corruption begins with overzealous parents and coaches. The corruption is both
insidious and incremental as time goes on to the college years.

Let's not be too hard on the kids; we adults have allowed something  terrible to
go wrong in our country by not providing an environment in which  values we
preach about have not generally been acted out.

I consider myself quite lucky to have competed at a time when scholarships
meant work, learning meant learning, and coaching gave us high-caliber role
models. What wonderful gifts.

Hal Bronfin, Largo

      Your May 12 editorial FSU's embarrassment states: "There's a case to be
made that scholarship athletes deserve to be paid a modest salary, just as
student body presidents and campus newspaper editors are."

There is another way to remove the inequity: Stop paying any students for
extracurricular activity, whether they be student body presidents, campus
newspaper editors, student athletes or whatever.

Palmer O. Hanson Jr., Largo

   Why all the ruckus about Bobby Bowden's rowdies? They are only learning how
to become politicians.

Lester H. Howell, New Port Richey

      In the May 11 article about the Sports Illustrated/FSU allegations, a
player is quoted as saying, "at Florida State you work so hard to give to  that
program and get nothing out of it."

That "nothing" that he will leave FSU with is a multi-thousand-dollar  education
which, by design, is supposed to give him a life beyond the playing  field. That
"nothing" is what many of us - parents and students alike - have  scrimped and
saved, and even mortgaged our homes for. I wonder if he would  have ever had a
chance to be picked up by the Cincinnati Bengals if his  hard-working parents
had to pay every penny of his education at FSU.

I am not implying that football practice, games, physical injury and all  that
goes with athletic prowess is not work. It is very hard work, but let's
reconsider that word "nothing," please.

Edith Milian, St. Petersburg

Heroes who became victims

      Re: Article about Lewis Puller Jr.'s death. This article struck a nerve
in our home and throughout this nation.

I am the wife of a 100 percent service-connected Vietnam veteran who is in  the
final stages of multiple sclerosis. He has been in a wheelchair for 15  years
and confined to a bed for the last 3 1/2 years. He cannot walk, use his  hands,
roll over, feed himself, or have any bowel or bladder control. He is a  hero who
became a victim of that war that destroyed more than the 58,191  soldiers whose
names appear on the Vietnam Memorial Wall.

I do feel sorry for Mr. Puller and his family for the struggle they  endured. I
thank him for his contribution to the awareness of this country of  the hell
these soldiers suffered. My husband suffered and still is suffering  every day.
The VA hospitals are filled with such sad cases; the alcoholic  wards and the
mental health wards are filled with sad stories.

If Mr. Puller's name goes on that wall, my husband's name had better appear
also, along with the names of all those fellow soldiers who served and who
deserve the same recognition.

Joanne Krygowski, Largo

A 'smashing' concert

      The phrase "You get what you pay for," unfortunately, doesn't always  hold
true. I paid good money in hopes of enjoying a Pink Floyd concert at  Tampa
Stadium recently. Instead, I was subjected to a mindless shoving match
involving several thousand inebriants which made the first set impossible to
watch even though I was seated. (Part of this was caused by the incredibly  poor
section/seat markings at Tampa Stadium.) Then I had to listen to the  incessant
caterwauling of two "fans" standing behind me who must have  wandered in from a
hog-calling contest. They certainly weren't there to listen  to the music, as
evidenced by their constant efforts to be heard over it.

For a group of people so obviously obsessed with the '60s, with their  tie-dye,
long hair and worship of bands from that era, they have sorely missed  the
point. Most of the "audience" attending that night had no respect for
themselves, for others or for Pink Floyd. It was just a place to get smashed.

Charles A. Nebe, Clearwater Beach

"Safe' driver

      Re: "Safe driver' with eye problems hits flagman, May 13.

A police officer can confiscate a driver's license from someone who appears  to
be intoxicated, before even having the results of a breath-alcohol test!

So why is it that someone who admits to being blind in one eye, diseased in  the
other, and can't read "State Trooper" in 5-inch-high letters on a car  door five
feet away, is allowed to go pick up his car and drive away? This  person is more
dangerous than a drunk driver because he is in that condition  24 hours a day,
seven days a week!

Veronica Zagorski, St. Petersburg

   Editor's note: As reported on May 14 in the Times, the crash persuaded the
man with failing vision to give up his driver's license.

Another ban suggested

      Congratulations to the Senate for banning the sale of assault weapons.
But they should not stop there. They need to ban another deadly weapon: the
newspaper.

Animal rights groups report that millions of pets are hit by rolled-up
newspapers every year. Newspapers have been used by arsonists to start fires
that result in death and destruction. Teenagers are committing suicide after
reading "in newspapers" about the deaths of rock idols and race drivers.
Careers have been ruined by bad press, and even resulted in death (Vince
Foster). The list goes on and on and must be stopped.

While freedom of the press is protected under the Constitution, as is the  right
to bear arms, we then cannot ban newspapers entirely. Small-caliber  newspapers
would be allowed to publish, but we must stop the sales of the  "high-powered"
papers with daily circulations over 250,000 because they are  the papers that
cause the most damage.

Could never happen? Well, maybe not, but when you allow government to  continue
to grow and consume our rights bite by bite, anything is possible.  And if it
did happen to this newspaper, maybe then the editors of the Times  would endorse
the National Rifle Association.

Mark Messner, Indian Rocks Beach

Program a 'masterpiece'

      Re: Now here's what ballet is all about, May 10.

It is good to see Susan Eastman's reports on ballet programs in the area.  Her
report of Florida West Ballet in the May 10 Times was succinctly  complimentary.

I had hoped she might have reported on the May 7 diversified program at the
Mahaffey Theatre when Sean and M. A. Musselman's Dance Theatre of Florida
combined with the piano duo of Landsberg and Yount for an "Off-Broadway"
confection. Musselman's choreography and performance with Debra Jo Hughes to
Debussy's Clair de Lune was a masterpiece. The entire evening showed
professional mastery of the arts involved in combining piano wizardry with the
power of the dance in jazz and classical translations. This exhibited acumen  of
the highest capability. More attendees would have benefited from this
sugarplum.

Edna Ruth Johnson, St. Petersburg

Where is justice?

      Something is wrong with the way we distribute money to those who are  said
to be victims of the government. Three cases exemplify this. They are the
Rodney King suit, the Rosewood survivors, and Wilbert Lee and Freddie Pitts.

Rodney King was an ex-felon fleeing from the police at speeds of 100 miles  per
hour. More than anything, it demonstrated the ineptitude of the police in
handling a big tough guy like King when he was out of control. He got  $
3.8-million and is looking for more.

The survivors of Rosewood were victimized by citizens who were operating
outside the law. The law enforcement people did not do their job in bringing
those people to justice. However, there is case law that holds that the police
are not obligated to protect anyone in particular. As silly as it may seem, it
is the law. The survivors got $ 150,000.

Wilbert Lee and Freddie Pitts were locked in the prisons of Florida for 12
years, with nine of those years on death row. They were pardoned when it was
evident that they did not commit the crime for which they were convicted.  Pitts
and Lee have not been given anything for what was done to them.

Rodney King should only get his medical expenses. The Rosewood survivor  award
may open the door for many such suits, but it is an insignificant amount  of
money from the total budget. Mr. Pitts and Mr. Lee are owed a great deal  for
the wrong that was done to them. If each of them got what King was  awarded, it
would not be enough.

There does not seem to be any sense of justice.

William Joseph, Clearwater

The facts, so far

      Just the facts, ma'am! So far, the facts of the "Whitewater scandal"  seem
to be that a law firm billed a small business of under 500 employees  $ 2,000 a
month. As a CPA, I have seen monthly billings of $ 10,000 to $ 500,000  for
legal services.

Fact two seems to be that Hillary Clinton made a profit of $ 99,000 on
commodity trading during a period of rising cattle prices.

Then comes a session of rural-small-town business activity that happened 15  to
20 years ago and resulted in a savings and loan association collapse of  $
40-million. This S&L collapse may never have happened if Reagan and Bush had
not deregulated the S&L industry, resulting in the entire collapse of the U.S.
savings and loan business.

Most personal bankruptcies and airline and department store bankruptcies  also
took place in the Reagan-Bush era.

George H. Beckwith, CPA, Floral City

Share your opinions

   We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be
addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731,
(FAX number, 893-8675), (E-mail, CompuServe: 73174,3344).

Letters must include the name, address and telephone number of the writer.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be printed.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, DON ADDIS; Q: WHAT IS HYPOCRISY? A: A
television screen depicts a T.V show called CHEAP COPY with two news
correspondents. Their statements are: TSK TSK! WASN'T ALL THAT SEXUAL STUFF WE
JUST SHOW YOU DISGUSTING?! and WE'LL BE BACK WITH MORE OF THE SAME AFTER THESE
MESSAGES! DON'T GO 'WAY!.

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              495 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

BIOGRAPHY

BYLINE: REVIEW OWEN RICHARDSON

SECTION: LIFE & STYLE; Books; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 251 words


EMPTY MANSIONS

By Bill Dedman and

Paul Clark Newell Jnr

Atlantic Books, $32.99

Copper magnate W. A. Clark was one of the lesser-known plutocrats of America's
Gilded Age. Generous to his workers and not given to sharp dealing, he combined
probity and liberalism with period-appropriate venality: he bought himself a
Senate seat, and when a corruption investigation took it off him, he pulled some
bold and sleazy tricks to get it back. He also built one of New York's most
ostentatious Beaux-Arts mansions, a house so elaborate that only he could afford
to live there: soon after his death it was pulled down.

He made the money, and the surviving late daughter of his second marriage spent
as much of it as she could. Huguette Clark, who died in 2011 aged 105, was a
recluse whose main interest in life was collecting dolls, her only friends her
employees.

Her relatives saw arrested development, though she was also intelligent,
artistically gifted and didn't have a mean bone in her body. Her other hobby was
giving money to people, staff, old flames, artists she liked, and never with a
mind to dominating them. Inevitably the family accused her beneficiaries of
exploiting her, and when this book went to press her will was still being
disputed in the courts.

Her other eccentricity was keeping fully staffed houses and apartments in which
she never set foot. For puritans the wastefulness may trump the charm of this
unreal, well-told tale. But as millionaire recluses go, she was one of the
less-sordid ones.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 14, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A PROFIT IS INSURED

BYLINE: By PETER PASSELL; Peter Passell is a member of the editorial board of
The New York Times.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 9, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 1033 words


THE INVISIBLE BANKERS Everything the Insurance Industry Never Wanted You to
Know.  By Andrew Tobias.  Illustrated. 336 pp. New York: The Linden Press/Simon
& Schuster. $15.50.

ACCORDING to his publisher, everybody loves Andrew Tobias: book reviewers, book
clubs, readers of his hip book on personal finance (''The Only Investment Guide
You'll Ever Need''), even William F.  Buckley Jr. Not me. I'm too jealous of his
ability to transform a dense analysis of insurance into a good read.

He accomplishes part of this trick by larding the heavy stuff with slightly
relevant trivia. Where else are you likely to learn of an insurance company
grown so large that it had five agents surnamed Patel? (Given names:
Chandrakant, Jayanti, Jaydev, Vishnu, Viren.) Or that, laid end to end, the
1,895,000 employees of the nation's insurance industry would reach from lower
Manhattan to the suburbs of Salt Lake City? Or that the Chicago fire of 1871
bankrupted 68 insurance companies?

Who but Mr. Tobias would count the number of successful malpractice suits
brought against clergymen? (There haven't been any, but at least two companies
insure against such suits anyway.) Or record for posterity the damages awarded
to a man for ''loss of consortium'' with his wife due to a fractured toe?
($182,000.) Or investigate whether a masochist who is accidentally strangled in
a hanging ritual has, in fact, committed suicide? (He hasn't. All that matters
is intent. And why are you so interested?)

Another chunk of ''The Invisible Bankers'' surveys the venality and sloth of an
industry only marginally accountable to the public. Take the matter of ''loss
ratios,'' the percentage of premiums paid back in claims. When you buy those
gold lame sweat shirts on time, Bloomingdale's must let you know the interest
rate they charge for credit. And General Motors must keep you posted on the
latest steering-gear failure or gas-tank explosion. But American Express need
not inform customers that its ''economical'' flight insurance has never returned
more than 12 cents on the average premium dollar.  And Combined International
never mentioned that its immensely popular ''Little Giant'' accident policy
($200 for an eye, $500 for one limb, $2,000 for two) paid only about 10 cents on
the dollar.

Or consider the heights to which the industry has raised ''creative''
accounting. In 1978, Mr. Tobias recalls, The St. Paul Companies collected $131
million in medical malpractice premiums and reported $79 million in ''total
losses and loss expense incurred.'' Not a bad business, you say? Wait.

Of the $79 million loss, only $3.9 million was actually incurred in 1978. The
rest of the cash remained in St. Paul's investment portfolio, earning interest
against the hypothetical day when it would be redeemed for botched
appendectomies and misplaced bellybuttons.

Then there is the issue of ''mutual'' insurance companies, which are really
cooperative societies; they have no stockholders, only policyholders. Sounds
nice. But, as Mr. Tobias explains, sounds aren't everything.

With no stockholders to whine about the bottom line, mutual insurance executives
tend to develop a world view reminiscent of Charles A. Reich's ''The Greening of
America.'' Ponder, for example, the Equitable Life Assurance Society's chief
executive officer, Coy Eklund, reflecting on the loss of $100 million in the
company's property/ casualty line: ''I'm not a bit interested in whether it was
profitable. Our problem is that we're getting no enjoyment from the operation.''
But, then, Mr. Eklund could afford to be philosophical. As compensation for
enduring the unenjoyable, the policyholders paid him a salary of $445,301 in
1980.

Mr. Tobias offers some simple fixes for simple outrages. To give insurance
buyers a better understanding of the odds, insurers should be required to
publish loss ratios. To keep tabs on sleazy practices, some policing of the
industry should be transferred from state to Federal regulators. To increase
competition for life insurance, laws limiting the sale of cheap savings bank
coverage should be eliminated.

But, to his credit, Mr. Tobias focuses at least as much attention on the pure
waste built into the system, waste that only incidentally benefits the bad guys.
Insurance, he argues, is an inherently inefficient business.

A relatively small portion of revenues goes into profits or the compensation of
legitimate losses. The rest is spent investigating and classifying applicants or
fighting dubious claims. It seems that otherwise honest citizens, who would
never dream of filching an Almond Joy from the corner candy store, become
veritable Dillingers when contemplating a chance to rip off an insurance
company.

One solution: Insurance companies could pay less attention to culpability,
actual or potential. In the case of auto insurance, for instance, ''no-fault''
coverage would end the legal battles that now double the cost of insurance. Mr.
Tobias also suggests eliminating the costly procedure of categorizing drivers by
age or residence.  Categorization is rarely as fair as it appears, he argues,
and the requisite paper shuffle adds billions to the cost.

ANOTHER solution: We could buy less insurance, with bigger deductibles. Does
processing claims for small damages really make sense? Middle-income Americans,
after all, accept the financial responsibility for replacing $500 television
sets when they wear out. By the same logic, there is no compelling need to
insure against the theft of such sets.

Comparably, small life-insurance policies are always bad buys, since premiums go
mostly into covering the sellers' costs. Mr.  Tobias would set a minimum face
value of $25,000 on policies unless the sellers could show that at least 60
cents on the dollar would be returned in benefits.

If ''The Invisible Bankers'' has a weakness, it is Mr. Tobias's compulsion to
sugarcoat. He almost seems to say: The next three paragraphs have lots of big
words, but bear with me, and I'll reward you with a sexy anecdote or a good pun.
Condescending or not, his system works, for Andrew Tobias has deftly managed to
camouflage an analytical foundation report as a page turner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: review

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              497 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 10, 1995, Monday, Final Edition

Trains of Misguided Thought

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 1099 words


Thirteen long years ago, almost to the day, this space was devoted to reluctant
but emphatic criticism of the National Railroad Passenger Corp., aka Amtrak.
Acknowledging that "in some important respects Amtrak has indeed improved," I
nonetheless saw no choice except to conclude that "Amtrak simply doesn't work"
and that, on ample evidence, a more suitable name for it would be
Don't-Give-a-Damtrak.

That was a baker's dozen years ago. Those years have seen a steady deterioration
in Amtrak's tracks and equipment, as well in as the quality and courtesy of its
service. Oddly, though, this decline has not been accompanied by the concomitant
decline one would expect in congressional support for Amtrak. Even the new
Republican majority, whose members' zeal for budgetary search-and-destroy
missions seems to know no bounds, looks the other way when it comes to Amtrak.

The nationalized public railroad has become one of the fattest pork barrels
around. As such it provides stunning evidence of hypocrisy not merely here in
the capital, where duplicity is assumed to be intrinsic, but out there in the
great heartland as well, where rustics and provincials delight in contrasting
their own sturdy responsibility with the capital's pervasive venality.

Not that this should come as any real surprise, but it turns out that Middle
America is every bit as capable of self-serving hypocrisy as Inside-the-Beltway
Washington. Never mind that hardly anyone out there actually uses passenger
trains. They, or at any rate the most vocal of them, demand Amtrak service as
their right even as they demand that their federal taxes be cut to rock bottom.
Amtrak service has become the boondocks equivalent of the big-city big-league
sports franchise: If you haven't got one, you're out of it.

All of which explains why last week's announcement of cutbacks in Amtrak service
-- the second such announcement in two months -- fell so far short of addressing
Amtrak's problems in a direct, responsible manner. What needs to be done is
simple: Close Amtrak down and offer it, in whole or in parts, to the highest
bidder. What was done instead was merely the same old same old: cuts in train
service but not, with a few trivial exceptions, in routes. Amtrak claims that it
will save $ 173 million in the current fiscal year, but it really isn't saving
anything. It will still be running decrepit trains on outmoded tracks; it just
won't be running some of them quite so often.

That the new Republican majority not merely countenances but supports this
evasion of responsibility provides a revealing comment on its own hypocrisy. The
members of the new majority are against government, it seems, only when they
dislike what government does. They don't like "welfare mothers," whom they
assume to be opportunistic leeches upon the body politic, so they cut them off.
They do like subsidized public passenger trains that serve, if "serve" is the
word for it, communities in their districts, so they collaborate in the
perpetuation of those trains. The next time one of these people rises to lecture
us on fiscal responsibility, reach for the salt shaker.

According to Thomas Downs, president of Amtrak, with the latest round of
cutbacks "we're down to what we think is the defensible foundation of
rail-passenger service in this country."

It all depends on who's doing the defending, or the defining. There are those,
among whom for many years I was numbered, who believe that rail service is so
important not merely to our overall transportation network but also to our sense
of national unity that government subsidy is wholly justified; presumably it is
these to whom Downs refers, and presumably they would agree with him that we are
now down to a minimum below which we must not go.

The contrary view is that it is not the responsibility of a representative
government to provide its constituents with a service that, as they have made
abundantly plain through their behavior, they do not want. The truth is that the
"constituency" for nationalized passenger rail service to which Congress so
routinely capitulates is a chimera. In 1993 Americans spent nearly $ 500 billion
on transportation, ranging from new cars to bus and cab fares; they spent less
than $ 700 million of that on intercity, non-commuter rail travel. Given that a
great part of that $ 700 million surely was spent in the heavily traveled
Boston-New York-Washington corridor, it is clear that passenger rail travel is a
barely visible blip in the overall travel picture.

It is true that government spends money on other services that have relatively
small constituencies, but it is difficult to think of one in which outgo is more
disproportionate to demand than Amtrak. Apart from the Northeast Corridor and
perhaps the Los Angeles-San Diego route, passenger trains now mainly serve
railroad sentimentalists, fearful fliers and rubberneckers. That they do so at
public expense flies in the face of just about everything that Americans
allegedly believe government should do.

One may consider it both regrettable and shortsighted, as indeed I do, that
Americans choose to travel primarily by private automobile, but that is the
choice they have made and that explains why the highway infrastructure receives
so much government support. Ditto for the airway infrastructure; Americans
decided years ago that for intercity travel, especially business travel, they
preferred the antiseptic efficiency of planes to the cozy inefficiency of
trains, and government responded accordingly. If anything, it can be said that,
weighed against a clear lack of genuine public demand for passenger train
service, government has provided excessive subsidy rather than, as the Amtrak
lobby claims, insufficient support.

These are the words of a railroad sentimentalist. I am old enough to remember
white napkins and red roses in the dining cars of the New York, New Haven &
Hartford, and I still miss them. I think a high-speed train is a far more
sensible way to travel between the closely packed cities of the Northeast than a
plane. But I no longer believe that it is Washington's job to coddle me in my
nostalgia. Not merely that, but after a quarter century of running a railroad,
Washington has proved beyond any reasonable doubt that it has no idea how to do
so.

Put Amtrak on the block. Private interests will buy it, kill the unprofitable
routes and bring the workable ones up to speed. Privatization is hardly the
answer to all of government's problems, but in Don't-Give-a-Damtrak's case it's
the only answer.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              498 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       April 8, 1994 Friday FINAL EDITION

THE DRAMATIC AND TRAGIC STORY OF RAOUL WALLENBERG

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan, INQUIRER MOVIE CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 717 words


Filmmakers seeking an elliptical image of the Holocaust often focus on
trains clattering innocently across the landscape toward an awful destination.

In his remarkable and unsparing Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg, Swedish director
Kjell Grede begins on the same track and then takes us in a different direction.
A carefree young businessman named Raoul Wallenberg, scion of a Swedish banking
family and not one to dispute the assessment that he is an unambitious
mediocrity, sits in the dining car of a train halted at a station in Hungary.

It is World War II, and a freight train on its way to a concentration camp pulls
in. The doors open, and the bodies of Jews are tossed like so much trash into
the space between the two cars. As Wallenberg looks on in horror, a father leaps
from the cattle car to cradle the corpse of his young son. Shots ring out, and
the father joins his boy in death.

The story of Wallenberg, galvanized into action by what he witnessed during
business trips to Hungary, may be familiar, but Grede's approach to telling it
certainly isn't. Like Steven Spielberg in Schindler's List, which deservedly
dominated the Oscars, Grede confronts the darkness from a point of light. Where
Oskar Schindler's journey took him from venality to compassion and conscience,
Wallenberg's voyage involved something more subtle and less easily shown by the
camera. If Schindler found redemption in saving Jews in Poland, Wallenberg - at
least in Grede's view - discovered a higher purpose in his life.

Grede lacks both the effortless command of narrative and the prodigious
technique that Spielberg lavished on Schindler's List, and he can be jarringly
episodic in telling Wallenberg's story. But a commanding performance from
Stellan Skarsgard as Wallenberg - and a depiction of what the Nazis did to men,
women and children that's every bit as head-on as Spielberg's - make Good
Evening, Mr. Wallenberg a distinguished and deeply moving addition to the cinema
of the Holocaust.

Wallenberg did not undergo some blinding moment of conversion. Instead, he was
jolted out of a comfortable routine by the appalling carnage he encountered. He
went to Budapest in 1944 and, using money contributed by Swedes and concerned
Americans, rented and bought safe houses. He issued Swedish papers to 20,000
Jews, which gave them - for a time at least - a measure of immunity and a
glimmer of hope. He fought desperately to save 70,000 others who were trapped in
the ghetto in even greater peril.

Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg is divided between Wallenberg's campaign for the
ghetto Jews and his efforts to rescue about 20 Jews who were under his immediate
protection. The fate of this small group serves two purposes in the film: Its
individual members put a face on suffering, and the fact that they are in more
danger from the Hungarian fascists, who are eager to do the bloody bidding of
the Nazis, adds another dimension to Grede's movie.

In the broader fight for the lives in the ghetto, Wallenberg's opponent is
Adolph Eichmann. In the smaller standoff, he must deal with a crazed Hungarian
thug named Ferenc Moser. Moser is a chilling reminder of how much willing
cooperation the Germans found among rabid anti-Semites in the countries they
occupied.

Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg is ambiguous on the key point of Wallenberg's fate.
When Soviet troops stormed into Budapest, Wallenberg was captured and
sent to Moscow - a hero to the rest of the world, but a suspected American spy
to the Soviets. His end remains shrouded in mystery, with Moscow contending that
he died in 1957 in prison but others insisting he was seen years later.

Whatever the truth, there is no denying the final irony in the life of a great
man. Wallenberg went from fighting one tyrant only to perish in the clutches of
another.

GOOD EVENING, MR. WALLENBERG * * * *

Produced by Katinka Farago, directed and written by Kjell Grede, photography by
Esa Vuorinen, music by Janos Solyom, distributed by First Run Features. In
Swedish with subtitles.

Running time: 1:55

Raoul Wallenberg - Stellan Skarsgard

Marja - Katharina Thalbach

Szamosi - Karoly Eperjes

Moser - Miklos B. Szekely

Parent's guide: No MPAA rating (graphic violence, executions, nudity, adult
themes.)

Showing at: Roxy Theater

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON SCREEN
REVIEW: FILM

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            December 22, 2003 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Movies;
SATURDAY

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 601 words


Hook (1991)


Ten, 7.30pm

A disgusting farrago that traduces the essence of J. M. Barrie's gentle story
and tries to knead it into a sentiment-laden dollop of Speilbergian philosophy
about rediscovering the eternal youth within us. The Great Ormond Street
Hospital would probably refuse the tainted shilling offered up for access to the
story rights as films such as this are, to all intents and purposes, a vicious
attack on children. Robin Williams stars as Peter Banning , a ruthless pirate
struggling to free the Peter Pan spirit deep within his soul. Dustin Hoffman ,
Bob Hoskins , Julia Roberts and a troupe of toothy Lost Spunkboys ponce about
like extras in an awards ceremony devised by Michael Jackson and performed with
choreographed emotional intensity at Disneyland.

This isn't about liberating the imagination; it's a cake-decorator's guide to
constraining it with skateboarding, overt sexuality done exactly wrong and an
overblown pantomime, with mermaids all in a row. Spielberg may wish to
flagellate himself and his generation for its indulgence in the '60s, for the
Wall Street venality of the '80s, and to plead for men to return to taws and act
as fathers, not just providers but it seems a sense of claustrophobia informs
his vision. Newsweek was on the money lots of it when its reviewer concluded:
"By the time this overstuffed epic comes to its conclusion, you feel you've been
watching the dance of an 800-pound elf."

The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle (1939)

ABC, 2pm

One of the best Rogers/Astaire musicals their last for RKO is inspired by a
husband-and wife-dance team who rose to prominence in Paris before achieving
international celebrity status. Vern swapped his tux for a flying suit during
World War I as a flight instructor for the Royal Canadian Flying Corps and was
killed during an aerial display aged 26. His widow, who devised the rather dull
title, demanded that Ginger portray her as a brunette, not a blonde. In fact, as
a technical adviser to the production, she became such a nuisance that producers
George Haight and Pandro S. Berman resorted to a ruse involving vivisection
legislation in an upcoming Californian election to get her off the set. The
film, with Fred and Ginger under choreographer Hermes Pan (not Peter), is
anything but dull even though the familiar zing is somewhat restrained.

Brief Crossing (2001)

SBS, 12.25am (Sunday)

Catherine Breillat (who directed the controversial Romance and Fat Girl ),
offers this drama about a 16-year-old French boy, Thomas , who manages to board
a ferry from Le Havre to Portsmouth despite his papers not being entirely in
order and initiate a liaison with a thirtysomething woman. In the ferry's
cafeteria the good looking (and he knows it) teenager encounters Alice , an
English woman with a fair few chips (and vinegar) on her shoulder. Thomas knows
how to chat up females but there's something about Alice that cuts across the
grain of his experience. It's as if he is the female and she is calling the
shots. Alice is rather too mercurial for Thomas to seduce with the usual lines.
Is she after his vulnerability seeking to consume it as an antidote to the
humiliations she has suffered at the hands of other men? Thomas knows little of
the wrath of a woman scorned but he's hot to trot. Will he be burned? As usual,
Breillat packs a lot of intelligent provocations into this 80-minute dance.

Gone Fishin' (1997)

Seven, 8.30pm

When lifelong mates and incurably slewfooted dunderheads Gus and Joe win a
fishing vacation in Florida's Everglades , every conceivable mishap attends
their expedition. Wary viewers will not.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: As high as five-day-old bait: Danny Glover and Joe Pesci
wasting their talent in Gone Fishin'. Hook, line and total stinker.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 13, 2002, Sunday

ENRON: COUNTDOWN TO A SCANDAL

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL KRAMER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 836 words

Enron isn't Watergate, Whitewater or the Monica Lewinsky scandal - yet. And
Kenneth Lay, Enron's chairman, isn't a household name - yet.

But it's early, and this one, unlike, say, the Gary Condit affair, is seriously
serious. There's nothing fake about it, nothing confected by the media or
magnified out of proportion to grab ratings.

It's not about private sexual transgressions or minor business transactions
undertaken in the distant past. It's about greed on an epic scale, and much of
the apparent treachery occurred after the Bush administration took power.

Already, the Enron saga has a key, titillating ingredient - the destruction of
documents by the company's accounting firm both before and after the Securities
and Exchange Commission began a formal investigation into Enron's finances in
the fall.

This is no minor matter. Missing stuff always means trouble. We know - from the
infamous 18 1/2-minute gap on one of Richard Nixon's Watergate tapes and from
the Whitewater documents that disappeared and then mysteriously reappeared in
the White House living quarters during the Clinton administration - that fooling
with the evidence almost always signals an inferno of venality beneath the
surface suspicions of wrongdoing.

The list of big shots caught up in what we already know is breathtaking. Lay is
a personal friend of everyone who's anyone in the Bush administration -
beginning with the President himself - and he and his company have been major
financial backers of Team Bush from way back.

Influence at top levels

In fact, Enron's reach is so great that Attorney General John Ashcroft has
recused himself from the Justice Department's embryonic investigation because he
took $57,000 in campaign contributions from Enron executives when he was a U.S.
senator from Missouri.

More incredibly, in Houston, where Enron has its headquarters, the entire U.S.
attorney's office also has recused itself because many of its 100 or so lawyers
had family or other relationships with people affected by Enron's Dec. 2
bankruptcy filing.

Back in Washington, it remains to be seen whether Vice President Cheney,
Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill and Commerce Secretary Don Evans will be
significantly caught up in the mess because of their numerous conversations and
contacts with Enron as the company was tanking.

Cheney and some of his staffers met frequently with Enron officials during their
secret deliberations over energy policy last year, while O'Neill and Evans took
calls from Lay in which they were asked to help stop Moody's from downgrading
billions of dollars in Enron debt. Both cabinet secretaries say they rejected
Lay's appeals - and the subsequent fall in Enron's rating to junk-bond status
Nov. 28 was the last straw, precipitating its bankruptcy four days later.

If ever there were a case that demanded the appointment of an independent
counsel, this is it. Unfortunately, the old law has expired, so some special
legislation may be necessary to appoint one. At a minimum, the eight
congressional investigations into Enron slated to begin shortly will have to be
consolidated before any meaningful inquiry can be conducted.

Fat cats get fatter

As the poking around begins, Congress will likely focus on the plight of Enron's
stockholders, including thousands of the company's employees, whose 401(k)s are
filled with Enron's virtually worthless securities. Those unfortunates have lost
millions in pension savings and were precluded from diversifying their
portfolios while their bosses, who knew the sorry facts, got their money out
before Enron collapsed.

The administration may have thought the war against terrorism would shield it
from media attention on Enron - but the press is pretty much like the military.
A rule of thumb says the armed forces should always be prepared to fight two
major conflicts at the same time. Similarly, the press is geared to devote
significant reporting resources to two major stories at the same time. In fact,
for the media, two big stories unfolding simultaneously is nirvana. Whenever
there's a lull in developments in one, the other usually can be relied on to
produce fireworks.

Bush has only one way out - total disclosure of every contact, every phone call,
every financial dealing and every potential conflict of interest between Enron's
key players and anyone at any level who works for the government. A modified,
limited hangout of the kind Nixon favored is a prescription for disaster, both
political and criminal.

The arc of political-money scandals is depressingly familiar. There's a lot of
Yogi Berra here - deja vu all over again.

What we know now - at the start - will likely pale once the malefactors seek
plea bargains to minimize their exposure to punishment. And given the complexity
of Enron's finances and the company's ties to senior Bush aides, this mess - on
the verge of being labeled a scandal - may well consume the administration for
its entire term.

  E-mail: mkramer@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN,COLUMN

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.
