
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Too much money, too little leadership, stain college football

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 604 words


The 2011 college football season, which kicks off today, has this PR disaster on
the schedule: On Sept.17, Ohio State plays Miami (Fla.) in the "Probation Bowl."
Or at least that should be the name.

Five key Ohio State players have been suspended for five games for trading
jerseys, championship rings and other memorabilia for tattoos and other
benefits. Absent, too, will be coach Jim Tressel, who resigned under fire after
school officials learned that he had covered up his knowledge about the players'
wrongdoing.

Miami, meanwhile, has one-upped the Buckeyes in the scandal department. On
Tuesday, eight players were suspended for anywhere from one to six games. The
NCAA is investigating allegations that at least 72 Miami players took money,
prostitutes and other benefits over eight years from Nevin Shapiro, a Hurricanes
booster now in prison for running a multimillion dollar Ponzi scheme.

Such wrongdoing is hardly rare among NCAA powerhouses. In the past year alone,
former University of Southern California star Reggie Bush returned his Heisman
Trophy, and the recruitment of last season's Heisman winner, Cam Newton, is
under investigation.

Details differ, but no matter where cheating occurs, its roots are the same: too
much money and too little leadership.

Beyond prestige, the drive to win championships is about big bucks from TV
appearances and sales of tickets and memorabilia. Losing coaches get fired.
Winning coaches get rich contracts, often with bonuses tied to earning a berth
in a major bowl. In 1978, legendary Ohio State coach Woody Hayes was paid about
$43,000. Tressel's compensation for the same job last year was $3.9 million.

But as the prizes for victory have grown exponentially, NCAA rules have failed
to keep pace. There are many of them (a tangled 434 pages worth), but the
rewards for breaking them far outweigh the costs of getting caught.

The NCAA aggravates that problem by doling out weak sanctions instead of tough
punishment that might serve as a deterrent. While Ohio State's transgressing
players were suspended last season, for example, they were allowed to compete in
the Sugar Bowl anyway and serve the suspensions this year. The NCAA's "death
penalty," which bars a school from competition for at least a year, hasn't been
imposed for nearly a quarter-century. The NCAA can ban team TV appearances, but
that last happened in 1996.

In the spring of 2009, the NCAA's infractions committee recommended that the
NCAA board of directors -- made up of college presidents -- bring the TV ban
back to life and toughen other sanctions. More than two years and umpteen
scandals later, the board has yet to approve the changes.

Which brings us to leadership. Coaches won't change a system that benefits them.
Neither will athletic directors. Only university presidents can change the
win-at-any-cost mentality. They can demand NCAA penalties that might make
players and coaches think twice before cheating. The NCAA can't easily attack
the agents, boosters and other hangers-on who corrupt young players, but schools
led by courageous presidents could bring civil lawsuits against those who induce
student-athletes to break NCAA rules. Ohio State President Gordon Gee, who has
led three major universities, and Miami President Donna Shalala, a former
Cabinet secretary under President Clinton, have the prestige and clout to lead a
cleanup effort. They've settled for a few bland statements instead.

NCAA President Mark Emmert, who called a "retreat" to discuss changes with 50
college presidents, promises they're going to get tough this time. We wish him
well. But this feels like instant replay.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                 July 10, 2008

Accidents and Disasters;
Payments Set for Rhode Island Nightclub Fire

SECTION: Pg. 467F2

LENGTH: 208 words


Elmwood Park, New Jersey-based Sealed Air Corp. June 13 said it would pay $25
million in damages to victims of a 2003 nightclub fire in West Warwick, Rhode
Island, in which 100 people had died. Lawyers for the victims said Sealed Air
had produced polyethylene foam installed in the club, which had caught fire and
produced toxic fumes. Sealed Air did not admit wrongdoing and argued that it had
never been proven that the material in question had been made by the company. A
spokesman said the company's insurer would pay the settlement. [See 2006 Crime:
Club Owners Sentenced for 2003 Rhode Island Fire]

Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. of St. Louis, Missouri, and one of its distributors,
Cranston, Rhode Island-based McLaughlin & Moran Inc., May 23 had agreed to pay
$21 million to victims of the club fire. Lawyers for the victims had argued that
McLaughlin & Moran had promoted an unsafe event. Neither company admitted
wrongdoing, and Gary Rutledge, Anheuser-Busch's vice president for legal
affairs, said the company sympathized with the families of victims, and would
"direct the resources we would have committed to defending these lawsuits to
those families."

The settlements required approval from each plaintiff, and from a federal judge.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Facts on File, Inc.


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Audit uncovers misconduct

SECTION: Z_RELIGION

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A preliminary investigation of longtime financial wrongdoing in the
administration of the Orthodox Church in America confirmed claims of impropriety
that outside auditors said ''centered on and around one individual.''

The Holy Synod of Bishops and the Metropolitan Council, which oversees church
administration, said that financial controls had been ''circumvented'' at least
since 1998, and that auditors had uncovered a ''pattern of personal use of
church money'' for years.

The person believed responsible was not identified in the Dec. 12 statement.

No figure was released on the amount of money involved.

A spokesman for the 400,000-member church, based in Syosset, N.Y., said he could
provide no further details.

Church leaders commissioned the audit following claims by former treasurer,
Protodeacon Eric Wheeler, that the church chancellor, Robert S. Kondratick, and
Metropolitan Theodosius, the now retired head of the church, were the chief
perpetrators of ''financial corruption.''

Among the wrongdoing auditors said they uncovered were falsified financial
reports and attempts to divert money that had been donated to charity.

Harry Kutner, an attorney for Kondratick, said Tuesday ''it's pretty obvious''
the person singled out in the report is his client. Kutner insists that the
clergyman, who was dismissed as chancellor in March, did nothing wrong. ''He has
nothing to hide,'' Kutner said, arguing leaders of the denomination are
scapegoating Kondratick to maintain their authority in the church.

Theodosius, who retired in 2002, declined to comment.

Mark Stokoe, a Dayton, Ohio, layman who runs ocanews.org, which is pressing the
church for reform, called the preliminary results ''a step in the right
direction.'' The audit was conducted by the accounting firm Lambrides Lamos
Moulthrop and the law firm Proskauer Rose.

The church has appointed a committee of laypeople and clergy to oversee the rest
of the Proskauer Rose investigation, which is expected to conclude within a few
months. Church leaders are also overhauling their administrative structure to
prevent any future wrongdoing.

--------

http://www.oca.org/http://ocanews.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           August 22, 1984 Wednesday

Court asks Robins to explain   missing file on Dalkon Shield

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: New York NY


NEW YORK  (DJ) - A. H. Robins Co. Inc. of Richmond, Va., is to appear in
 federal court in Minneapolis this week to explain the circumstances under
 which documents pertaining to the company's Dalkon Shield contraceptive
 disappeared, despite a court order protecting them.

The documents in question deal with Dalkon Shield medical studies,
 notes taken at a 1975 meeting of Robins officials and tape recordings that
 may have been made of conversations among medical officials. The health-
 care company acknowledges that some documents were thrown away this spring
 but says the destruction was accidental and denies any wrongdoing.

U.S. Magistrate Patrick McNulty, who ordered Robins officials to appear
 before him today, said he has no doubt documents were destroyed in
 defiance of a court order. He said he cannot determine exactly who is
 responsible but made it clear it will be up to Robins to prove it acted in
 good faith to preserve the missing documents.

The Dalkon Shield is an intrauterine contraceptive device, made by
 Robins until 1974, that has been linked to serious illness and sometimes
 death in wearers. Women have filed about 10,700 Dalkon Shield-related
 lawsuits over the past 12 years and although Robins has denied wrongdoing,
 it settled about 6,900 of them for more than $200-million (U.S.).

Lawyers representing several hundred Minnesota women who brought Dalkon
 Shield suits against Robins maintain that because the documents are gone,
 the magistrate should rule against Robins and decide how much the
 plaintiffs should be awarded. Whatever the magistrate rules, his decision
 can be appealed to Federal Judge Robert Renner in St. Paul.

The documents in question are not directly related to those described
 three weeks ago by a former Robins lawyer, Roger Tuttle. Mr. Tuttle
 surprised a Minnesota courtroom by testifying that he had destroyed
 hundreds of Dalkon Shield documents in 1975 on orders from the company's
 vice-president and general counsel, William Forrest. In a deposition taken
 Friday in Richmond, Mr. Forrest denied all of Mr. Tuttle's allegations,
 describing his legal work for Robins as "haphazard."
    In asking the magistrate to rule against Robins, the plaintiffs'
 lawyers also request that Mr. Forrest, his paralegal, Patricia Lashley,
 and six outside lawyers and paralegals for Robins be found in contempt of
 court. They are also asking that the court impose fines against Robins.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Bipartisan Group of Senators Launches Whistleblower Protection Caucus

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Chuck Grassley, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, a bipartisan group of senators today launched the Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative
issues affecting the treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse
for current information on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.
It will also coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need
of assistance in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation
allegations.

The founding members of the Whistleblower protection Caucus are senators Chuck
Grassley of Iowa (chairman), Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice-chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation. Some of them have already been
targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the environment for
whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step forward when they
encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip our Senate
colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who play a vital
role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct," Grassley said.

"Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant. That's been true for a long time and there
is no better proof than whistleblowers who shine a light where others have not.
Sadly, instead of being rewarded for speaking out, whistleblowers often face
retaliation and serious career threats for doing what's right, what's necessary
and for exposing practices that waste tax dollars and even risk public safety.
We are all better off when whistleblowers can step forward without fear. That's
what this Caucus is designed to foster and it's why I'm pleased to join Sen.
Grassley and my colleagues in this effort," Wyden said.

"As the author of the Military Whistleblower Protection Act, I am proud to join
Senators Grassley and Wyden as a founding member of the bipartisan Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. I look forward to continuing to build on past efforts to
protect whistleblowers from harassment and retaliation," Boxer said.

"The size and scope of the federal government have grown far beyond the ability
of Congress to provide oversight on its own. Whistleblowers who courageously
expose waste, fraud and abuse are performing an incredibly important service to
their fellow citizens. They deserve all the protection from retaliation that
Congress can provide," Johnson said.

"Too often whistleblowers who simply tell the truth end up risking their jobs,
or in terrible circumstances, even their own well-being to shine a light on
possible safety or security violations. We must do everything we can to ensure
whistleblowers are protected and are not subjected to harassment or retaliation
for serving as modern-day Paul Reveres. I thank Senators Grassley and Wyden for
their leadership convening this caucus and look forward to working with my
colleagues to support whistleblowers who come forward when issues arise," Markey
said.

"I look forward to working with my colleagues on initiatives that preserve the
liberties of individuals who bring professional and ethical misconduct to light
- moral courage that can  oftentimes come at great personal cost," Tillis said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

NAMES & FACES

SECTION: Style; C03

LENGTH: 633 words


As news spread yesterday that former FBI big banana W. Mark Felt was indeed Deep
Throat, the Ritz-Carlton Washington thought you should drink to it with a "Deep
Throat."

So we bit: What's in the drink?

"Creme de cacao, vodka and cream," the drink's creator, assistant food and
beverage director Ian McPhee, confided to us yesterday. "But then there's a
little secret inside the drink. But here at the Ritz-Carlton, we don't kiss and
tell."

Pause.

We wait and . . .

"It's actually a little Hershey kiss. But you don't see it until you're halfway
through the drink  --  or until you get to the bottom of it."

He was counselor to the president under Richard Nixon, so we were dying to know
what Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld thought about an FBI guy being Deep
Throat. And, of course, he was asked yesterday during a Pentagon news
conference. His reply: "I think any time any wrongdoing occurs, I think it's
important that wrongdoing be reported. Now who one reports that to  --  the
authorities is one thing, or somebody else is another." But, he added, "I'm not
in any judgmental mood."

Neil Armstrong wants his hair back  --  or else.

The first man to walk on the moon is threatening to sue a barbershop owner who
collected Armstrong's hair after a trim and sold it to a collector for $3,000.

Armstrong used to get his hair cut at Marx's Barber Shop in Lebanon, Ohio, until
he learned that Marx Sizemore had collected his clippings from the floor and
sold them last year.

"I didn't deny it or anything," Sizemore said. He said Armstrong asked him to
retrieve the hair, but the buyer refused, and "then I got this letter from his
lawyer."

The letter, which contends that the sale violated an Ohio law protecting the
rights of famous people, threatens legal action if Sizemore does not return the
hair or contribute his profit to charity. It also asks Sizemore to pay
Armstrong's legal expenses. Sizemore said he's already spent most of the money
on bills and won't agree to the requests.

Armstrong's lawyer, Ross Wales of Cincinnati, did not return a call seeking
comment.

Sizemore said he sold the hair to John Reznikoff of Westport, Conn., who is
listed by Guinness World Records as having the largest collection of hair from
historical celebrities. The collection, insured for $1 million, includes hair
from Abraham Lincoln, Marilyn Monroe, Albert Einstein and Napoleon.

Rapper 50 Cent has decided to go after dollars, suing three video production
companies for allegedly using footage from an interview without honoring an
agreement to make a charitable donation.

The 28-year-old, whose real name is Curtis James Jackson III, alleges that he
agreed to an interview with Czar Entertainment about Kelvin Martin, a 1980s
criminal who went by the street name 50 Cent. He says the free interview was to
be used for a video series called "Infamous Times." In return, the company
agreed to donate money to Martin's family or to 50 Cent's charity, the G-Unity
Foundation, according to the lawsuit, filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court.

But the lawsuit contends that Czar Entertainment instead used the footage for a
DVD called "The Original 50 Cent: The True Story of the Legend Who Inspired the
Biggest Name in Rap."

Representatives at Czar Entertainment couldn't be reached yesterday.

50 Cent wants Czar Entertainment and co-defendants Vision Plant Pictures and
Premo Pictures barred from selling the DVD. The lawsuit also seeks unspecified
damages and any profits from the video.

The crooner of songs such as "Forever Young" and "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?," Rod
Stewart, 60, is expecting his first child with his fiancee, model-photographer
Penny Lancaster. Stewart already has five children with three other women.

--  Compiled by Clint Walker

from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 10, 2011 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

TULSA ;
MAYOR'S OUSTER IS REJECTED

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: NEWS; IN BRIEF; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 537 words



Attorney General Scott Pruitt has rejected a Tulsa City Council member's request
to launch an investigation and ouster action against Mayor Dewey Bartlett Jr.,
shown at right. Pruitt announced his decision Friday in a letter to John
Eagleton. Eagleton sent documents to Pruitt's office in April calling for an
investigation into allegations of wrongdoing by Bartlett and seeking Bartlett's
removal. Pruitt says he denied the request because of legal defects in
affidavits for ouster submitted by Eagleton. Even if the affidavits had been
sufficient, Pruitt says some of the alleged grounds for Bartlett's removal do
not warrant ouster proceedings. The allegations include that Bartlett has been
absent from city council meetings, accepted free gifts or services from a city
contractor and solicited people to file lawsuits against the city. Bartlett has
denied wrongdoing.

BETHANY

SNU professor to lead discussion

Linda Everett, a Southern Nazarene University professor, will discuss ways to
improve teaching excellence during a national conference in Washington. The
National Board for Professional Teaching Standards Conference will be July
27-30. Everett will lead a discussion about how universities can prepare
education students for National Board Certification. The conference will be
available online. For more information, go to
www.nbpts.org/about_us/2011_national_conference/virtual_conference.

NORMAN

Team finishes second in contest

The University of Oklahoma's Sooner Racing Team finished second at the Formula
SAE-West Competition in Fontana, Calif. The team was among 61 teams from eight
countries that participated in the competition. During static events, OU placed
fourth in engineering design, 13th in business sales presentation and 19th in
cost. During dynamic events, the team placed 10th in acceleration, fifth in
endurance and sixth in an autocross event. OU students won a skid pad event.
This marks the university's sixth-straight top-10 finish. OU is ranked third in
the nation, and team officials expect the university will move up when new world
rankings are released.

STILLWATER

OSU competes in NASA event

A team from Oklahoma State University did not win a NASA competition to develop
an inflatable space habitat, but astronauts who helped judge the competition
were impressed by the design, the team's adviser said. NASA officials said they
want to explore the design elements for their manned space exploration program,
said Jamey Jacob, the team adviser. OSU was one of three schools selected to
participate in the competition, won by the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

WEATHERFORD

SWOSU hosts language event

The Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribal College is hosting a free language conference
this month at Southwestern Oklahoma State University. The conference, called
"Giving Voice to the Tsistsistas and Hinonoei," also is sponsored by the
Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribal Historic Preservation Office. Tribal college
presidents and traditional tribal knowledge experts are scheduled to speak
during the three-day event July 26-28. Participants will learn tribal stories
and cultural customs, among other activities. For more information, call Gail
Wilcox at (580) 774-3139 or Lynnette Gray at 422-7622.


LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Mayor Dewey Bartlett Jr.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 16, 1989, Friday, Late Edition - Final

School Pursuit Of Corruption Is Put in Doubt

BYLINE: By SAM HOWE VERHOVEK, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 15


A sampling of corruption allegations made to the New York City Board of
Education last year found that half the cases showed no evidence of being
investigated, state auditors said today.

Auditors from the Department of Education looked at 137 of the 1,611 complaints
received by the board in the 1987-88 school year. They said they had found no
way to document the extent of the board's inquiries into most of the allegations
they sampled.

But maintaining that their aim was to assist city school officials rather than
to criticize them, the officials declined to accuse the board of failing to
adequately investigate wrongdoing in the schools or among the city's 32 local
school boards. #9 Investigations A firmer judgment was issued by Thomas Sobol,
the state's Education Commissioner. He said the audit clearly showed that if the
board had had a more effective system of investigation, many cases of corruption
in school boards could have been ''deterred or discovered'' long before last
winter. Only then, after the arrest of a Bronx principal on drug charges led to
prosecutors' inquiries, were patterns of wrongdoing uncovered and indictments
returned.

The ethical and financial irregularities revealed in recent months have led to
at least nine investigations by state and local authorities, including a special
panel set up by Mayor Edward I. Koch.

In a 19-page response to the audit and in a letter to Mr. Sobol signed by the
Board of Education's President and Chancellor, school officials essentially
challenged the Education Department to provide them with more money to
strengthen the board's investigative programs.

The response termed the audit ''generally accurate,'' but did not address the
handling of the particular cases that showed no signs of having been
investigated.

Among the cases the auditors examined were allegations of theft, child abuse,
drug sales, timecard irregularities, bribery and assault.

Barely a quarter of the cases sampled were accompanied by a formal
''investigative plan,'' although such a plan is required in the manual of the
Inspector General's office, the board's agency that is responsible for
researching complaints.

The letter from Board President Robert F. Wagner Jr. and interim Chancellor
Bernard Mecklowitz said that many of the improvements suggested in the audit
would require more investigators and that it was ''not clear at this time that
we have the resources'' to add them. The Inspector General's office has about 60
full-time investigators.

Actual Corruption Is Unclear

''If the State is willing to earmark the necessary funding, we will move towards
implementation,'' the letter said.

The auditors did not follow up on the complaints in the files it examined to
determine whether wrongdoing had actually occurred. Therefore, in the cases that
showed no evidence of having been investigated, it was not clear whether the
Inspector General's office had in fact failed to uncover corruption.

Making such a determination was beyond the scope of the audit, said Henry
Fernandez, deputy commissioner for the professions in the Education Department,
who gave a briefing to reporters today. He said the 29 officials involved in the
audit had intended to ''review what systems were in place to identify
wrongdoing'' rather than to establish whether investigators were in fact
ferreting out corruption.

The audit did say that procedures for the board to conduct investigations are
''little known and widely ignored when known'' among school employees. And it
made a series of recommendations for improvements in the system.

Mandatory Reporting

Included were calls for a ''mandatory reporting requirement'' for all school
board employees knowing of corruption, although how such a requirement could be
enforced was not addressed. The auditors also said the Board of Education should
revise manuals for investigations and conduct education and publicity campaigns
about the need to uncover wrongdoing.

The Inspector General's office has no power to issue subpoenas or to discipline
employees, but it is charged with telling district attorneys about matters that
could lead to criminal prosecution. Suspicions of non-criminal wrongdoing are
supposed to be forwarded to the appropriate officials in the schools system.

In January, State Comptroller Edward V. Regan said that a growing number of New
York City's local school districts had overspent their budgets and that the
central Board of Education had shown a ''disturbing lack of effectiveness'' in
stopping the process.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                December 5, 2011

INVESTING;
Judge: No-fault SEC deal is weak, ineffective

LENGTH: 525 words


INVESTING Judge: No-fault SEC deal is weak, ineffective

A federal judge in Manhattan took a stand against lax oversight of the financial
industry, rejecting a $285 million settlement between the Securities and
Exchange Commission and Citigroup-and setting a July trial date.

U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff on Nov. 28 said he could not approve the deal
because it did not require Citigroup to admit wrongdoing.

Last month, Citigroup agreed to settle an SEC lawsuit alleging that it misled
investors in a $1 billion mortgage fund containing subprime loans it believed
would fail. Citigroup took a short position-a bet that the value of the fund
would decline-and made over $160 million; investors lost $700 million.

A federal judge must approve such settlements and historically most have
rubber-stamped them. But in reviewing this case, Rakoff asked both the SEC and
Citigroup to answer nine questions.

The first: "Why should the court impose a judgment in a case in which the SEC
alleges a serious securities fraud but the defendant neither admits nor denies
wrongdoing?"

The boilerplate no-fault language accompanies most such settlements-along with
an agreement not to violate the securities laws in the future. But the SEC
rarely goes after companies that break that promise.

"How many contempt proceedings against large financial entities has the SEC
brought in the past decade as a result of violations of prior consent
judgments?" Rakoff asked.

In fact, an analysis by The New York Times of SEC enforcement actions over the
past 15 years found at least 51 cases involving 19 firms where the institutions
broke anti-fraud laws they had agreed to never again breach.

Rakoff called Citigroup a "recidivist" since the SEC already had issued
ceaseand-desist orders in 2005 and 2006 prohibiting violations of the same
securities laws the company is accused of breaking with the mortgage fund. He
questioned whether the SEC was serious about seeking an injunction against
repeat offenders.

The SEC says it has been the agency's policy since 1972 to avoid having
defendants publicly admit fault after agreeing to a settlement. To admit
liability would open the firms up to numerous and potent investor lawsuits. The
SEC's position is that swift penalties, obtained without the costs and
uncertainty of trial, outweigh the absence of admission.

Rakoff asked hard questions: "How can a securities fraud of this nature and
magnitude be the result simply of negligence?" And, why are Citigroup
shareholders paying the penalty in this case rather than the "culpable
individual offenders" within the firm?

The SEC is expected to file charges against other Wall Street firms related to
their dealings in subprime mortgage securitizations. Perhaps Rakoff's actions
will challenge the agency to hold firms to a higher level of accountability,
instead of enforcement actions that thus far have been viewed as toothless and
amounting to slaps on the wrist.

*

Skarbeck is managing partner of Indianapolisbased Aldebaran Capital LLC, a money
management firm. His column appears every other week. Views expressed are his
own. He can be reached at 818-7827 or ken@aldebarancapital.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 29, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Florida Urologist Investigated In Dilution of Cancer Drug

BYLINE:  By DANA CANEDY

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Nov. 28


Federal authorities are investigating whether a urologist gave prostate cancer
patients diluted doses of an expensive drug prescribed for the disease.

Investigators said today that they were trying to determine whether the
urologist, Dr. Victor Souaid, deliberately gave certain patients inadequate
amounts of the medication, Lupron. On Tuesday, the Food and Drug Administration
began alerting Dr. Souaid's patients about the possibility that they had been
given too little Lupron.

In an unusual step, the agency also announced that Dr. Souaid was part of a
continuing investigation.

"The F.D.A. is issuing this warning because of the potentially significant
health implications for prostate cancer patients who may not have received
sufficient amounts of Lupron," the agency said.

A special agent for the F.D.A. in Fort Lauderdale, Doug Fabel, said the agency
did not usually discuss pending inquiries but had decided that it needed to make
public its inquiry about Dr. Souaid to reach as many patients as possible whom
he might have treated at his practice here, Urology P.A.

"We believe there are quite a few additional patients out there, and there
really is no other way of notifying them," Mr. Fabel said.

Through his lawyer, Dr. Souaid denied wrongdoing. "His treatments are consistent
with what mainstream urologists do for prostate cancer patients, and he has not
been charged with any wrongdoing," said Jon Sale, a lawyer in Miami who
represents Dr. Souaid. "The allegations that they are talking to patients about
are all unproven."

About 100 patients have received letters and been contacted by agents of the
Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The F.D.A.
has offered to test their testosterone levels to determine whether they had been
given inadequate doses of the drug, Mr. Fabel said. He said the authorities were
not sure how many cancer patients Dr. Souaid had treated.

"I don't think the 100 is the majority," Mr. Fabel said. "We've subpoenaed his
records but don't know if patients forwarded their records to other doctors."

As with other physicians who treat cancer patients, Dr. Souaid prescribes
Lupron, which helps slow the spread of cancerous cells and relieves other
symptoms. It is administered in injections once every four months, once every
three months or once a month. A dose can cost from $500 to $600.

Investigators would not say how or why Dr. Souaid came under suspicion, only
that the case stemmed from a sealed affidavit. A spokeswoman for the Broward
County Sheriff's Office, Cheryl Stopnick, said her department had contacted the
federal authorities but did not say what had prompted that move.

Although Dr. Souaid has not been charged with a crime, the investigation is
similar to a case made public in August in which Robert R. Courtney, a
pharmacist in Kansas City, Mo., was ultimately charged with diluting the cancer
medicine that he dispensed to hundreds of patients.

In Dr. Souaid's case, his lawyer said, the doctor was consulting experts about
the doses he prescribed and he did not dilute the drug for his own gain.
"Medicine," Mr. Sale said, "is not an exact science, and experts differ on
medical treatment. We are consulting medical experts to support Dr. Souaid's
quality of care."

Some of his patients said they did not know what to think. "He certainly has a
lot of patients," said Bill Arseneau, a new patient who is not being treated for
cancer. "We had to wait an hour and a half to get in. Evidently he takes time
with his patients."

Mr. Arseneau, who said he had heard of the inquiry, added: "It made me
concerned. I mean, did I find the right guy?"

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             May 4, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Hollinger directors agree to $50-million settlement: Ex-U.S. secretary of state
Kissinger is among the 'blue ribbon' directors who are party to the agreement
with Hollinger International Inc.

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 580  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- A group of "blue ribbon" directors including former U.S. state
secretary Henry Kissinger have agreed to a $50-million US settlement with
Hollinger International Inc. to settle claims about their tenure at Conrad
Black's publishing empire.

The money is to be paid from director and officer liability insurance held by
the newspaper publisher, and requires court approval in Canada and the United
States.

All of the directors who are party to the settlement have denied any wrongdoing
or liability, and the agreement contains no admission of wrongdoing or liability
by any of them, Hollinger said Tuesday.

Kissinger was named in a damning lawsuit filed last year by Hollinger
shareholder Cardinal Capital Management LLC, along with present and former
Hollinger directors including two-time Illinois governor James Thompson and
Marie Josee Kravis, the wife of wealthy financier Henry Kravis.

That lawsuit, which alleged the independent directors were "totally quiescent"
while executives treated the company as "their personal piggy bank" over a
six-year period, was a key element in the negotiations, sources close to the
company said Tuesday. The directors' conduct was also detailed through a
14-month internal investigation at Hollinger International.

Cardinal Capital filed its lawsuit after demanding access to board meeting
minutes and other company documents.

"Despite being presented with numerous self-dealing transactions, the board
without question or investigation repeatedly approved the actions of Hollinger
executives [often after the fact] and permitted their unfettered raid on
Hollinger's finances," the lawsuit alleged. Among the transactions was the sale
of Hollinger publications to small newspaper companies controlled by Black and
his associates for $1 -- without a bidding process, negotiation, or a fairness
opinion, the lawsuit said.

"We believe Hollinger International's shareholders have suffered significantly
as a result of the board's lack of requisite diligence," Gene Fox, managing
director of Greenwich, Conn.-based Cardinal, said Tuesday. "This settlement
provides $50 million as restitution to Hollinger International for the role of
certain outside directors."

Hollinger International did not name most of the independent directors in its
own lawsuit filed in Chicago, which is seeking more than $400 million in
restitution from controlling shareholder Black and other former officers of the
company who were ejected amid the investigation into alleged self-dealing.

A statement from Hollinger International said those claims -- which have not
been proven in court -- are unchanged as a result of the settlement concluded
Tuesday with directors including Richard Burt, Shmuel Meitar, and former
independent directors Dwayne O. Andreas, Raymond Chambers, Robert S. Strauss,
Alfred Taubman, George Weidenfeld, and Leslie Wexner.

If the settlement with independent directors does not receive the blessing of
Ontario's Superior Court of Justice by September, all parties involved will have
to agree to extend its terms, sources said Tuesday.

Other companies controlled by Black have challenged past settlement talks with
Hollinger International's directors, claiming first right to insurance money
because all entities in the publishing empire were at one time insured together.

"We'll review the proposed settlement after we've been provided a copy and
determine the appropriate course of action after examining it," a spokesman for
Black said Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Henry Kissinger;
Photo: Conrad Black

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

Another member of Chaka Fattah's inner circle flips

BYLINE: BY JASON NARK; Daily News Staff Writer| narkj@phillynews.com,
215-854-5916

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 583 words


THE VOTERS may still believe in U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah, but another member of
his inner circle has bailed from the net closing in around him.

Now Tom Lindenfeld, a Washington, D.C., political consultant, may help
investigators land Fattah in an ongoing public-corruption probe.

One day after Fattah collected 87 percent of the vote to win his 11th term in
the 2nd District, Lindenfeld, 59, pleaded guilty to wire fraud in U.S. District
Court in connection with an illegal $1 million loan he funneled into Fattah's
failed 2007 mayoral bid.

As part of the plea deal, Lindenfeld agreed to cooperate in the investigation
linked to Fattah - who has not been charged - and to testify at trial if
necessary. In August, a longtime aide to Fattah, Gregory Naylor, admitted that
he had lied to investigators about the $1 million campaign loan.

Fattah, described only as "Elected Official A" in court documents, denied any
wrongdoing again yesterday, and the allegations didn't seem to bother voters on
Tuesday.

"In light of today's news, it is disappointing that a second individual
associated with me has pleaded guilty to wrongdoing," Fattah said in a statement
yesterday. "I spent today thanking the citizens of my district for their vote of
confidence. Those citizens can be assured that, as I previously stated, I have
never been involved in any illegal conduct nor misappropriation of taxpayer
funds."

Luther Weaver III, Fattah's lawyer, declined to comment yesterday.

Lindenfeld is known as a political bulldog inside the Beltway, a former partner
of David Axelrod who has worked on several mayoral campaigns in Washington along
with former Gov. Ed Rendell and former Mayor John Street.

Both the Washington Post and the Inquirer compared his demeanor to that of a
longshoreman.

In court yesterday, Lindenfeld blended in with all the other men in suits,
however, and U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle III had to ask him to speak up as
they went over the details of his plea agreement. Lindenfeld left quickly after
the hearing with his attorneys without commenting, but is scheduled to return to
Philadelphia for sentencing on March 25.

"Tom takes full responsibility for his actions and regrets participating in
illegal activity," a Lindenfeld spokeswoman said in a statement later." He did
not profit from this activity. He has and is cooperating fully with the
government."

The man who made the $1 million loan to Fattah, described in court documents as
"Person D," is Al Lord, a former CEO of Sallie Mae and current trustee at Penn
State University. He could not be reached for comment yesterday.

The complicated scheme devised to repay Fattah's debt to Lindenfeld would be
comical if it didn't involve taxpayer money. Fattah was supposed to funnel
federal earmarks to the "Blue Guardians," an environmental-advocacy group
created by Lindenfeld, via the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.

A $500,000 earmark was approved, but after NOAA started making phone calls and
getting bounced around from Washington, D.C., to Philadelphia, the agency
determined that the Blue Guardians didn't exist. That forced alleged
conspirators to "pull the plug," Eric Gibson, an attorney with the U.S.
Department of Justice, said after the hearing.

A Fattah spokeswoman, when asked about Lindenfeld and the Blue Guardians in
September, said: "Tom Lindenfeld has been engaged in environmental-justice work
for 30 years."

- Staff writer William Bender

contributed to this report.

On Twitter: @JasonNark

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Philadelphia Daily News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Irregularities warrant state intervention, EPISD says

BYLINE: Zahira Torres \ Austin Bureauelpasotimes.Com, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1753 words


April 25--AUSTIN -- The El Paso Independent School District's top administrator
for the first time publicly admitted that student testing policies had been
manipulated to avoid accountability and said she wanted the state's education
agency to send in a monitor to help the district.

Interim Superintendent Terri Jordan on Tuesday said she would ask that the
school board call on the Texas Education Agency to appoint a "special
administrative partner," who would assist in establishing policies that prevent
administrators from failing or promoting students simply to keep them from
taking state accountability tests.

A somber Jordan made the statements at a news conference the district scheduled
hours after releasing about 1,500 documents to the El

Paso Times as part of an open- records request.

She announced that Bowie High School Principal Jesus Chavez and Myrna Gamboa, a
director in the Secondary and Priority Schools Division, had been removed from
their positions the same day the newspaper obtained documents and emails that
suggested each might have played a role in preventing students from taking
state-mandated tests at the struggling campus. Both administrators have been
reassigned to central office, but their new roles remain unclear.

"I want it clearly understood that the days of El Paso ISD playing fast and
loose with the rules are over," Jordan said during the news conference, in which
she sought to distance herself from former Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia, for
whom she

worked as chief of staff.

Documents obtained by the El Paso Times through the Texas Public Information Act
have outlined a wave of problems at Bowie and other struggling campuses, known
as "priority schools," that seem to confirm many of the 2010 allegations of
wrongdoing made by then-state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh.

The title of a news release announcing Tuesday's news conference read: "Bowie
Principal, District Executive removed. Interim Superintendent Outraged by
failures found in investigation."

But documents show that EPISD officials have been aware of potential problems
for almost two years and have had internal findings of wrongdoing for at least a
year. Jordan said district officials didn't take disciplinary action sooner
because they didn't want to be seen as interfering in ongoing investigations by
the FBI and U.S. Department of Education.

On Tuesday, Jordan suddenly announced disciplinary action against some employees
without any explanation on why the district chose to act now on findings it has
maintained secret for more than a year. Jordan said she was reassigning Chavez,
the Bowie High principal, because in July 2010 he told an internal auditor that
he willfully violated district policy on admitting students.

Chavez was quoted in an audit interview talking about whether out-of-country
credits should be counted for students from Mexico. He said sometimes "we have
to compromise the policy, sometimes difficult and ugly scenarios we have here
and we have to violate policy."

While Jordan said Chavez's statement was "stunning and unacceptable," officials
did not take action until Monday -- the same day the district released the
documents, which included the admission, to the newspaper.

Chavez, who was heavily recruited at a time when the school was having
difficulties meeting federal accountability rules, said his lawyer advised him
not to speak on the issue, but he called himself a mere piece of the puzzle in
an expansive investigation into allegations of wrongdoing at the district.

"The more fair part for me right now is to let the investigation unfold," Chavez
said in an interview with the El Paso Times. "That will defend who needs to get
defended and place blame on who needs to be blamed."

Eric Winkelman, director of career and technology education and former principal
for the Center for Career and Technology Education, was named the temporary
interim administrator at Bowie.

Jordan said the district would ask the U.S. Department of Education to review
Bowie High's federal accountability report card for 2009 to see whether it
accurately reflects school performance. She said she also wants the Texas
Education Agency to assign a monitor who will help review and implement policies
at the district.

Texas Education Agency spokeswoman Debbie Ratcliffe said the school district has
not submitted a formal request for a monitor, which acts primarily as an
observer and advisor. Ratcliffe said the state agency, which could make such an
assignment on its own, had not done so because it was waiting for the results of
the ongoing federal investigations into wrongdoing.

"Placing a monitor in a district is one of the highest levels of sanctions we
can do, and it costs the districts money because they pay for those people to be
there," Ratcliffe said. "It's something we don't do lightly, but when districts
ask us for that help, we typically grant it."

Ratcliffe said a monitor would cost the district $75 an hour.

She also said situations like that the EPISD is facing are rare.

Jordan, who was flanked by five school board members at her news conference,
said Garcia's administration was responsible for potential falsifications of
government documents and improper promotion and retention of students in an
effort to avoid possible federal education accountability sanctions.

Garcia's lawyer could not be reached for comment.

Garcia resigned from the district last year after being indicted on unrelated
public-corruption charges. Jordan, who was his top aide, was named interim
superintendent.

Jordan and school board members, who sought to distance themselves from the
former superintendent, didn't directly respond to a question about their
culpability in the unfolding scandal.

Jordan's statements are a marked change from previous district positions, which
vehemently denied any wrongdoing at Bowie and other schools. In fact, in a
letter to the Department of Education, Jordan called allegations of wrongdoing
by Shapleigh a "fierce attack." Jordan didn't mention Shapleigh at her news
conference. Shapleigh was accusing the district of "disappearing" students from
Bowie and other schools so they wouldn't have to take standardized tests used
for state and federal accountability.

She said district officials found out after Garcia's indictment that some
employees were afraid to report wrongdoing because they feared retaliation. She
provided the phone number for employees to anonymously report potential student
record problems.

Jordan also took aim at another former district leader.

She cited a "stunning and deeply troubling directive" from then-Associate
Superintendent Damon Murphy, now the superintendent of the Canutillo Independent
School District. The email ordered that students transferring to EPISD from out
of the country be held for a year in the ninth grade even if their transfer
credits make them sophomores.

Jordan said she was "deeply troubled" by an email he sent principals and other
administrators that attempted "to wrongfully hold students in the ninth grade."

"Such an order disregards district policy and causes great harm to children who
have received some education in another country and who should be immediately
placed in the correct grade," Jordan said.

Murphy did not directly address Jordan's comments.

"I have not reviewed the documents EPISD released today and, therefore, I do not
feel it appropriate to comment on them at this point," Murphy said in a
statement.

Among the documents cited by Jordan at the news conference was an allegation by
then-Pupil Services Director Mark Mendoza that Chavez never conducted legally
required disciplinary hearings for dozens of students, and that paperwork meant
to document those hearings was forged.

"Upon closer investigation, more than 30 cases were found in which the
principal's signature on letters documenting hearings was forged," Mendoza said
in one of the emails obtained by the newspaper. "There is no documentation that
any of these hearings actually took place."

In another series of back-and-forth emails with administrators, Mendoza
documented various cases in which Bowie High School students were being dropped
or kept from enrolling in violation of state law. Some of those students, whose
names were redacted from the emails for privacy purposes, wrote their own
accounts of troubles at Bowie.

One student said she left Bowie when she became pregnant to attend the
school-age parent center but later returned to the campus. She said she
registered for classes Jan. 17, 2010, but a day later was called into the
principal's office.

"He told me I was not going to get anywhere because I needed credits to graduate
and the best thing for me was to go to another school to take GED classes," she
wrote about Chavez. "He said if it were up to him, he would have never let me
register at Bowie. I felt almost forced to leave school."

In one email exchange obtained by the newspaper, Mendoza directs Chavez to
enroll a student at Bowie. He says that the principal's reasons for denying the
student admission to the campus were not based on district policy or state law.

Mendoza said the student reported that Chavez told her she would "count against"
the school and that another school that does not have "so many dropouts" might
accept her.

In his reply, Chavez said Mendoza was accepting the stories provided by the
students and the parents without allowing him the opportunity to share his side
of the story.

Another email sent to Chavez by Maribel Jackson, secretary of then-Associate
Superintendent Murphy, revealed similar concerns.

Jackson urged Chavez to allow another student who lived in the Bowie area to
re-enroll at the school after being dropped for poor attendance.

"She needs to be in school and unfortunately for Bowie she lives in your
attendance area," Jackson wrote. Jackson added that she explained to the parent
the importance of regular attendance "and the reasons (accountability) for you
being hesitant in accepting her."

"Dr. Chavez, I know you are hesitant in accepting this student; however, we
really don't have a choice," Jackson wrote. "If attendance is an issue, send her
to court," Jackson said.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

"Brk Hed" ----------------------------EPISD chief: Irregularities warrant state
intervention

-- Hotline to report potential student records problems: 800-620-8591.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120425-EY-Irregularities-warrant-state-intervention-EPISD-says-0425-20120425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             creditunionjournal.com

                                October 6, 2016

Senate Dems Call for Criminal Probe of Wells' Execs

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: COMPLIANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 764  words


Fourteen senators including Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Elizabeth Warren,
D-Mass., sent a letter Wednesday to Attorney General Loretta Lynch calling for
the Justice Department to investigate possible criminal wrongdoing by senior
executives at Wells Fargo.

The group of senators, led by Sen. Mazie K. Hirono, D-Hi., asked Lynch to not
just hold Wells Fargo accountable as a corporation, but also to "prosecute
individual executives who may have broken the law."

"We are not in a position to determine if any of the senior executives at Wells
Fargo committed criminal conduct. That is ultimately the job of the Justice
Department and courts," the letter said. "But these facts raise questions about
whether senior executives, including Mr. Stumpf, knowingly allowed illegal
conduct to continue.

Justice is already investigating Wells after receiving a criminal referral from
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last month. The San Francisco bank paid
$190 million to regulators and the Los Angeles City Attorney's office after
revelations that it fired 5,300 employees over a five-year period for illegally
opening 2 million bank and credit card accounts without consumers' knowledge.

The letter cites a memo written last year by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates
that has served as a blueprint for holding individual executives accountable for
misconduct. The letter also notes that Justice failed to prosecute any
high-level executives in the wake of the financial crisis.

"We believe this is a critical test of the Department's promise last September
to 'strengthen [its] pursuit of individual corporate wrongdoing' and to 'focus
on individuals from the inception of the investigation,'" the letter said.

The senators' letter quoted a portion of the Yates memo that stated: "The public
needs to have confidence that there is one system of justice and it applies
equally regardless of whether that crime occurs on a street corner or in a
boardroom."

Wells did not disclose to investors or to the Securities and Exchange Commission
that it had been sued in 2015 by the L.A. City Attorney.

When Wells' CEO John Stumpf testified before the Senate Banking Committee last
month, he said Wells did not think the investigation or the settlement were
"material" to the bank.

The letter said that Stumpf's testimony "raised serious questions that demand
additional answers and point to potential individual wrongdoing."

Stumpf continued "to personally benefit by pitching Wells' inflated retail
account numbers to investors," the letter said.

At the Senate hearing, Warren called for Stumpf to resign after comparing his
actions to those of a bank teller who had stolen $20 bills from a cash drawer.
The letter made the same comparison.

"A bank teller that takes a handful of bills from the cash drawer is likely to
face charges for theft and prison time. She can't hide behind an army of lawyers
and corporate policies that diffuse accountability for those at the top," the
letter said. "Meanwhile, an executive who oversees a massive fraud that
implicates thousands of bank employees and costs customers millions of dollars
can walk away with a hefty retirement package and millions in the bank. It's no
wonder that Americans are skeptical of the effectiveness of our criminal justice
system."

Lawmakers are rankled that banks regularly settle fines with the government that
are paid by shareholders, not executives, and that the fines pale in comparison
to the profits banks generated from illegal activity.

The letter also noted that Justice has routinely failed to hold individual
executives accountable.

"Following the 2008 financial crisis, the American people watched as senior
executives repeatedly escaped accountability for actions that nearly brought
down the global economy. No top Wall Street executives went to prison or even
faced prosecution," the letter said. "Americans are rightly frustrated when they
see that justice for the wealthy and powerful is very different than justice for
everybody else."

Separately, Congresswoman Maxine Waters, D-CA, urged financial regulators to
strengthen a proposed "clawback" rule on when a company can revoke bonuses from
senior executives.

A letter signed by 10 Democrats on the Housing Financial Services Committee
cited the phony account openings at Wells Fargo as the reason to strengthen a
proposal to rein in incentive-based compensation plans at financial
institutions.

Lawmakers are concerned with the "excessive level of discretion" given to
companies in clawing back bonus and other compensation for misconduct, fraud or
misrepresentation.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJOURNAL_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

Protocol Presents a Hazard for Moving Advisers

BYLINE: Helen Kearney

SECTION: WEALTH MANAGEMENT; Pg. 5 Vol. 174 No. 78

LENGTH: 834  words


After eight years at Smith Barney, William Meyer and Marcy LePrell had had
enough.

Clients had grown nervous during the barrage of headlines since the company
announced a deal in January to join forces with Morgan Stanley, and they had to
be reassured their assets were safe after Smith Barney's parent, Citigroup Inc.,
needed government help.

Looking for a firm that had not been embroiled in the subprime mortgage mess,
the pair accepted an offer from Janney Montgomery Scott LLC. But during their
first day in their new office in Lancaster, Pa., a call came from its lawyers,
saying Smith Barney was accusing Meyer and LePrell of taking client information
in breach of the protocol for broker recruiting.

Their attorney, Thomas B. Lewis of Stark & Stark PC in Princeton, N.J., said the
charge was the last thing they expected.

Bernadette Holland and Amy Villani, another Pennsylvania advisory team that had
left Smith Barney for Janney, were already being sued. Their attorney could not
be reached for comment.

The 2004 protocol agreement, which has been signed by all the wire houses and
most of the regional firms, permitted departing advisers to take their clients'
basic contact information but said other details, such as account numbers and
positions, would have to be left behind.

Meyer and LePrell, who are awaiting an arbitration hearing with the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, deny any wrongdoing. "This was a clean protocol
departure," Lewis said. "There's no evidence of wrongdoing and no evidence they
took anything they weren't allowed to under the protocol."

Smith Barney would not discuss active litigation, but a spokesman said: "We
believe strongly in the broker protocol and will always work to ensure that
participants live up to its terms."

In the first seven weeks of this year Smith Barney reportedly lost 539 brokers,
or nearly 80 a week. That's more than double the rate last year, when its head
count fell by 11%, to 13,765.

Lewis says the firm is using the protocol to intimidate its brokers. "Smith
Barney is attempting to send a strong message to its work force: 'We will look
closely at the way you depart.' "

The approach is not limited to Smith Barney, he said - all the wire houses are
losing more advisers to the regionals, even though the regionals do not offer
the same huge transition packages.

Dick Sorenson is becoming increasingly familiar with the issue. After 21 years
at UBS AG, he joined Royal Bank of Canada last month as director of its
Portland, Ore., complex and immediately began getting inquiries from brokers
looking to move.

He said he is well aware of the increased scrutiny around protocol procedures
and is always careful to talk recruits through the transition process.
Surprisingly, he said, many of the advisers, particularly those who have spent
the majority of their careers at one firm, are not aware of the protocol rules.
"We have to make sure they understand how important it is. We don't belong in
courtrooms. We [should be] trying to make this happen for clients."

J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons Inc. normally hires eight to 10 advisers a quarter.
Since November the Bowling Green, Ky., firm has brought 40 advisers on board,
the majority of them from wire houses, said Darryl Metzger, director of its
private client group.

In response, he said, wire houses have stepped up enforcement of the protocol's
terms. "If anybody even hiccups, or makes an innocent mistake around the
protocol, the wire houses are going after them. They're trying to stem the flow,
but the floodgates are open."

Hilliard Lyons employs three dedicated transition teams to help new advisers
bring clients over in compliance with protocol procedures, Metzger said. At the
moment all three teams are busy, and the firm has another 130 or so advisers
interested in joining. "We used to only have potential recruits coming through
to look at the firm once a week. Now we're doing it every day of the week."

Rhett Neuman, who recently joined Royal Bank's Stillwater, Minn., office from
Wachovia Securities, said the new firm gave him and his team members a guidebook
to help them comply with the protocol. Neuman, who oversees $130 million of
assets, asked clients to include a copy of their last statement along with their
transfer documents, and he asked them to give his team access to any tax
information from Wachovia.

Despite the difficulties in moving clients, he said he is happy he made the
transition. "The biggest motivation was the ability to control our own destiny.
We couldn't do that anymore at Wachovia," he said. After Wells Fargo & Co.
bought Wachovia Corp., "we were being strung along, month to month, and not
being informed."

The team was happy to find a firm that was not involved in the subprime crisis
and they gave up a big recruitment deal to move, Neuman said. "I didn't want to
sell my soul. I hoped to do the right thing for my clients and wanted a platform
that really allowed us to do that."

Helen Kearney is the associate editor of On Wall Street.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                 FIRST EDITION

AREACOLLEGES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN


Men's basketball

*  Lynx reinstate Hill

Bobby Hill will be allowed to play the final game and participate in any
postseason action for the Lincoln College men's basketball team.

Hill has sat out two games due to allegations he accepted improper benefits
during his high school career from then-St. Louis Vashon coach Floyd Irons.
Irons allegedly rented an apartment and paid other expenses for Hill and his
brother, Johnny, who also played at Vashon. The Hills moved to St. Louis from
Alton.

Lincoln College coach, B.J. McCullum said he feels the decision reflects the
best interest for everyone involved.

"We are excited to have Bobby return to where he belongs; with the team, on the
court," McCullum said. "He has served, in essence, a two-game suspension while
we looked into this matter and since we believe him to have done nothing wrong,
it is important for us to allow him to return to the court before he has been
further damaged by this situation."

McCullum also added after interviewing Hill he found no evidence of Hill having
any knowledge of wrongdoing.

"Further punishment would be an injustice to Bobby Hill's future," said
McCullum.

Lincoln College president John Hutchinson said he is confident that Lincoln
College is doing the right thing.

"I have personally interviewed Bobby Hill and it is my opinion that he is
innocent of any wrongdoing, if indeed any impropriety occurred at all,"
Hutchinson said. "Further, I do not believe Lincoln College has violated any
NJCAA rules and the association has made no ruling in this case.

"It is upon these conclusions that we have elected to allow Mr. Hill to play for
the balance of the season."

Lincoln College will play Lewis and Clark for its final regular-season game
today at 3 p.m.

*  Eagles to play for fifth

BROKEN ARROW, Okla. - Third-seeded Robert Morris College opened its
consolation-round game Friday morning with a 16-0 run in the first 5 minutes and
eliminated seventh-seeded Rhema Bible 86-63.

The Eagles advance to face fourth-seeded Southern Virginia at 11 a.m. today for
fifth place.

Tyler Moretto paced three in double figures for Robert Morris with 25 points.
Cameron Jones added 22 and Corley Lee scored 21 with eight rebounds.  Joe Pratt
scored a game-high 26 points for Rhema, while Gabe White added 21.

Robert Morris shot 63.2 percent from the floor (36 of 57) and raced out to a
45-24 halftime lead  thanks to 18-for-26 shooting. Rhema Bible shot just 27.5
percent from the floor in the first half.

Women's basketball

*  Fleetwood paces Eagles

BROKEN ARROW, Okla. - Katie Fleetwood scored 17 points and grabbed 17 rebounds
and Lindsey Rogers added 17 points and four steals Friday morning as
seventh-seeded Robert Morris College beat third-seeded Penn State-Beaver 73-66
in the USCAA Women's Championships.

The Eagles face the winner of the Bennett vs. Briarcliffe game today at 9 a.m.
for fifth place.

Penn State-Beaver held a 65-60 lead with 3:05 left on a pair of Jasmine Green
free throws.  From then Robert Morris-Springfield outscored them 13-1 to take
the victory.

KeAmber Vaughn joined Fleetwood and Roger in double figures with 11 points.
Penn State-Beaver was paced by Heather Sandusky with 17 points, Green with 14
and Tasia McCargo with 13.

Baseball

*  Robert Morris games moved

Robert Morris College's doubleheader today against Westminster College has been
moved from Chamberlain Park to Fulton, Mo.

The first game is scheduled to start at noon.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

DA requests AG opinion about grand jury

BYLINE: Jessica Priest, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


Sept. 19--The Victoria DA is asking a state official for guidance when it comes
to grand juries.

A grand jury is 12 citizens who hand down indictments, which are findings that
enough evidence exists to warrant a trial, during a six-month period. Their
meetings are conducted in secret.

Recently, grand juries in Victoria have tried to file paperwork explaining their
decision not to hand down an indictment.

District Clerk Cathy Stuart accepted paperwork in two cases, one involving a
tasing by a former Victoria police officer and another involving an
officer-involved shooting of a veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder. In
both cases, the officers were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Most recently, Stuart did not accept paperwork when the grand jury declined to
indict Refugio County Sheriff's Deputy Tammy Gregory in the shooting death of
Wade Austin Kloesel, who broke into her Victoria home. Gregory, too, was cleared
of wrongdoing.

DA Stephen Tyler is asking whether Stuart should accept the paperwork.

"It is the right thing to do. The statutes do not cover this issue regarding the
clerk's position," Stuart wrote via email Friday.

DA Stephen Tyler laid out in a Sept. 16 letter to Texas Attorney General Ken
Paxton what he thinks are the merits of publicizing the paperwork.

Chief among them, he wrote, is transparency.

"Public confidence in the government cannot last when government officials
remain under a cloud of suspicion and thus when those officials who have been
suspected of misconduct are cleared of any wrongdoing, it is important for that
information to be made available to the public, so the public knows it can have
confidence in its public servants," Tyler wrote.

Tyler added that if a public servant is found to have committed misconduct, this
paperwork could protect governmental bodies from lawsuits if the servant were
disciplined or dismissed.

Most AG opinions are issued within 180 days of the request. They are not legally
binding.

___ (c)2016 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160919-VI-DA-requests-AG-opinion-about-grand-jury-0919-20160919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2016 Victoria Advocate


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 6, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

G.M. Inquiry Cites Years of Neglect Over Fatal Defect

BYLINE: By BILL VLASIC; Rebecca R. Ruiz contributed reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1285 words


WARREN, Mich. -- A sweeping internal investigation of General Motors released on
Thursday condemned the company for its decade-long failure to fix a deadly
safety defect, one that led to ''devastating consequences,'' including at least
13 deaths.

The report, written by the former United States attorney Anton R. Valukas, set
off the dismissal of 15 G.M. employees, including a vice president for
regulatory affairs and a senior lawyer responsible for product liability cases,
and forced broad changes in how the company handles vehicle safety.

The report illustrates in unsparing detail how employees across departments
neglected for years to repair a defect and issue a recall, despite a mountain of
evidence that lives were at risk.

''Although everyone had responsibility to fix the problem, nobody took
responsibility,'' Mr. Valukas wrote.

A chastened Mary T. Barra, G.M.'s chief executive, described the report as
''deeply troubling'' in a meeting with more than 1,000 employees at the
company's sprawling technical center in the Detroit suburb of Warren.

''For those of us who have dedicated our lives to this company, it is enormously
painful to have our shortcomings laid out so vividly,'' said Ms. Barra, who has
worked at G.M. for more than 30 years. ''I was deeply saddened and disturbed as
I read the report.''

Yet the report cleared Ms. Barra and her top lieutenants, like Michael Millikin,
the general counsel, of any wrongdoing in the long-delayed recall. And there was
no evidence of a deliberate cover-up of the switch problems, according to Mr.
Valukas.

''It seems like the best report money can buy,'' said Senator Richard
Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who had been highly critical of Ms. Barra
at a hearing in April. ''It absolves upper management, denies deliberate
wrongdoing and dismisses corporate culpability.''

Mr. Valukas's three-month investigation included a review of millions of
documents and interviews with at least 230 people, many of whom were employees
directly involved in G.M.'s failure to fix a faulty ignition switch that could
cause vehicles to lose power and deactivate air bags.

Since February, G.M. has recalled 2.6 million Chevrolet Cobalts and other small
cars to fix the defect, which the company so far links to 13 deaths and 54
accidents.

But Ms. Barra admitted that the tally of deaths, injuries and crashes could grow
in the weeks ahead, as the compensation expert Kenneth R. Feinberg prepares a
report on how G.M. will make restitution to accident victims and their families.

Ms. Barra said the company had dismissed 15 employees as a result of the report,
and disciplined five others -- highly unusual in an industry where such purges
have been rare. She declined to provide details about the actions, but said that
more than half of those who left the company held senior-level positions.

Among them were Michael J. Robinson, a vice president for global regulatory
affairs, and William Kemp, a top lawyer who oversaw product-related litigation,
according to a person briefed on the moves.

Those dismissed also included two safety executives, Gay Kent and Carmen
Benavides, as well as two midlevel engineers, Raymond DeGiorgio and Gary Altman,
both of whom had previously been suspended for neglecting to address the switch
problem in its early stages.

''I never want to put this behind us,'' Ms. Barra told employees. ''I want to
keep this painful experience in our collective memories.''

The report offered an extraordinary window into a company where employees
avoided responsibility with a ''G.M. salute'' -- arms crossed and pointing
fingers at others -- and the ''G.M. nod,'' which Ms. Barra described in the
report as ''the nod as an empty gesture.'' The report also lays bare a
bureaucracy that appeared to stun Mr. Valukas. ''The Cobalt ignition switch
passed through an astonishing number of committees,'' he wrote. ''But
determining the identity of any actual decision-maker was impenetrable.''

The investigation also documents how G.M. kept many internal discussions secret
because of legal ramifications. ''A number of G.M. employees reported they did
not take notes at all at critical safety meetings because they believed G.M.
lawyers did not want notes taken,'' the report said.

The defective switch -- a tiny part hidden inside the steering column of the
recalled vehicles -- has already taken an immense toll on the company's finances
and reputation.

Since the switch recall, G.M. has issued dozens of additional recalls to fix
various problems on vehicles throughout its product lineup. The company has set
aside $1.7 billion to pay for the repairs, appointed a new executive to
supervise vehicle safety and begun a wide-ranging shake-up of its engineering
department.

Still, G.M.'s most delicate task lies ahead -- arriving at the exact number of
fatalities and injuries caused by the faulty switch, and compensating the
victims.

Those decisions, Ms. Barra and another senior executive, Daniel Ammann, told
reporters, would be left up to Mr. Feinberg, as well as the amount of money that
G.M. would pay for individual deaths and injuries.

Mr. Feinberg said Thursday that he hoped to complete his recommendations for the
compensation program within a few weeks, and to be prepared to receive claims
from victims and their families in August.

''I have already drafted some preliminary compensation ideas and plan to share
them in confidence over the next few weeks with lawyers, public interest groups,
G.M. and others interested in the compensation program,'' he said.

G.M. has not released the names of any accident victims, citing a desire to
protect their privacy. But some family members of victims, as well as people
injured in crashes, have spoken out.

Candice Anderson was driving a Saturn Ion equipped with a defective switch in
2004 when it crashed in Texas, killing her boyfriend, Gene Erickson.

Ms. Anderson took a day off work on Thursday to watch Ms. Barra's remarks on
television. ''I'm glad they're taking responsibility,'' she said. ''They're
saying it was their fault.''

But despite the depth and breadth of Mr. Valukas's critique of the company, some
of G.M.'s critics were not satisfied with the report, or with Ms. Barra's
apologies.

''I'm not sure I can trust G.M. to do a thorough internal investigation of
itself,'' said Laura Christian, birth mother of Amber Marie Rose, who died in a
Cobalt in 2005. ''I hope the Department of Justice is able to uncover the entire
truth.''

G.M. still faces investigations by the Justice Department, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and a group of state attorneys general.

Mr. Blumenthal and other lawmakers are expected to grill Ms. Barra and Mr.
Valukas soon at another round of congressional hearings. At two contentious
hearings in April, Ms. Barra declined to answer many questions because the
internal investigation was still in progress.

''Without question, she should be back in the witness chair,'' Mr. Blumenthal
said.

Even after receiving the report, Ms. Barra was hard-pressed to explain why so
many employees failed to resolve a safety issue for so many years.

While she attributed the delay to a ''pattern of incompetence and neglect,'' Mr.
Valukas went even further.

''Throughout the entire 11-year odyssey, there was no demonstrated sense of
urgency, right to the very end,'' he wrote.

The report is yet another humbling experience for G.M., which five years ago had
to file for bankruptcy and receive a $49.5 billion government bailout.

Now the carmaker, once the pride of industrial America, has admitted that it
built unsafe cars that killed people -- and did nothing for years to prevent it.

''We failed these customers,'' Ms. Barra said. ''We must face up to it and learn
from it.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/06/business/gm-ignition-switch-internal-recall-in
vestigation-report.html

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: As expected, Mary Barra, the chief executive of General Motors,
was cleared of any wrongdoing, but she could be facing additional hearings
before Congress. (PHOTOGRAPH BY FABRIZIO COSTANTINI FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 29, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SENATE CAN RENDER SPLIT VERDICT IN TRIAL, SCHOLARS SAY;
SEPARATE FINDINGS ON WRONGDOING AND REMOVAL ARE TOUTED BY REPUBLICANS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The idea of a split verdict in an impeachment trial - separate findings on
wrongdoing and on removing a president from office - is not spelled out in the
Constitution, but some legal scholars say the Senate probably can do it anyway.

"The Senate is the highest court in the land when it comes to impeachment," Yale
Kamisar, a University of Michigan law professor, said Thursday. "It can do
pretty much what it wants."

A Republican proposal in President Bill Clinton's impeachment trial would let
the Senate decide that he committed wrongdoing in his affair with Monica
Lewinsky but vote separately not to remove him from office.

Some Republicans believe that a simple vote of acquittal would imply that
Clinton had been exonerated on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice.
The White House wants to avoid a Senate statement of presidential misdeeds.

Michael McConnell, a University of Utah law professor, said he believed the
Constitution allows the Senate to make findings of wrongdoing, although they
would be "legally and constitutionally meaningless." The only significant action
would be the vote on removal, he said.

There is no precedent for handling an impeachment verdict this way, said Erwin
Chemerinsky, a University of Southern California law professor. "I think this is
not constitutional. But if they want to do it, there's nothing to stop them," he
said.

The Senate's handling of impeachment cases is almost always not reviewable in
court, because the Constitution gives the Senate the "sole p ower" to try
impeachments.

The Constitution says that presidents and other federal officials can be removed
from office on conviction of high crimes or misdemeanors, and that judgment in
impeachment cases "shall not extend further" than removal and disqualification
from holding future federal offices.

A Senate finding that Clinton committed certain misdeeds could be considered
similar to a censure - an alternative pushed by Democrats but opposed by many
Republicans because it, too, is not mentioned in the Constitution.

Many legal scholars say a censure is perfectly lawful, as long as it involves
only words and has no legal consequences.

"Congress can pass whatever resolutions it wants," McConnell said. "It can
declare National Pickle Week, and it can censure the president."

Setting a precedent

Judges often spell out their factual findings to help explain why they make a
certain ruling, noted Robert Nagel, a University of Colorado law professor. But
he said doing so as part of an impeachment vote could create a clear precedent
that certain acts are not enough to remove a president from office.

Cass Sunstein, a University of Chicago law professor, said it also could create
a poor precedent because "the impeachment mechanism would no longer be a basis
for removal from office, but an incentive for politically driven impeachments,
which is what the framers were trying to prevent."

Some legal scholars would draw the line at a Senate declaration that Clinton was
actually guilty of a crime.

"The Senate is not in the business of adjudicating guilt or innocence of crimes,
except for high crimes and misdemeanors," said Burt Neuborne, a New York
University law professor. That's up to the courts, Neuborne said.

Even so, a Senate finding that Clinton committed a crime could not be used
against him in court if he were charged after leaving office, several law
professors said. Such a Senate finding would be considered an opinion and not
evidence.

Some members of Congress have suggested a deal involving a censure plus an
agreement by Clinton to pay a fine or admit wrongdoing. Such a fine or admission
could be imposed only with the president's agreement, because the Constitution
bars Congress from imposing punishment on someone without a trial in court.

A censure alone would not require Clinton's agreement.

"It would be a statement with political and historical effect, but may have no
more legal effect than an editorial," said Akhil Reed Amar, a Yale University
law professor.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reversing Roles, Ex-Senator May Testify at a House Hearing on MF Global

BYLINE: By BEN PROTESS and MICHAEL J. DE LA MERCED

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 944 words


A Congressional panel has asked Jon S. Corzine to testify about the downfall of
MF Global, and the hundreds of millions of dollars in customer money that went
missing in the brokerage firm's final days.

The hearing, scheduled for Dec. 15, will be a role reversal for Mr. Corzine, who
spent five years on Capitol Hill as a Democratic senator from New Jersey. As a
Congressional witness, Mr. Corzine is expected to come under fire for presiding
over MF Global as it caused the futures industry's first major breach of
customer money. A spokesman for Mr. Corzine declined to comment on Tuesday.

The hearing, organized by the oversight unit of the House Financial Services
Committee, could present the first public grilling of Mr. Corzine about his
risky bets on European sovereign debt, wagers that ultimately doomed the firm.

Lawmakers are also planning to question Bradley Abelow, the firm's chief
operating officer and Mr. Corzine's chief of staff when he was governor of New
Jersey.

It is unclear whether Mr. Abelow and Mr. Corzine, who resigned as MF Global's
chief executive earlier this month, will accept the request that they testify,
though the subcommittee could subpoena the executives if they balk. Mr. Abelow
received the request on Tuesday and plans to respond soon to lawmakers, said a
person close to the company who was not authorized to speak publicly.

The hearing will overlap with an intensifying federal investigation into MF
Global. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission is leading the search for the
missing money while the Federal Bureau of Investigation and federal prosecutors
in New York and Chicago are examining potential criminal wrongdoing.

Neither the firm nor Mr. Corzine have been accused of wrongdoing.

Investigators now believe that much of the unaccounted-for customer money left
the firm as the company was beginning a tailspin late last month, said people
briefed on the matter who requested anonymity because the investigation was
still under way. Regulators suspect that MF Global used some of the money to
meet its own financial obligations, which could mean that those funds are gone
forever.

The exact amount of missing money is undetermined, and it changes by the day. On
Monday, the trustee overseeing the dismantling of MF Global's brokerage unit
pegged the number at around $1.2 billion, twice the previous estimate. Forensic
accountants from Deloitte and Ernst & Young working for the trustee, James
Giddens, came to the much larger estimate after they spent roughly three weeks
reconstructing the firm's books.

Regulators were taken aback by the announcement, signaling the first hiccup in
an otherwise smooth investigation, according to people briefed on the matter.
The trustee's office gave regulators little more than 20 minutes' notice before
it publicly released the finding, according to the people.

Now, some regulators are questioning the $1.2 billion figure, suspecting that
the trustee double-counted $220 million that had been transferred between units
of MF Global, according to one of the people briefed on the matter. Over the
last day, the C.F.T.C. has tried to independently check the numbers.

The CME Group, the exchange where MF Global did most of its business, disputed
the larger figure on Tuesday. In a statement, the exchange said it was
''confident reports of significantly larger shortfalls are incorrect.''

Kent Jarrell, a spokesman for the trustee, stood by the larger estimate, while
noting that it was preliminary.

Mr. Giddens is charged with returning money to MF Global's customers. Customers
- including farmers in Iowa and hedge funds in New York - have slowly received a
portion of their accounts. The trustee has distributed at least $1.5 billion
over the last three or more weeks, though that remains a fraction of what
customers are owed.

In bankruptcy court in Lower Manhattan on Tuesday, Judge Martin Glenn approved a
proposed claims process for the trustee to dispense additional funds. Mr.
Jarrell said that electronic application forms would be posted to the trustee's
Web site and that claims would be evaluated soon.

Also on Tuesday, the trustee started receiving a flow of some $1.3 billion in MF
Global customer funds that were stored at Harris Bank.

The funds, made up of foreign currencies, securities and cash, will give the
trustee additional money to return to the MF Global customers, though it does
not reduce the overall shortfall in funds.

''It's the last big pot of money held in U.S. depositories,'' Mr. Jarrell said.

The CME Group also increased a guarantee it had offered the trustee in case
there was a shortfall as customers received their money. The exchange will now
provide, in essence, a $550 million insurance policy to the trustee's office, up
from $250 million.

Lawmakers are also questioning the sluggish progress in returning money to
customers. At the MF Global hearing next month, the House subcommittee plans to
scrutinize the lingering woes that the firm's customers face.

Lawmakers hope to interview top regulators about their oversight of the firm.
They plan to call on Robert Cook, head of the Securities and Exchange
Commission's office of trading and markets, and William C. Dudley, the president
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Gary Gensler, chairman of the C.F.T.C., will also be asked to testify, though
Mr. Gensler has recused himself from the case after fearing that his past ties
to Mr. Corzine would distract from the investigation.

Mr. Gensler, who once worked for Mr. Corzine at Goldman Sachs, is unlikely to
testify, a person with knowledge of the matter said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jon S. Corzine, the former chief executive of MF Global.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY LIBRADO ROMERO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     December 1, 2015 Tuesday 10:31 PM GMT

Homan Square: Chicago police chief's downfall prompts calls to shutter facility;

Garry McCarthy forced to resign over video of black teenager's death, but
politicians and activists say hearing on off-the-books 'black site' must follow

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in New York and Kevin Gosztola in Chicago

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 965 words


Related:  Homan Square revealed: how Chicago police 'disappeared' 7,000 people

A secretive Chicago police facility will fall under sworn public testimony for
the first time in the wake of a forced resignation by the city's police chief
amid a scandal over the shooting of a black teenager.

The renewed scrutiny of Homan Square - an interrogation warehouse exposed by the
Guardian that has been described as the equivalent of a CIA "black site" and now
a "torture chamber" - was immediate, stretching from national activists and the
local Black Lives Matter chapter to an Illinois politician who planned to
announce on Tuesday an official hearing into the site as a direct result of the
firing.

"The murder of Laquan McDonald and the attempted cover-up of that murder over a
period of 13 months casts even more doubt on the repeated police denials of
wrongdoing at Homan Square," Cook County commissioner Richard Boykin said in a
statement provided to the Guardian.

"As recent events have shown, when left to its own devices, the Chicago police
department will revert to a culture that suppresses wrongdoing and protects
wrongdoers," added Boykin. He has repeatedly pressed Barack Obama's
administration to examine a facility where his former chief aide and Chicago
mayor Rahm Emanuel has said his police "follow all the rules" - despite more
than 20 people who have come forward with claims of unconstitutional abuse and
detention.

Our movement to have Homan Square closed also impacted the mayor's decision, but
it hasn't impacted enough

Frank Chapman, Stop Police Crimes project

Boykin said in an interview that he was "hopeful" the hearing of the Cook County
board of commissioners - the city's first official political meeting focused on
Homan Square beyond protests and hearings for an ongoing Guardian lawsuit -
would precipitate change, "and that we can shut [Homan Square] down in terms of
illegal detentions and off-the-books detentions". He said the hearing would also
look at other "systemic changes" to protect Chicago citizens against rogue
police officers.

The announcement was expected just hours after the resignation of police
superintendent Garry McCarthy, who was asked to step down by Emanuel over his
handling of the death of Laquan McDonald, who was shot 16 times by a Chicago
police officer last year.

Protests have swept Chicago in the days surrounding the release, on a court
order, of dashcam footage showing Laquan's death. Emanuel announced on Tuesday a
six-person taskforce, including former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick,
which will be taking on a "top-to-bottom review" of Chicago's police force.

"There are systematic challenges that will require sustained reforms," Emanuel
admitted in rare extended remarks on reform efforts to the city's notoriously
brutal police force. "I am just as responsible and as accountable."

Civil rights groups, activists and politicians welcomed McCarthy's resignation,
but continued to press for accountability from what many see as a culture of
secrecy and abuse within and around the Chicago police department.

Boykin described the taskforce announced by the mayor as "window-dressing" and
called for a federal investigation into Emanuel's role in the McDonald case. The
American Civil Liberties Union called for a similar follow-up inquiry and also
linked it to interrogations at the facility.

"We think any investigation of this matter is good," said Ed Yohnka, director of
communications and public policy at the ACLU of Illinois. "Indeed we have called
for a full-fledged federal investigation into CPD after the McDonald video which
could include Homan Square."

Frank Chapman, field organizer of Chicago Alliance Against Racist and Political
Repression's Stop Police Crimes project, said the police chief's firing was
"appropriate and long overdue".

"Our movement to have Homan Square closed also impacted the mayor's decision,
but it hasn't impacted enough to make him close Homan Square, which he has the
executive power, responsibility and duty to do," Chapman added.

Hoping for a kind of domino effect from the Laquan McDonald protests, he said a
new demonstration had been planned for 10 December to renew activist groups'
push to shut down Homan Square, which he compared to "a torture chamber": "How
can you allow a place that tortures people to continue to operate? How is that
possible? How come the federal government hasn't made a move about this? This is
a blatant violation of people's federally protected constitutional rights."

One of those dominos may fall soon: Anita Alvarez, the state's attorney of Cook
County, from whom congressman Luis Gutierrez withdrew his support  on Tuesday
afternoon.

Aislinn Sol, a leader of the Chicago chapter of Black Lives Matter, said
Emanuel, McCarthy and Alvarez had continued to "expose their complicity in the
system of policing in Chicago which includes the running of Homan Square, a
black site;  former commander Jon Burge, who tortured over 119 black men; and
the continued torture and murder and brutality that is a day-to-day reality of
policing in the city of Chicago".

Charlene Carruthers, organizer with the Black Youth Project 100 Chicago chapter,
called for both Emanuel and Alvarez to resign, saying they "lead a city where
it's very clear that the police yield abusive power over people, and they're
complicit in it. They know that it's happening. It includes Laquan McDonald, and
it goes far, far, far beyond what happened to Laquan."

The special hearing of the county commissioners - featuring "the testimony of
witnesses with firsthand knowledge of police operations at Homan Square" - is
scheduled for 15 December.

Additional reporting by Zach Stafford in Chicago and Matt Sullivan in New York.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      December 1, 2015 Tuesday 9:47 PM GMT

Homan Square: Chicago police chief's downfall prompts calls to shutter facility;

Garry McCarthy forced to resign over video of black teenager's death, but
politicians and activists say hearing on off-the-books 'black site' must follow

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in New York and Kevin Gosztola in Chicago

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 977 words


Related:  Homan Square revealed: how Chicago police 'disappeared' 7,000 people

The secretive Chicago police facility exposed by the Guardian will fall under
sworn public testimony for the first time in the wake of a forced resignation by
the city's police chief amid a scandal over the shooting of a black teenager.

The renewed scrutiny of Homan Square - an interrogation warehouse that been to
described as the equivalent of a CIA "black site" and now a "torture chamber" on
American soil - was immediate, stretching from national activists and the local
Black Lives Matter chapter to an Illinois politician who planned to announce on
Tuesday an official hearing into the site as a direct result of the firing.

"The murder of Laquan McDonald and the attempted cover-up of that murder over a
period of 13 months casts even more doubt on the repeated police denials of
wrongdoing at Homan Square," Cook County commissioner Richard Boykin said in a
statement provided to the Guardian.

"As recent events have shown, when left to its own devices, the Chicago police
department will revert to a culture that suppresses wrongdoing and protects
wrongdoers," added Boykin. He has repeatedly pressed Barack Obama's
administration to examine a facility where his former chief aide and Chicago
mayor Rahm Emanuel has said his police "follow all the rules" - despite more
than 20 people who have come forward to the Guardian with claims of
unconstitutional abuse and detention.

Our movement to have Homan Square closed also impacted the mayor's decision, but
it hasn't impacted enough

Frank Chapman, Stop Police Crimes project

Boykin said in an interview that he was "hopeful" the hearing of the Cook County
board of commissioners - the city's first official political meeting focused on
Homan Square beyond protests and hearings for an ongoing Guardian lawsuit -
would precipitate change, "and that we can shut [Homan Square] down in terms of
illegal detentions and off-the-books detentions". He said the hearing would also
look at other "systemic changes" to protect Chicago citizens against rogue
police officers.

The announcement was expected just hours after the resignation of police
superintendent Garry McCarthy, who was asked to step down by Emanuel over his
handling of the death of Laquan McDonald, who was shot 16 times by a Chicago
police officer last year.

Protests have swept Chicago in the days surrounding the release, on a court
order, of dashcam footage showing McDonald's death. Emanuel announced on Tuesday
a six-person taskforce, including former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick,
which will be taking on a "top-to-bottom review" of Chicago's police force.

"There are systematic challenges that will require sustained reforms," Emanuel
admitted in rare extended remarks before the press on reform efforts to the
city's notoriously brutal police force. "I am just as responsible and as
accountable."

Civil rights groups, activists and politicians welcomed McCarthy's resignation,
but continued to press for accountability from what many see as a culture of
secrecy and abuse within and around the Chicago police department.

Boykin described the taskforce announced by the mayor as "window-dressing" and
called for a federal investigation into Emanuel's role in the McDonald case. The
American Civil Liberties Union called for a similar follow-up inquiry and also
linked it to interrogations at the facility revealed by the Guardian.

"We think any investigation of this matter is good," said Ed Yohnka, director of
communications and public policy at the ACLU of Illinois. "Indeed we have called
for a full-fledged federal investigation into CPD after the McDonald video which
could include Homan Square."

Frank Chapman, field organizer of Chicago Alliance Against Racist and Political
Repression's Stop Police Crimes project, said the police chief's firing was
"appropriate and long overdue".

"Our movement to have Homan Square closed also impacted the mayor's decision,
but it hasn't impacted enough to make him close Homan Square, which he has the
executive power, responsibility and duty to do," Chapman added.

Hoping for a kind of domino effect from the McDonald protests, he said a new
demonstration had been planned for 10 December to renew activist groups' push to
shut down Homan Square, which he compared to "a torture chamber": "How can you
allow a place that tortures people to continue to operate? How is that possible?
How come the federal government hasn't made a move about this? This is a blatant
violation of people's federally protected constitutional rights."

One of those dominos may fall soon: Anita Alvarez, the state's attorney of Cook
County, from whom congressman Luis Gutierrez withdrew his support  Tuesday
afternoon.

Aislinn Sol, a leader of the Chicago chapter of Black Lives Matter, said
Emanuel, McCarthy and Alvarez had continued to "expose their complicity in the
system of policing in Chicago which includes the running of Homan Square, a
black site;  former commander Jon Burge, who tortured over 119 black men; and
the continued torture and murder and brutality that is a day-to-day reality of
policing in the city of Chicago".

Charlene Carruthers, organizer with the Black Youth Project 100 Chicago chapter,
called for both Emanuel and Alvarez to resign, saying they "lead a city where
it's very clear that the police yield abusive power over people, and they're
complicit in it. They know that it's happening. It includes Laquan McDonald, and
it goes far, far, far beyond what happened to Laquan."

The special hearing of the county commissioners - featuring "the testimony of
witnesses with firsthand knowledge of police operations at Homan Square" - is
scheduled for 15 December.

Additional reporting by Zach Stafford in Chicago and Matt Sullivan in New York.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 14, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cop staffers tossed evidence The Colorado Springs force discovered the loss last
year. The DA is contacting dozens whose cases could be affected.

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 693 words


Colorado Springs Police Department workers have improperly discarded evidence in
perhaps hundreds of criminal cases, and the police chief has acknowledged that
items in as many as 10 sex assaults are missing.

Just how crucial the materials are to the cases is unknown even to police,
prosecutors and defense attorneys. But Police Chief Luis Velez emphasized that a
four-month internal probe by his office has found no criminal wrongdoing in the
mass purging of materials that was discovered late last year.

"Amidst this dark cloud, it's a beam of sunlight, and a pretty big beam," Velez
said.

Still, the department's decision to clear itself of criminal wrongdoing has
raised eyebrows among some defense attorneys.

"It's always a lot cleaner for an investigation to be conducted by someone one
step removed from the problem," said Jim Scarboro, director of the Colorado
Innocence Project, which could rely on old evidence in seeking new trials for
convicted inmates.

He suggested the attorney general should be consulted, but a spokesperson for
that office said no formal request has been made by El Paso County officials for
an independent investigation.

In his first detailed disclosure about what happened, Velez said Friday that
most of the materials were inadvertently tossed by temporary employees during
the past two years in an effort to reduce crowding in police storage rooms.
Initially, police thought as many as 11,000 items connected to 4,000 cases were
missing.

After months of auditing, the chief has determined that while 11,000 items were
trashed, the number of cases in which evidence was improperly disposed is
between 100 and 500 - a volume that defense lawyers say may be unprecedented in
state history.

"In terms of scale and numbers, I haven't heard of anything like this," said
Colorado's chief public defender, David Kaplan.

Three internal police reviews, a district attorney evaluation of cases and a
city auditor review of procedures are exploring the fallout among cases ranging
from homicides, kidnappings and sexual assaults to missing persons. It's still
unknown how many are open, pending or unsolved, but even closed and cold cases
often benefit from forensic analyses that can be performed years after a case is
finalized.

Velez wouldn't discuss whether anyone in the department has been or will be
disciplined for the destruction. But he acknowledged that the temporary
employees were not properly trained or supervised. He said at least one new step
already has been implemented: mandating that submission of police evidence into
storage rooms must be signed off by two employees.

Velez and El Paso County District Attorney John Newsome's office declined to
specify what cases appear to face serious evidentiary issues but indicated that
more details could be released as early as Monday.

Last week, an El Paso County judge postponed a hearing in a kidnapping case when
the defense lawyer cited possible missing evidence due to Police Department
errors, according to a report in the Colorado Springs Gazette newspaper.

Lisa Kirkman, chief deputy district attorney in El Paso, said her office has
contacted dozens of victims and relatives of victims to alert them that their
cases could be affected.

Kirkman and Velez said that between five and 10 "open" sexual-assault cases
involve lost evidence. Those cases could be either unsolved crimes, or cases in
which charges are pending against a defendant.

Department officials first began to suspect evidence was missing Dec. 27 when
officers with the major-crimes unit could not find evidence that logs showed
should have been present.

Velez assigned an internal-affairs sergeant to probe further. A month later,
Velez was told that the problem was larger than expected.

"He briefed me on findings and at that point it would be analogous to a ship's
captain being told we had sprung a leak," Velez said. "What I didn't know was
how big the crack was."

Velez said he waited until March to inform the district attorney so he could
determine the scope of the problem. Newsome could not be reached for comment
Friday.

Staff writer Miles Moffeit can be reached at 303 820-1415 or
mmoffeit@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 6, 2001 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

AGENT REPORTED SNITCH'S LIES, BUT THEY CONTINUED ANYWAY DEA REPORT CITES FAILURE
TO COMMUNICATE IN AGENCY

BYLINE: Michael D. Sorkin Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1669 words


A federal drug agent was a witness in 1988 to a courtroom confession:
supersnitch Andrew Chambers admitting from the witness stand that he had lied in
court during the previous three years while testifying as a star government
witness.

The drug agent was so concerned about Chambers' revelation, she said, she left
the courtroom at the first break and immediately notified her supervisor at the
Los Angeles field office of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.

In theory, that should have put an end to courtroom lying by a highly paid and
often used government informer.

It didn't.

According to the report of a yearlong investigation by the DEA into its use of
Chambers, he continued to lie in courtrooms in St. Louis and across the country
for more than a decade.

It was not until after the Post-Dispatch published a detailed account of his
activities in January of last year that then-Attorney General Janet Reno ordered
the DEA to suspend Chambers.

A censored version of the subsequent internal DEA investigative report was
obtained by the newspaper under the Freedom of Information Act.

The report suggests that some agents could have done more to investigate
Chambers' background or to report his lies. The investigation also found that
the DEA had no requirement that agents report wrongdoing to headquarters so the
information could be shared with agents worldwide.

The agency's report absolves itself of any wrongdoing. It says there is no
"substantiated" evidence that any DEA agents or federal prosecutors knew
Chambers was lying when he testified for them, or that DEA's top offic ials at
headquarters were aware he was committing perjury during nearly his entire
16-year career as a professional snitch.

The DEA investigation also found that:

* There was a "systemic" failure of communication by midlevel headquarters
officials, some of whom had learned years earlier that Chambers was lying in
courtrooms by testifying he had never been arrested or convicted. The report
found he had indeed been arrested - at least 13 times. He also had at least one
conviction - on a charge of soliciting for prostitution.

* DEA agents in the field need a more foolproof system to report wrongdoing by
their snitches to other agents who might unknowingly use the same liar.

* At least one DEA supervisor in the field should have done more to report
Chambers' courtroom lying.

Whether that supervisor has been disciplined could not be conclusively confirmed
because DEA officials blacked out five of the report's six major findings. Most
of the findings apparently call for better communications within the agency.

A spokesman for the DEA said he didn't know if all the findings ever would be
made public.

In releasing the 157-page report, the DEA also blacked out the names of many of
the agents who worked with the man they say was the most active snitch in the
agency's history.

Chambers began his career in St. Louis, and the report describes him as
"motivated by money, thrill, camaraderie and a sense of self-righteousness."

He participated in 280 DEA investigations beginning here and in 30 other cities
from 1984 until last year. He's credited with contributing to the arrests of
more than 400 drug suspects, including some of the most notorious in recent St.
Louis history.

He worked with at least 211 DEA agents who paid him hundreds of thousands of
dollars, usually in cash, for turning in suspected drug dealers. Some 357
government officials witnessed those payments, which were approved by 112 DEA
supervisors.

The agents loved him; he was so talented, they considered him more a colleague
than a paid informer.

The report says Chambers also apparently worked for the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Customs Service, the Secret Service, the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco and Firearms, the Internal Revenue Service, criminal investigators at
the U.S. Postal Service, and many state and local law agencies.

There is no known investigation into his testimony for those law agencies.

The DEA's report found he testified in court or under oath at least 25 times for
the drug agency.

In at least 16 of those cases, he lied about his background to make himself look
more credible to judges and jurors.

The report blames him as well as the failure of government controls:

"Chambers was unique in the world of informants. His cases spanned the country.
Because the cases in which he was involved were in different cities throughout
the United States, he was able to testify falsely in one place with the agents
in another subsequent case not being aware of the previous false testimony.

"The problem was systemic. There was no effective system in place to memorialize
issues regarding the credibility of an informant, and the (DEA special agents)
who activated Chambers in another office did not know about his false testimony
in a prior case.

"Chambers was able to exploit, either wittingly or unwittingly, that weakness in
the DEA (confidential source) system."

U. City police made introduction

The report of the DEA investigation acknowledges that the government is
obligated to disclose derogatory information about its witnesses to defendants.
Any DEA agent who knowingly violates that legal requirement c ould be
disciplined.

The report says DEA investigators questioned 100 agents and federal prosecutors
and examined 2,000 documents.

While the DEA acknowledged that various agents and federal prosecutors learned
that Chambers had lied in court, there was no evidence that any knew he was
lying when he testified in their cases.

Their investigation went back to 1984, when Chambers, introduced by a police
officer from University City, went to the DEA office on Forsyth Boulevard in
Clayton to sign up as an informer.

Within a year, he was perjuring himself about his background.

On April 17, 1985, he was on the witness stand at the U.S. Courthouse in
downtown St. Louis, being questioned by Assistant U.S. Attorney Fred Dana.
Chambers testified he had never been charged with any crime by any law
enforcement agency.

At the time, Chambers was awaiting trial on felony charges in Paducah, Ky., for
second-degree forgery. He also had been charged with posing as a private
investigator and defrauding a jeweler of $1,555.

A DEA agent later persuaded a judge to drop the charges.

Chambers also testified that he had paid income taxes on his DEA earnings. Years
later, he admitted that that too was a lie: For six years, he had paid no taxes
on his DEA money.

On June 9, 1988, Chambers was again testifying for the government, at the U.S.
District Court in Los Angeles. This time, he admitted his previous lies on the
stand and acknowledged another arrest - after, he said, he got "hot handed" with
his wife.

Chambers also added a new lie: this time, claiming he had testified for the
government "more than 100 times."

In the courtroom, listening to Chambers' disclosures, was his DEA case agent.
She had been his government control from 1986 until the early 1990s, using him
as an undercover snitch in about 25 cases.

During that time, she said, none of the agents who worked earlier with Chambers
had told her about his arrest record or his credibility problems. Her name was
blacked out of the DEA report.

The agent said she and the prosecutor left the courtroom, each to report
Chambers' disclosure of false testimony to their respective supervisors.

The report says that the agent's supervisor later was fired by the DEA for
unrelated misconduct. The report of the DEA's investigation says it found no
evidence that the warning about Chambers' lies ever went up the chain of command
of either the DEA or prosecutors in the Justice Department.

Back in St. Louis

Over the years, Chambers' credibility sometimes became an issue in other federal
court cases. In a case in Denver in 1995, a federal judge ordered prosecutors to
collect information from all DEA field offices about Chambers' background and
the amounts the government had paid him.

Prosecutors reacted by dismissing the charges in federal court and refiling them
before a different judge in state court. The information about Chambers
apparently never was collected. The defendants were found guilty; Chambers moved
on to work at other DEA field offices.

In 1998, he was back in St. Louis, helping the DEA investigate Nathan Williams,
described as a violent drug trafficker.

Just before the case went to trial, Assistant U.S. Attorney Dean Hoag learned
from a federal public defender in California about Chambers' history. Hoag
collected the background information and turned it over to the judge.

Then he told a local DEA agent that he wouldn't allow Chambers to testify.
According to the DEA report, Hoag also told the agent not to bring him any more
cases in which Chambers was a witness.

Hoag said he sent out a nationwide e-mail to other federal prosecutors asking if
they had had dealings with Chambers. Hoag later told investigator s he got about
20 responses - evenly divided between those who praised the snitch and those who
warned Hoag to be careful.

Hoag also spoke with his immediate supervisor and with Edward Dowd, then the
U.S. attorney here.

Dowd called Joseph Corcoran, special agent in charge of DEA's office in St.
Louis to warn about Chambers. "I don't think he should be used any more," the
DEA report quotes Dowd. The DEA ignored the warnings and continued to use
Chambers until the attorney general forced his suspension last year.

The DEA blames poor communications and poor record keeping. The agency says it
hasn't even been able to keep track of how much it paid Chambers.

At first, the DEA said Chambers had been paid about $1.6 million. A few months
later, the agency put the amount at more than $2.2 million.

In the report of its recent investigation, the DEA says the real total is just
under $1.9 million.

The agency says Chambers was its most active snitch, but not the highest paid.
DEA won't identify who that is.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Michael D. Sorkin:; E-mail: msorkin@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-862-2177

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MAP; (2) 2001 Map FILED: Maps,-U.S. tms; (1) COLOR PHOTO
headshot - (Andrew) Chambers; Began his career in St. Louis; (2) MAP by the
POST-DISPATCH - Where Andrew Chambers worked for the DEA (map of the United
States); NOTE: No state designations were included with the followingt cities in
which Chambers also worked:; * Springfield; * Freeport; *Macon; SOURCE: DEA

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

Livingston County Jail anticipating Moffett`s destiny in Genesee for different
capture.

LENGTH: 383  words


Taheed Moffett needs to attend a university and set his life straight.

For that his safeguard was renounced a month ago and he has sat in Livingston
County Jail anticipating his destiny in Genesee.

"He promptly conceded duty and needs to move on," his lawyer, Frederick Rarick
said. "He wants to take school classes in experimental writing."

Rarick requested the base sentence accessible to Moffett, a moment crime guilty
party. Lead prosecutor Lawrence Friedman looked for the most extreme.

Moffett, 32, was captured in April 2016 and accused of thievery for going into a
house on Pearl Street. He acknowledged a request arrangement to criminal
naughtiness charges, confronting as much as a two-to-four year term.

From that point forward, Moffett was captured in a motel room in Pembroke, found
with medications and gear. In October he was captured in Erie County and accused
of robbery, later tolerating an arrangement to a wrongdoing. In December he was
captured after a movement stop on I490 in Avon, where he deceived police about
his name and was found with medications. That case stays pending.

Moffett talked before being sentenced Tuesday, disclosing to Judge Charles
Zambito that he was sad for his activities.

"I acknowledge obligation regarding my activities and I conceded each part of
the wrongdoing," he said. "I`m not attempting to minimize my conduct."

Zambito disclosed to Moffett that his broad history of wrongdoing ought to give
him "no reason not to" sentence him to the most extreme.

"However, you admitted what you did," Zambito stated, offering Moffett a break
and a possibility at reclamation.

He sentenced Moffett to year and a half to three years.

This will be Moffett`s third time in state jail. He was sentenced to five years
for a 2005 conviction for having a weapon and endeavoring to cut someone else.
In 2010, he was indicted sedate ownership and sentenced to jail. He was
discharged in March 2015.

Moffett hasn`t done as such well amid the previous year and Tuesday he showed up
in Genesee County Court for sentencing for a lawful offense criminal naughtiness
conviction.

Amid the time he was anticipating sentencing, Moffett purportedly perpetrated
violations, in Genesee County as well as in Erie and Livingston provinces. A
large number of them. 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 30, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Top Enron Officials' Trial Begins Today;
Firms' Collapse Sparked Crackdown

BYLINE: Ben White and Carrie Johnson, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A Section; A03

LENGTH: 771 words


The outcome of the criminal trial of former Enron Corp. executives Kenneth L.
Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, which opens today, will write the coda to four
years of battle over whether government can effectively police corporate
wrongdoing.

When the go-go energy trading firm collapsed amid secret deals that enriched
insiders and hid its precarious financings from the public, it exposed lies
large and small in the financial reports of dozens of America's largest
corporations. As shaken investors pulled back and share prices plunged,
government began a massive crackdown that culminates in whether it can convince
a jury that two men who were at the top of a company perpetrating massive fraud
are guilty of a crime. Lay and Skilling both assert their innocence.

Unlike previous eras, this scandal was not confined to a few high-flying
financiers with a penchant for flouting the rules. Corporate managers from every
corner of the U.S. economy  --  and the accountants and lawyers advising them
--  were shown to have signed off on phony numbers, driven by greed, exacting
expectations from investors to show growth in their businesses and little
apparent fear of being caught.

"White-collar cases used to be isolated and very much on the margins," said
former prosecutor David Gourevitch, now a defense attorney. "What you saw over
the last four years was corruption cases moving from the fringes of corporate
America to the very heart, including many Fortune 500 companies."

The stock market is still recovering from the revelations that dozens of
companies were faking their numbers. "There is much more investor cynicism now,
and that plays into the kind of difficult market we've been having," said Eric
Barden, portfolio manager at Texas Capital Value Funds, describing the grinding,
low-return stock market of the past few years. "There is no question that
shareholders have corporate management on a very short leash now. Any whiff of
impropriety and it's sell first, ask questions later."

Regulators and prosecutors, initially overwhelmed by the breadth of corporate
wrongdoing, eventually responded with an unprecedented barrage of criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions that reached deep into the business world.
The President's Corporate Fraud Task Force, formed in 2002, has filed criminal
charges against more than 900 defendants  --  60 of them at the chief executive
or president level  --  and won 500 convictions or guilty pleas, according to
Justice Department statistics. The Securities and Exchange Commission,
meanwhile, used new millions granted by Congress to boost its enforcement
caseload by nearly 30 percent, from 484 in 2001 to 629 last year. The SEC won or
settled 99 percent of the cases brought last year, according to its annual
report.

Despite the successes, no one is sounding the all-clear. Public opinion of
business has been eroded substantially in the post-Enron years. Forty-five
percent of participants in an October poll by the Pew Research Center for the
People and the Press said they felt unfavorably toward U.S. companies  --  a
20-point rise from March 2001, nine months before Enron filed for bankruptcy
protection.

The public mistrust of companies after Enron is in contrast to polls dating to
the mid-1980s, when the insider-trading and savings-and-loan scandals of that
era did little to dent overall trust in corporate America, researchers said.
That changed in the past four years. "The erosion in perceptions of corporations
has come among most demographic and political groups," according to Pew
research.

Can one major white-collar trial reverse the damage done to investor confidence
and open a fresh chapter in U.S. business history? Financial observers say that
is asking too much. But some say resolution of the Lay and Skilling trial could
at least begin a healing process.

"Symbolically, this case is going to be extraordinarily important," said Wall
Street historian Charles Geisst, a professor at Manhattan College. "It may be
unfortunate for [Skilling and Lay], but if we are going to get this era behind
us, this has to be dealt with."

The hope among many business historians and market analysts is that the
Sarbanes-Oxley corporate reform law will tighten behavior up enough to prevent a
similar rash of scandal  in the near future. But most believe that the next
raging bull market will almost certainly produce greedy executives bent on
siphoning off wealth however they can.

"Greed is, after all, one of the seven deadly sins," said business historian
John Steele Gordon. "And those were enumerated a few thousand years ago."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      August 18, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Planetary disaster: Arnie and friends face courtroom questioning over restaurant
chain's spectacular flame-out

SOURCE: Times of London

BYLINE: John Harlow

SECTION: Arts & Style; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES

A bankruptcy court investigating the rise and fall of Planet Hollywood is
expected to question Arnold Schwarzenegger, once an enthusiastic cheerleader for
the troubled restaurant chain, and other celebrity backers after a critical
report into its management.

A review of Planet Hollywood's financial history ordered by the U.S. bankruptcy
court in Orlando, Florida, has accused the management of spinning a web of
insider deals that benefited celebrity backers at the expense of small
investors.

When the chain started in 1991, the celebrities included Schwarzenegger, Bruce
Willis and Sylvester Stallone. They were brought in by Demi Moore, the then wife
of Willis and a friend of founders Robert Earl and Keith Barrish.

Soneet Kapila, the author of the report, said Earl had kept from him documents
that might have revealed details of "too chummy" arrangements with the celebrity
backers.

"Managers were more concerned with preserving their personal relationships with
the celebrities at the expense of the business," said Kapila.

Earl and Barrish deny any wrongdoing.

The stars were given shares in the business as the price of endorsements, which
included donating film memorabilia and turning up at gala openings as the chain
expanded rapidly around the world. One of the most lucrative branches, near
Leicester Square in London, made more profit from selling T-shirts than
hamburgers.

When the chain ran out of steam in the late 1990s and some celebrities wanted to
sell shares, the company tried to avoid such bad publicity by effectively buying
them out with

$7 million Cdn in loans, the report says. The failure to recover these loans
compounded the company's problems as it sank with $31 million in debts.

Scott Shuker, a spokesman for the chain which is now struggling to emerge from a
second bankruptcy, said it would have been bad business for an operation so
dependent on celebrity endorsements to "play hardball" to recover the loans.

"In good times we are all friends, but in bad times you have to keep these
people happy. So it is not a good idea to start suing them," he said.

The report -- issued at a time of unprecedented soul-searching in America over
corporate malfeasance which started with the meltdown of the energy company
Enron -- said further investigation was required into whether the loans
constituted managerial mismanagement or fraud. Schwarzenegger and the other
celebrities -- who are not suspected of wrongdoing -- could be questioned.

"Lawyers may need to know how much money the celebrities put into the chain, how
much they made from expenses and dividends, and what happened to their shares,"
a court

official said.

An investigation would cast light on the burgeoning business empire of the
Austrian-born action superstar, who is estimated now to earn more in financial
dealings than from his faltering film career.

Schwarzenegger's latest action movie Collateral Damage barely broke even, but
his business interests continue to grow. The former bodybuilder from Graz is
thought to have earned $47 million from his film back catalogue last year, but
double that from his business enterprises, according to an estimate by a
reporter with the business magazine Forbes.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Herald Archive, Reuters; Arnold Schwarzenegger at the premiere
of Collateral Damage. While not accused of any wrongdoing in the bankruptcy of
Planet Hollywood restaurants, he may face questioning over what happened to his
shares.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Mafia-busting regulator gets tough on deals with suspected wrongdoers

BYLINE: David Robertson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 449 words


Sweetheart deals with companies accused of wrongdoing will become rarer as the
new US mafia-busting financial regulator looks to get tough on corporate crime.

Mary Jo White, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said this
week that it would become harder for companies to settle allegations of
wrongdoing without an admission of guilt.

The SEC has used this tactic as a way of achieving settlements in hard-to-prove
cases and it has been copied by the Serious Fraud Office in criminal cases in
the UK.

This year the SEC reached a $602 million settlement with Stephen Cohen's SAC
Capital over allegations of insider trading by one of the hedge fund's
analysts.Despite the record penalty, SAC was not required to admit guilt.

However, when the SAC plea deal reached Judge Victor Marrero, a federal Judge in
Manhattan, he refused to rubber stamp it. He said: "It seems counterintuitive
and incongruous to settle a case for $600 million that might cost $1 million to
litigate. How believable is it to the public, the claim that they did nothing
wrong?"

Judge Marrero eventually agreed to the settlement but the SEC is responding to
concern in the legal community about such deals by requiring its investigators
to push for a guilty plea.

Ms White said: "We are going to, in certain cases, be seeking admissions. Public
accountability in particular kinds of cases can be quite important and if we
don't get them, then we litigate them."

Ms White, known as a tough prosecutor, was recruited by the Obama Administration
to head the SEC this year. In the 1990s she led a team of district attorneys in
Brooklyn that convicted John Gotti, the head of the Gambini crime family, of
murder, racketeering and extortion. As the district attorney for Manhattan she
secured convictions against the bomber of the World Trade Centre in 1993.

Concern about the SEC's no-plea deals has mounted since the financial crisis.
The regulator has reached no-plea settlements with banks accused of wrongdoing
despite criticism that those responsible for the crisis are not being held
accountable.

George Canellos and Andrew Ceresney, co-directors of the SEC, outlined to the
regulator's staff this week when a no-plea agreement would be unacceptable.

They said these may include cases in which misconduct harmed a large number of
investors; when investors, or the market, risked serious harm; when the
defendant engaged in egregious intentional misconduct or unlawfully obstructed
the Commission's investigation.

"Should we determine that admissions or other acknowledgement of misconduct are
critical, we would require such admissions or acknowledgement, or, if the
defendants refuse, litigate the case," they said.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Jo White: seeks admissions of guilt

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Mafia-busting regulator gets tough on deals with suspected wrongdoers

BYLINE: David Robertson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 449 words


Sweetheart deals with companies accused of wrongdoing will become rarer as the
new US mafia-busting financial regulator looks to get tough on corporate crime.

Mary Jo White, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said this
week that it would become harder for companies to settle allegations of
wrongdoing without an admission of guilt.

The SEC has used this tactic as a way of achieving settlements in hard-to-prove
cases and it has been copied by the Serious Fraud Office in criminal cases in
the UK.

This year the SEC reached a $602 million settlement with Stephen Cohen's SAC
Capital over allegations of insider trading by one of the hedge fund's analysts.

Despite the record penalty, SAC was not required to admit guilt.

However, when the SAC plea deal reached Judge Victor Marrero, a federal judge in
Manhattan, he refused to rubber stamp it. He said: "It seems counterintuitive
and incongruous to settle a case for $600 million that might cost $1 million to
litigate. How believable is it to the public, the claim that they did nothing
wrong?" Judge Marrero eventually agreed to the settlement but the SEC is
responding to concern in the legal community about such deals by requiring its
investigators to push for a guilty plea.

Ms White said: "We are going to, in certain cases, be seeking admissions.

Public accountability in particular kinds of cases can be quite important and if
we don't get them, then we litigate them."

Ms White, known as a tough prosecutor, was recruited by the Obama Administration
to head the SEC this year. In the 1990s she led a team of district attorneys in
Brooklyn that convicted John Gotti, the head of the Gambini crime family, of
murder, racketeering and extortion. As the district attorney for Manhattan she
secured convictions against the bomber of the World Trade Centre in 1993.

Concern about the SEC's no-plea deals has mounted since the financial crisis.
The regulator has reached no-plea settlements with banks accused of wrongdoing
despite criticism that those responsible for the crisis are not being held
accountable.

George Canellos and Andrew Ceresney, co-directors of the SEC, outlined to the
regulator's staff this week when a no-plea agreement would be unacceptable.

They said these may include cases in which misconduct harmed a large number of
investors; when investors, or the market, risked serious harm; when the
defendant engaged in egregious intentional misconduct or unlawfully obstructed
the Commission's investigation.

"Should we determine that admissions or other acknowledgement of misconduct are
critical, we would require such admissions or acknowledgement, or, if the
defendants refuse, litigate the case," they said.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Jo White: seeks admissions of guilt

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 1, 2007 Saturday

Release Trentadue files, court says

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 310 words


A U.S. Department of Justice request to delay disclosure of the details of an
investigation into the death of a federal prison inmate has gone nowhere fast.

Government lawyers told the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Tuesday they
needed more time to decide whether to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an
order that requires the submission of documents to Salt Lake City attorney Jesse
Trentadue, brother of the deceased prisoner.

The Denver-based appeals court denied the request that same day, and on
Wednesday ordered the records be produced for Trentadue.

Kenneth Trentadue, a convicted bank robber being held on an alleged parole
violation, was found hanged in his cell in a federal prison in Oklahoma City in
1995. His brother suspects he was beaten and killed during an interrogation by
guards who mistook him for a suspect in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah
Federal Building two months earlier.

The death was ruled a suicide. The government has denied wrongdoing.

Jesse Trentadue filed requests for information about his brother's death under
the federal Freedom of Information Act. But many of his requests were denied,
prompting him to file lawsuits in Utah against the agencies holding the
documents.

One suit targets the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, an agency
that investigates allegations of wrongdoing by federal officials. The Integrity
Committee, a subdivision of the council, said releasing the documents would
violate the privacy of government employees and denied the records request.
After a judge in Utah upheld the committee's decision, Trentadue appealed to the
10th Circuit. A three-judge panel ruled in September that most of the
information must be disclosed, and refused a government request for the full
court to reconsider.

pmanson@sltrib.com

---

* Correspondent ROBERT BOCZKIEWICZ contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 13, 2002 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Former Tyco CEO, Two Others Indicted;
Kozlowski Faces Broader Fraud Charges

BYLINE: Ben White, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1160 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK Sept. 12


-- Former Tyco International Ltd. chief executive L. Dennis Kozlowski and the
company's former chief financial officer, Mark H. Swartz, were indicted today
for allegedly using $ 170 million in company money to throw lavish parties and
buy expensive homes, jewelry and art for themselves, and for making $ 430
million more by selling stock at artificially inflated prices.

Kozlowski and Swartz allegedly used improper bonuses and company loans -- most
of them later forgiven -- to buy a long list of luxury items.

These include: $ 12 million worth of art; a $ 2.5 million home in Boca Raton,
Fla., and $ 9 million more for other property in Boca Raton; $ 5 million for
property in Nantucket, Mass.; $ 900,000 for property in Greenwich, Conn.; $
240,000 for jewelry from high-end dealer Harry Winston; a $ 7 million Park
Avenue apartment in New York for Kozlowski's wife as part of a divorce
settlement; $ 1 million for a private party for Kozlowski on the Italian island
of Sardinia; a $ 1 million gift in Kozlowski's name to Cambridge University; and
expensive cars, yachts and investments in sports teams and other ventures.

The scope of today's indictment dwarfs one handed down earlier this year
charging Kozlowski with evading more than $ 1 million in New York sales taxes on
art, including works by Renoir and Monet, that he purchased with company funds.

Former Tyco general counsel Mark Belnick was also indicted today for allegedly
falsifying business records to conceal $ 14 million in interest-free loans he
received from the company, which he used to buy an apartment in New York and a
house in Park City, Utah.

All three pleaded not guilty after a brief court appearance in which they
arrived in handcuffs. If convicted, Kozlowski and Swartz face up to 30 years in
prison. Belnick faces up to four years.

"Dennis Kozlowski was a recognized business leader and believes that the charges
against him are unfounded and unfair," Kozlowski's attorney, Stephen Kaufman,
said after the arraignment. Attorneys for Belnick and Swartz also asserted their
clients' innocence.

Prosecutors today alleged that Kozlowski and Swartz kept some Tyco board members
in the dark about the loans and other payments by having internal auditors
report directly to Kozlowski, and that they co-opted other board members with
improper payments, including $ 20 million to one director who was not named in
the indictment. Two other directors also allegedly received payments, although
the indictment does not make a direct connection between the payments and the
alleged theft.

The fresh charges recall a similar indictment earlier this year alleging that
Adelphia Communications Corp. founder John Rigas and his family members treated
the company like a personal piggy bank, siphoning over $ 1 billion from the
cable-TV operator and helping drive it into bankruptcy. Attorneys for the Rigas
family have denied wrongdoing by their clients.

Manhattan District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau today said the new Tyco charges
indicate that the Securities and Exchange Commission and prosecutors are working
together to punish a wave of corporate wrongdoing that has spooked investors and
chilled the markets.

"These guys got away with this for a significant amount of time but they did get
caught," he said. "I hope that there are a lot of corporate officials out there
who aren't going to sleep so well tonight."

Also today, Tyco filed suit against Kozlowski, seeking hundreds of millions of
dollars in damages, including repayment of five years' salary, benefits, loans
and bonuses and payments made to other employees. The amount includes at least $
20 million in personal expenses that, according to the suit, Kozlowski charged
to the company. The company has already filed suit against Belnick, accusing him
of failing to disclose $ 35 million in compensation and loans.

Tyco, a conglomerate nominally headquartered in Bermuda but run from Exeter,
N.H., and New York, makes an array of products across numerous markets. Its core
businesses are in electronics and telecommunications. Once viewed as a
mini-General Electric, the firm has seen its share price plunge in recent months
following inquiries into the activities of Kozlowski and other executives and
questions about how the firm accounts for acquisitions. Trading in the stock was
halted this morning.

Morgenthau announced the new charges shortly after the SEC filed a companion
civil suit against the former executives, saying they failed to disclose
millions of dollars in loans taken from the company.

The 94-page indictment describes Kozlowski as "the boss" and Swartz as "chief of
operations" of a criminal enterprise that manipulated Tyco's stock price through
false public statements and fraudulent accounting entries. It also says
Kozlowski and Swartz "concealed thefts and other wrongdoing by corrupting key
employees with lucrative payments to influence their behavior."

Prosecutors also say Kozlowski and others sought to persuade a large securities
brokerage to replace an analyst with an individual whom Kozlowski viewed as more
friendly to Tyco. Kozlowski and the new analyst then allegedly "exchanged
presents worth thousands of dollars."

At Morgenthau's request, a judge signed a temporary order freezing $ 600 million
in assets belonging to Kozlowski and Swartz, Bloomberg News reported. In its
civil suit, the SEC asks that Kozlowski, Swartz and Belnick be forced to repay
all money received as a result of the alleged fraud, including loans, salary,
bonuses, stock options and stock losses they avoided.

"Kozlowski, Swartz and Belnick treated Tyco as their private bank, taking out
hundreds of millions of dollars of loans and compensation without ever telling
investors," SEC enforcement director Stephen M. Cutler said in a statement.

Morgenthau said he decided not to charge Tyco as a corporation because he felt
it would be unfair to punish the firm's 270,000 employees for the deeds of a
few. But both Morgenthau and SEC officials said the investigation was ongoing
and could lead to new charges.

The theft charges allege that Kozlowski and Swartz abused two corporate loan
programs -- one intended to help executives pay taxes on stock grants, the other
to help them relocate to the New York area.  While the loans were being made,
Kozlowski and Swartz allegedly signed sworn documents saying they had no
indebtedness to the company over $ 60,000.

Kozlowski and Swartz are also charged with fraudulently transferring $ 55
million from Tyco's sale of its ADT Automotive business to their own accounts.

Prosecutors also say Kozlowski committed fraud by publicly expressing confidence
in Tyco's future while selling thousands of shares at prices inflated by the
company's false financial reporting, making $ 280 million in the process. Swartz
allegedly sold over 2 million shares worth $ 125 million.

Staff writer Kathleen Day contributed to this report from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Former auditor sues Bank of Internet;
Termination was linked to disclosure of possible wrongdoing, he says

BYLINE: PETER EAVIS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 605 words

ABSTRACT

The complaint said Bank of Internet broke whistle-blower laws when it fired the
internal auditor after he presented evidence of wrongdoing at the bank.

FULL TEXT

Bank of Internet USA has become one of the top-performing banks in the United
States by churning out high-cost mortgages to wealthy individuals with complex
finances.

But in a federal lawsuit filed on Tuesday, a former internal auditor of the bank
contended that Bank of Internet was cutting corners as it grew at a rapid pace.

The auditor, Matt Erhart, said in the suit that he was fired after revealing
what he believed to be wrongdoing at the bank to federal regulators and
management at Bank of Internet. The complaint, filed in federal court in the
Southern District of California, said that Bank of Internet violated federal
laws that seek to protect whistle-blowers.

''As a former federal prosecutor and long time employment lawyer, I find the
bank's conduct as alleged here to be among the most egregious I have seen from a
publicly traded company,'' Carol L. Gillam, Mr. Erhart's lawyer, said in a
statement.

In an interview on Tuesday, Gregory Garrabrants, Bank of Internet's chief
executive, said the allegations were groundless. ''The factual inaccuracies here
are numerous and substantial,'' he said. ''Mr. Erhart has made all of these
allegations in great detail to federal regulators, who have reviewed them in
depth and have found them to be wholly without merit.''

Mr. Garrabrants said that Bank of Internet was planning to file a separate legal
action against Mr. Erhart that may assert that he abused the bank's private
information.

Bank of Internet, which is based in San Diego and has nearly $6 billion in
assets, is a standout performer at a time when other banks are growing slowly.
The bank was the subject of a New York Times report in August that examined
where the bank's growth was coming from.

The bank's biggest business is making mortgages to high-net-worth individuals
who need loans to help buy big-ticket properties because they do not have
sufficient cash on hand. Critics of the bank say that Bank of Internet is not
doing sufficiently thorough checks on borrowers, adding that many might be more
indebted than the bank's filings suggest.

But Mr. Garrabrants fiercely defended Bank of Internet's business. The bank's
loans, he said in an earlier interview, have large financial cushions to protect
the bank if borrowers default.

Mr. Erhart's complaint seeks to paint a picture of a bank where controls often
did not apply. It says that Bank of Internet's borrowers may have included
foreign nationals who might have been off-limits under federal laws against
money laundering. The suit does not, however, name any of the borrowers that Mr.
Erhart thought suspicious. And in an earlier interview, Mr. Garrabrants said the
bank had passed a regulatory review of its loans to foreign nationals.

According to the complaint, Bank of Internet at times failed to provide full and
timely information to regulators.

The suit says that in January, Bank of Internet told its primary regulator, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, that none of its accounts lacked tax
identification numbers. The complaint added, however, that Mr. Erhart, whose
employment at the bank ended in June, saw a spreadsheet that contained as many
as 200 accounts without tax identification numbers.

According to the complaint, Bank of Internet was also not forthcoming with the
Securities and Exchange Commission when the agency sought information about an
account at the bank.

Neither the office of the comptroller nor the S.E.C. responded to requests for
comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             August 10, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

biz briefs

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 417 words


Duke Energy CEOto appear before PSC

Duke Energy's CEO Jim Rogers will appear before the Florida Public Service
Commission Monday to address how the acrimonious $32 billion merger with
Progress Energy in July will affect Florida customers. Duke Energy serves 7
million customers in Florida and five other states. Monday's discussion will
include the settlement agreement with Progress Energy Florida approved by the
PSC in February that included a $150 million rate increase, effective next year,
the PSC said Thursday. The meeting will be streamed on the PSC's website:
http://www.floridapsc.com/agendas/audiovideo/

Google fined$22.5 million

Google is paying a $22.5 million fine to settle the latest regulatory case
questioning the Internet search leader's respect for people's privacy and the
integrity of its internal controls. The penalty announced Thursday by the
Federal Trade Commission is the most that the FTC has ever fined a company for a
civil violation. The rebuke resolves the FTC's allegations that Google Inc.
duped millions of Web surfers who use Apple Inc.'s Safari browser.

Goldman Sachscleared of wrongdoing

Goldman Sachs has disclosed that it was cleared of wrongdoing after an
investigation into a $1.3 billion subprime mortgage deal, a surprising victory
for the bank. The Securities and Exchange Commission's decision to forgo action
is an about-face for the federal regulator. In February, the SEC notified
Goldman that it planned to pursue a civil enforcement action over the deal, a
package of subprime mortgages in Fremont, Calif., that the bank sold to
investors in 2006.

Struggling E-Tradeousts CEO Freiberg

E-Trade Financial has ousted its CEO, Citigroup veteran Steven Freiberg, just
two years into a four-year contract as the online broker deals with declining
trading by customers. The company said Thursday that it's looking for a new CEO
as it adjusts its business strategy, which is focused on strengthening its
financial position. E-Trade has been struggling as consumers pull money out of
the stock market.

Earnings

JPMorgan Chase on Thursday formally revised its first-quarter financial results
to show a lower profit, after deciding that traders at its main investment arm
had overstated the value of certain derivatives. The reduction followed the
bank's internal investigation into the nearly $6 billion in trading losses
revealed in recent months. JPMorgan reiterated that it had discovered that some
traders may have tried to conceal the size of losses from a soured bet.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 10, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

JUSTICE DEPT. AIDES FACING AN INQUIRY

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 9


The United States Attorney for Boston is overseeing an investigation into
possible wrongdoing by Justice Department lawyers who decided several years ago
to withhold documents of the Environmental Protection Agency from Congress,
department officials said today.

They said that the United States Attorney, William F. Weld, would be
instrumental in deciding whether a special prosecutor should be appointed to
investigate allegations that the lawyers lied to Congress and the White House in
refusing to hand over the documents.

Mr. Weld was chosen for the job, they say, after two senior Justice Department
officials removed themselves from the investigation over concern that there
could be charges of conflict of interest.

The two officials, D. Lowell Jensen, the Deputy Attorney General, and Stephen S.
Trott, the head of the department's criminal division, worked for the department
at the time of the incident over the environmental agency documents.

In 1982 and 1983, the environmental agency, at the direction of officials at the
Justice Department and White House, refused to provide the documents to
Congressional investigators studying the agency's toxic waste cleanup program.

False Certification Charged

A House Judiciary Committee report last year charged that the department, in
seeking to withhold the documents, falsely certified that the material contained
no indication of wrongdoing. The report said that the department officials knew
that the documents did show possible illegality and political manipulation in
the cleanup progam.

The Justice Department is scheduled to decide later this month whether to seek
the court appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the former
department lawyers who were involved in the decisions regarding environmental
agency. The Judiciary Committee has requested the prosecutor.

The lawyers named in the committee's report have denied wrongdoing.

Mr. Weld, a highly regarded prosecutor, has overseen the recent cases against
several organized crime figures in New England. Federal officials said earlier
this week that Mr. Weld would soon be appointed to lead the Justice Department's
criminal division.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday

Inquiry: No 'serious wrongdoing' by state early-ed commissioner

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 788 words


By Matt Murphy

State House News Service

BOSTON -- Under fire for moonlighting as a superintendent's intern in Ware,
former Early Education and Care Commissioner Sherri Killins was cleared Thursday
of "serious wrongdoing" by an internal investigation into the hours she spent at
her internship, but faulted for submitting improperly approved travel expenses
over the past year.

Education Secretary Matt Malone submitted his findings to the chairman of the
Board of Early Education and Care J.D. Chesloff on Thursday, indicating that
since January 2012 Killins submitted on two occasions travel voucher
reimbursement forms that did not include a supervisor's signature.

The report also found that Killins's travel authorization forms submitted over
the past 15 months did not include the signatures of the chief fiscal affairs
office or the secretary of education, both required under department rules.

Killins resigned abruptly on Monday. The Republican of Springfield reported in
February about the internship with the superintendent of the Ware Public Schools
and the Boston Herald last week began raising questions about the time she was
spending away from her state job at a time when Gov. Deval Patrick is seeking
tax increases to invest in early education.

Though Killins resigned her $200,000-a-year post, she will continued to be paid
her full salary as a consultant for the next two months to assist with the
transition.

"EOE's review of Commissioner Killins's activities with the Ware Public Schools,
as well as issues relating to her travel reimbursements and expenses, indicates
she did not commit serious wrongdoing or engage in any intentional malfeasance
that would require termination of her employment, though it appears that some
administrative procedures were not followed," Malone wrote to Chesloff, making
several recommendations for new policies to address the concerns in the future.

In the report to Chesloff, Malone recommended a new policy requiring any
commissioner or manager to seek approval from his or her appointing authority
before taking on any paid or unpaid outside work. The new secretary also called
on the board to implement a policy prohibiting employees from engaging in
non-department activities during regular work hours unless they take personal or
vacation time to do so.

Killins had been interning with Ware Superintendent Mary-Elizabeth Beach as part
of a certification program that requires 300 hours working in the field with a
current superintendent. According to the report, Killins logged approximately 30
hours since January.

Despite Killins' calendar showing an all-day appointment in Ware on Jan. 30 and
two hours set aside in the morning on Feb. 15, Malone said that both Killins and
Beach stated that the commissioner did not spend any time at her internship
during regular business hours, instead putting in hours at night and on the
weekends.

Further, the report said that Killins had "expressed an intention" to make up
for days blocked out on her schedule for Ware in the coming weeks and months
with after-work activities as EEC commissioner.

Gov. Deval Patrick, in an interview on WGBH radio on Thursday, continued to
defend Killins and the "really great job" she did at the Department of Early
Education and Care.

"You get vacation days. She wasn't doing that every day. You get vacation. I
have no interest in protecting that kind of behavior. It doesn't reflect well on
the administration and doesn't get the job done. But people do things in their
off time. I wrote a book in my off time," Patrick told hosts Jim Braude and
Margery Eagan.

Asked about Killins residing in New Haven, Conn. and commuting to Boston every
day, Patrick said he would prefer that commissioners like Killins reside in
Massachusetts, but said he wasn't sure it should be mandated. He also deflected
a question about whether he would have fired Killins had she not resigned.

"I didn't have to cross that bridge because she got to where she got as quickly
as she did," Patrick said.

Prior to releasing the finalized report, Malone on Wednesday said he found no
"outward abuse of time" by Killins.

"There was nothing illegal that the commissioner had done. This commissioner is
a good person, and she cares about kids. She did her job and this state is a
better place because of that work. She made the decision to move on. We're
moving on," Malone said.

Asked if keeping her on as a consultant for two months amounted to paying her
for a "no-show job," Malone said, "I don't think that's fair, and you can quote
me on saying that."

"We're doing good work and we'll continue to do good work. The sky is not
falling. The sun is out and Massachusetts is a great place to live. Invest in
it," Malone told reporters.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Inquiry: No 'serious wrongdoing' by early-ed commissioner

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 788 words


By Matt Murphy

State House News Service

BOSTON -- Under fire for moonlighting as a superintendent's intern in Ware,
former Early Education and Care Commissioner Sherri Killins was cleared Thursday
of "serious wrongdoing" by an internal investigation into the hours she spent at
her internship, but faulted for submitting improperly approved travel expenses
over the past year.

Education Secretary Matt Malone submitted his findings to the chairman of the
Board of Early Education and Care J.D. Chesloff on Thursday, indicating that
since January 2012 Killins submitted on two occasions travel voucher
reimbursement forms that did not include a supervisor's signature.

The report also found that Killins's travel authorization forms submitted over
the past 15 months did not include the signatures of the chief fiscal affairs
office or the secretary of education, both required under department rules.

Killins resigned abruptly on Monday. The Republican of Springfield reported in
February about the internship with the superintendent of the Ware Public Schools
and the Boston Herald last week began raising questions about the time she was
spending away from her state job at a time when Gov. Deval Patrick is seeking
tax increases to invest in early education.

Though Killins resigned her $200,000-a-year post, she will continued to be paid
her full salary as a consultant for the next two months to assist with the
transition.

"EOE's review of Commissioner Killins's activities with the Ware Public Schools,
as well as issues relating to her travel reimbursements and expenses, indicates
she did not commit serious wrongdoing or engage in any intentional malfeasance
that would require termination of her employment, though it appears that some
administrative procedures were not followed," Malone wrote to Chesloff, making
several recommendations for new policies to address the concerns in the future.

In the report to Chesloff, Malone recommended a new policy requiring any
commissioner or manager to seek approval from his or her appointing authority
before taking on any paid or unpaid outside work. The new secretary also called
on the board to implement a policy prohibiting employees from engaging in
non-department activities during regular work hours unless they take personal or
vacation time to do so.

Killins had been interning with Ware Superintendent Mary-Elizabeth Beach as part
of a certification program that requires 300 hours working in the field with a
current superintendent. According to the report, Killins logged approximately 30
hours since January.

Despite Killins' calendar showing an all-day appointment in Ware on Jan. 30 and
two hours set aside in the morning on Feb. 15, Malone said that both Killins and
Beach stated that the commissioner did not spend any time at her internship
during regular business hours, instead putting in hours at night and on the
weekends.

Further, the report said that Killins had "expressed an intention" to make up
for days blocked out on her schedule for Ware in the coming weeks and months
with after-work activities as EEC commissioner.

Gov. Deval Patrick, in an interview on WGBH radio on Thursday, continued to
defend Killins and the "really great job" she did at the Department of Early
Education and Care.

"You get vacation days. She wasn't doing that every day. You get vacation. I
have no interest in protecting that kind of behavior. It doesn't reflect well on
the administration and doesn't get the job done. But people do things in their
off time. I wrote a book in my off time," Patrick told hosts Jim Braude and
Margery Eagan.

Asked about Killins residing in New Haven, Conn. and commuting to Boston every
day, Patrick said he would prefer that commissioners like Killins reside in
Massachusetts, but said he wasn't sure it should be mandated. He also deflected
a question about whether he would have fired Killins had she not resigned.

"I didn't have to cross that bridge because she got to where she got as quickly
as she did," Patrick said.

Prior to releasing the finalized report, Malone on Wednesday said he found no
"outward abuse of time" by Killins.

"There was nothing illegal that the commissioner had done. This commissioner is
a good person, and she cares about kids. She did her job and this state is a
better place because of that work. She made the decision to move on. We're
moving on," Malone said.

Asked if keeping her on as a consultant for two months amounted to paying her
for a "no-show job," Malone said, "I don't think that's fair, and you can quote
me on saying that."

"We're doing good work and we'll continue to do good work. The sky is not
falling. The sun is out and Massachusetts is a great place to live. Invest in
it," Malone told reporters.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      July 13, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Bill would ban loans to corporate officers

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Sandra Sobieraj

SECTION: Business; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Scrambling to restore confidence in American business, the Senate
adopted a ban yesterday on personal loans from companies to their top officials,
a practice that benefited executives from Enron to WorldCom -- and President
George W. Bush as a Texas oilman.

The Senate move would prohibit such loans as a way to prevent conflicts of
interest. The measure was approved as Mr. Bush met at the White House with his
new financial crimes "SWAT team."

Deputy attorney-general Larry Thompson, chairman of that panel, pledged to go
after corporate criminals "with vigour and an aggressive manner." He said
hundreds of prosecutors have already opened a number of investigations.

The loan ban was first proposed by Mr. Bush on Tuesday and cast as a means of
preventing conflicts of interest.

"Time after time, cheating CEOs received no-interest loans from their companies,
often to the tune of millions of dollars," said New York Senator Charles
Schumer, who introduced the amendment. "And when the companies went broke or
when the CEOs resigned, the money is often never paid back. Why do executives at
Adelphia, Enron and WorldCom need to borrow money from their stockholders? Why
can't they go to the bank like everyone else?"

Other Senate votes cleared the way for passage next week of legislation to
impose new sanctions on corporate wrongdoing and tighten oversight of the
accounting industry.

Approval of the amendment followed suggestions of hypocrisy about Mr. Bush
benefiting from $180,000 in low-interest loans when he was a director of Harken
Energy Corp.

Mr. Thompson, SEC chairman Harvey Pitt, Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI
Director Robert Mueller briefed Mr. Bush after the task force convened its first
meeting at the Justice Department.

Asked how widespread prosecutions might be, Mr. Pitt said officials won't know
until after the country's 1,000 biggest corporations respond to a Securities and
Exchange Commission order to have chief executives and chief financial officers
certify the validity of financial statements already on file.

"That will happen in the next few weeks and when that does, that will give us a
very clear picture of what's around," said Mr. Pitt, himself the subject of
criticism as being too cosy with the businesses he regulates.

The task force, which Mr. Bush has described as a corporate fraud "SWAT team,"
includes representatives from the FBI, SEC, U.S. attorneys, Treasury Department
and Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

"This is a SWAT team in the sense that if you've engaged in corporate fraud, if
you've engaged in wrongdoing, this task force is going to swat you," Mr.
Fleischer said.

There appeared to be some confusion on the task force's role, however, with Mr.
Fleischer saying its job was to prosecute and imprison corporate criminals "not
to write law."

However, Mr. Thompson said his group would recommend to Mr. Bush and Mr.
Ashcroft "corrective and remedial action," including new rules, regulations and
legislation it might deem necessary.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

SHERIFF RALLIES BILL SUPPORT Revised measure would boost authority over officer
firing

BYLINE: Mike Prager<br> mikep@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5454<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 741 words


2014 WASHINGTON LEGISLATURE

Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich is taking another run at closing a
loophole in state law governing the firing of bad law enforcement officers.

On Tuesday, he enlisted support of other sheriffs and police chiefs in the
Inland Northwest in calling for a bill to give the Washington State Criminal
Justice Commission greater authority to revoke the certification of law
enforcement officers who lie or commit crimes.

State Sen. Mike Padden, R-Spokane Valley, is the prime sponsor.

In recent years, Knezovich has fired a deputy and a jail officer only to have
them returned to service by state arbitrators who said the firings were too
severe a punishment despite proof of wrongdoing.

"This is about our profession, and it's about public trust," Knezovich said
during a press conference with his fellow sheriffs and chiefs. They asked
residents to contact their legislative representatives in support of the bill.

Knezovich said that being forced by arbitrators to retain officers who should be
fired is a problem that needs fixing.

A year ago, he sought a bill that would require an arbitrator to uphold a firing
with evidence of wrongdoing.

The bill ran into opposition from organized law enforcement officers and died in
the Legislature. They had raised concerns about adequate due process for
officers facing dismissal.

The new bill - Senate Bill 6218 - seeks to overcome the opposition by creating a
new layer of proceedings.

The criminal justice commission, which certifies officers when they complete
their training, would hold its own proceeding on revocation in cases of officers
lying or receiving criminal convictions.

Knezovich has enlisted the support of the Washington Association of Sheriffs and
Police Chiefs, which has made the bill its top priority this session. He is
currently president of the WASPC board.

Don Pierce, legislative director for WASPC, said cases where officers are
ordered back to their jobs despite findings of wrongdoing are relatively rare.

Last year, a state arbitrator ruled that a Washougal police officer should be
given his job back even though the officer punched a mentally ill man multiple
times, according to the Columbian newspaper of Vancouver.

In 2010, Spokane County Deputy Travis Smith was reinstated by an arbitrator
after he stabbed a knife into a car seat and wrote up nine infractions to the
driver after the driver made a comment Smith did not like.

The arbitrators said firing was too harsh.

Currently, the training commission can revoke a law officer's certificate for
lying on an application, failing to meet training requirements, getting fired
and having the firing upheld, or being convicted of a felony.

Under the bill, the commission could revoke certification of an officer for
lying in an official proceeding, being convicted of a felony or gross
misdemeanor while on duty, and being convicted of a felony or one of several
gross misdemeanors while off duty. Those gross misdemeanors are fourth-degree
assault, third-degree theft and malicious mischief.

An officer would still go to arbitration before the commission could revoke the
officer's certificate.

Jamie Daniels, executive director of the Washington Council of Police and
Sheriffs, said her organization, which represents commissioned officers, agrees
that bad officers should be fired but has concerns about due process for
officers.

"It's a community safety issue and an officer safety issue that people respect
police," she said.

Padden said he is optimistic he can get the legislation to the floor of the
Senate, but he is not sure it will survive in the House, where organized labor
has strong political support.

Idaho currently has a law that allows its training council to revoke
certifications for lying or wrongdoing.

Kootenai County Sheriff Ben Wolfinger said he is "flabbergasted" that Washington
doesn't have the same law.

Stevens County Sheriff Kendle Allen said, "It seems bizarre to me we need to be
here to be having this conversation."

Knezovich said, "The citizens of this community, especially this community, very
much want this (bill) to happen," Knezovich said.

The bill comesamid a backdrop of other debates about use of force and officer
wrongdoing.

Citizens in Spokane have voted strongly in favor of a stronger police ombudsman
to provide independent oversight of police wrongdoing.

Mayor David Condon and Knezovich both are seeking body cameras for their
officers.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday

Army recruiter says job gets bad rap

BYLINE: By Jeremy Herb, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 668 words


FREMONT -- Life certainly could be easier for Army recruiters.

Facing an increasingly unpopular war in Iraq, protests over school recruiting
and a new government report calling for more recruiter oversight, the recruiters
face an uphill battle.

But that doesn't faze Staff Sgt. Joaquin Rivera.

He can't worry about external factors in his job as an Army recruiter, even if
his line of work has gotten a bad rap lately.

On Aug. 14, a report released by the Government Accountability Office revealed
that military recruiters increasingly used illicit tactics in 2005 to sign up
recruits, including harassment and even falsifying documents.

"Even one incident of recruiter wrongdoing can erode public confidence in the
recruiting process," the report stated.

Station Cmdr. Roger Gomez, who runs the Fremont recruiting station, said that
while recruiters who break the rules clearly have character issues, the problems
in military recruiting aren't different from those in other, less scrutinized
industries.

"A lot (of people) blame it on the Army," Gomez said. "Any institution --
politics, military, school, anything with the government -- is supposed to set
an example."

The GAO report found that there were 123 cases of substantiated wrongdoing in
2005 involving Army recruiters and 629 instances throughout all four military
branches. There are 6,484 Army and 13,929 total "frontline" recruiters.

Rivera, who began recruiting in Fremont six months ago, said there is no reason
to try to hide things from potential recruits, especially when considering the
vast amount of information available on the Internet.

Rivera said he tells all recruits there is a good chance they will be sent to
Iraq, given the military's current situation.

In fact, Rivera served in Iraq for six months at the start of the war as a
network administrator, setting up networks and phone systems for the Army.

Rivera, originally from Queens, N.Y., joined the Army nine years ago. Rivera
said he was planning to apply for a retail management job, but when he talked
with the Army recruiter, he enlisted instead.

"The main reason was I wanted to get paid training to get a better job and money
for college," Rivera said, adding that he originally planned to leave after his
four-year term.

But when his four years ended, Rivera changed his mind and remained in the
service, finishing college in the Army.

Then last year he was reassigned as a recruiter.

"I didn't have a choice," Rivera said. "It was either take the job or get out."

The transition from his previous job in El Paso, Texas, to Fremont wasn't easy,
Rivera said.

While recruiters aren't living on an Army base, Rivera said he regularly puts in
12-hour days and has to meet monthly recruiting goals.

Rivera said he hopes the public perception of recruiters will change.

"Where are we getting this myth that recruiters are liars? It's a
misconception," Rivera said. "I feel like I'm doing a service to my country."

In the small recruiting office on Paseo Padre Parkway, Rivera makes plenty of
phone calls to eligible recruits. In addition to "getting told 'no' 10,000 times
a day," Rivera said he has received several unkind remarks from parents.

"One of the worst things I heard from a parent is, 'My kid is smarter than
that,'" Rivera said. "Another one was, 'Leave our kids alone -- you're killing
our kids.'"

Rivera said Northern California is generally known as a tougher market than
Texas.

But there are still some in the area who want to enlist. Gomez said his office
signs up about six or seven recruits each month, each of whom must pass a
written test, a physical and a background check before they can join.

No matter where recruiters are stationed, they need social skills to succeed,
Gomez said.

"They can't be a closed person," said Gomez, who used to be a recruiter in
Redlands in Southern California. "Some (recruiters) can switch people around."

"If we weren't recruiting, there would be a draft."

Staff writer Jeremy Herb can be reached at (510) 353-7013 or
jherb@angnewspapers.com .sa.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Orthodox Church finds financial impropriety

LENGTH: 354 words


NEW YORK (AP) -- A preliminary investigation of longtime financial wrongdoing in
the administration of the Orthodox Church in America confirmed claims of
impropriety that outside auditors said "centered on and around one individual."

The Holy Synod of Bishops and the Metropolitan Council, which oversees church
administration, said that financial controls had been "circumvented" at least
since 1998, and that auditors had uncovered a "pattern of personal use of church
money" for years.

The person believed responsible for the misconduct was not identified in the
Dec. 12 statement and no figure was released on the amount of money involved. A
spokesman for the 400,000-member church, based in Syosset, N.Y., said he could
provide no further details.

Church leaders commissioned the audit following claims by former treasurer,
Protodeacon Eric Wheeler, that the church chancellor, Robert S. Kondratick, and
Metropolitan Theodosius, the now retired head of the church, were the chief
perpetrators of "financial corruption."

Among the wrongdoing auditors said they uncovered were falsified financial
reports and attempts to divert money that had been donated to charity.

Harry Kutner, an attorney for Kondratick, said Tuesday "it's pretty obvious" the
person singled out in the report is his client. Kutner insists that the
clergyman, who was dismissed as chancellor in March, did nothing wrong. "He has
nothing to hide," Kutner said, arguing leaders of the denomination are
scapegoating Kondratick to maintain their authority in the church.

Theodosius, who retired in 2002, declined to comment.

Mark Stokoe, a Dayton, Ohio, layman who runs ocanews.org, which is pressing the
church for reform, called the preliminary results "a step in the right
direction." The audit was conducted by the accounting firm Lambrides Lamos
Moulthrop and the law firm Proskauer Rose.

The church has appointed a committee of laypeople and clergy to oversee the rest
of the Proskauer Rose investigation, which is expected to conclude within a few
months. Church leaders are also overhauling their administrative structure to
prevent any future wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               December 12, 2001 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CREDIT SUISSE IN TALKS TO SETTLE;
$100 MILLION WOULD SETTLE IPO CHARGES

BYLINE: DEBORAH LOHSE, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1024 words


Credit Suisse First Boston, the hottest shepherd of young technology companies
during the Internet boom, is in talks to pay $100 million to the U.S. government
to settle charges that it improperly doled out shares of coveted initial public
offerings, according to a person familiar with the negotiations.

The payment by the New York-based investment bank would settle an 18-month probe
led by the Securities and Exchange Commission into allegations that Credit
Suisse employees improperly accepted extra-large commissions from investors who
desperately wanted shares of IPOs. It is unclear what additional violations
might be addressed in the settlement. A final settlement is expected within the
next two months.

Regulators have been investigating how investment banks handled IPOs during one
of the most frenzied stock markets in history. Tales of favoritism and possible
kick-backs have cast a cloud over many firms and raised suspicions among
ordinary investors that the IPO market was rigged.

Already, the spotlight on IPO practices is leading some investment firms to
change policies.

Credit Suisse, whose technology investment-banking practice is based in Palo
Alto, was among the most-prolific underwriter of tech companies in 1999 and
2000, earning about $700 million in fees. Frank Quattrone, the managing director
in charge of the tech group, is not expected to be implicated in any wrongdoing
addressed by the settlement. Much of the alleged wrongdoing occurred in the
firm's New York and Boston brokerage offices, say people familiar with the
investigation.

"This is a hefty penalty," said Columbia law Professor John Coffee. "It signals
the SEC will demand significant damages when they find what they consider
willful and deliberate wrongdoing."

A spokeswoman for Credit Suisse First Boston declined to comment. News ofthe
settlement was first reported Tuesday by the Wall Street Journal.

Buying their way

The alleged abuses came during the IPO boom in 1999 and 2000, when investors
were clamoring to get shares of young tech companies, such as VA Linux Systems
and Red Hat, before they began trading in the regular stock market. Such shares
often soared several hundred percent once they began trading, so someone who got
in early could earn huge profits in a very short time.

Some investors tried to buy their way into IPO shares by agreeing to pay as much
as $2 a share or more, compared with typical commissions of only pennies, on
future stock trades. Such arrangements would be improper if they were required
by an underwriter, experts say. Moreover, such deals probably should have been
disclosed by investment banks as compensation related to the IPO, experts said.

The settlement is expected to bring closure at Credit Suisse, which has been
dogged by the IPO investigation.

"This is a settlement they ran to," Coffee said. "Five or six months ago, the
commercial viability of their firm was in doubt," he said, noting that until
recently, the U.S. Attorney in New York was pursuing a possible criminal case
against the firm. The U.S. Attorney recently dropped that investigation without
filing charges.

The odds of a deck-clearing deal improved considerably in July when Credit
Suisse hired former Morgan Stanley Dean Witter executive John Mack as its chief
executive. Mack replaced Allen Wheat, who was fired earlier this year, in part,
because of the IPO mess.

Mack hired former SEC enforcement chief Gary Lynch as general counsel, and
reportedly made it a priority to get the matter resolved. Credit Suisse also
benefited from President Bush's newly appointed SEC Chairman, Harvey Pitt, who
has made it a mission to speedily resolve outstanding investigations.

But the cloud has not cleared for some of Credit Suisse's competitors.

The Wall Street Journal has reported that several other firms, including Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter and Robertson Stephens, face a separate ongoing probe into
whether the firms required investors to commit to buying additional shares of
IPO stocks once those shares started trading.

Morgan Stanley declined to comment. Robertson Stephens said no one was available
to comment Tuesday afternoon.

Illegal 'tie-in'

Requiring investors to buy additional shares once a stock begins trading is
known as a "tie-in." The practice has long been illegal because it creates
artificial demand, increasing prices for other investors unaware of the
influence of the pre-arranged deals.

The real financial penalty with tie-ins could come from private lawsuits.

Most major firms, including Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley and Robertson
Stephens, collectively face more than 1,000 investor lawsuits alleging that
investors lost money because of the commission or tie-in deals.

It will be easier for investors to make a case that they lost money from
tie-ins, Coffee said, than it will be for them to claim losses from improper
commission arrangements.

The SEC investigations are likely to change the nature of the IPO game.

Securities law experts predict that the National Association of Securities
Dealers, an industry regulatory body, will soon issue new rules clarifying how
IPOs should be allocated. Such rules are likely to reiterate that it is illegal
to require a pre-commitment from an investor to buy additional shares of an IPO
stock once it starts trading.

Examining practices

It's not clear whether the NASD would outlaw investment banks from accepting
extra-large commissions from investors who want in on hot deals. At the very
least, experts said, the NASD would require that any such commissions be treated
as additional compensation for their services as IPO underwriter, and that such
compensation be disclosed in the IPO documents along with other fees.

Experts say the industry got a well-timed cooling-off period to re-examine its
IPO practices this year. After the Internet bubble burst, investors lost all
appetite for new shares as they nursed big losses from past IPOs.

"The irony is, we're talking about reforming something that for the time being
is as dead as Tara in "Gone With the Wind," " said Coffee.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Quattrone
He is not expected to be implicated.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 5, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Big crimes? Maybe. Big punishment? Not likely.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 954 words

Today's debate: Enron

Our view: Corporate violators almost always escape with a slap on the wrist.

With each disclosure about the Enron case, the company looks less like a
cutting-edge business and more like a criminal enterprise. Mounting evidence
shows that investors were intentionally misled about the financial health of the
company, auditors knowingly signed off on dubious bookkeeping, and documents
were ordered shredded to keep them from becoming public.

Crimes from securities and accounting fraud to obstruction of justice are being
investigated, and high-level executives are protecting their hides. Enron's
former chief financial officer, Andrew Fastow, who was instrumental in setting
up dubious partnerships, is expected to take the Fifth this week instead of
answering questions from Congress, as has an Arthur Andersen partner. Former
Enron CEO Kenneth Lay refused to show up at a hearing Monday, with his lawyer
complaining that Congress had already decided his guilt.


If history is an accurate guide, these executives have little to fear. Criminal
prosecutions are highly unusual for corporate criminals, and convictions
carrying jail time are even more rare.

Typically, companies found guilty of similar acts have managed to settle out of
court, pay a fine and go their merry way. Individuals either got off with minor
punishment or escaped justice altogether.

The result is that shareholders end up paying for corporate wrongdoing. And the
message sent to other corporate scofflaws interested in a quick buck is that
there are few consequences to behaving badly.

Just look at how "justice" was meted out in cases of fraud with wrongdoing
reminiscent of Enron's:

 * Misleading investors: Four years ago, Sunbeam cooked its books to give the
impression of a company on the mend. The ruse worked, pushing 1997 stock prices
as high as $ 52 a share. But a third of its earnings that year came from
accounting fraud. Once the scam was revealed, the stock plummeted, costing
investors billions.

Despite the scale of the fraud, not much punishment resulted. Sunbeam's
accountant, Arthur Andersen, paid $ 110 million to settle charges of audit
failures -- a relative pittance to a firm with more than $ 9 billion in net
revenue. Phil Harlow, the Andersen partner who signed off on Sunbeam's books,
still works for the firm. Some Sunbeam executives are merely being sued in civil
court by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 * Accounting fraud: Last spring, the SEC charged Andersen with "knowingly or
recklessly" issuing "false and misleading" audit reports on behalf of Waste
Management, overstating the refuse company's pre-tax income by more than $ 1
billion between 1992 and 1996. This time Andersen paid only $ 7 million in a
settlement deal. Three of its partners paid fines but didn't have to admit any
wrongdoing.

 * Document destruction: In 1995, Ortho Pharmaceutical pleaded guilty to
obstructing justice after shredding documents related to a federal investigation
of its Retin-A public-relations campaign. The government criticized the
"outrageous conduct," but Ortho, part of the Johnson & Johnson empire, got off
with just a $ 7.5 million fine. In 2000, Johnson & Johnson had sales topping $
29 billion.

On occasion, executives are criminally prosecuted, but the offense has to be
particularly egregious. In 1996, Archer Daniels Midland pleaded guilty to price
fixing, paid a $ 100-million fine and saw three executives hauled away to
prison. Several savings and loans executives served time after their financial
crimes cost taxpayers billions of dollars. Executives might also find themselves
out of a job with a career in ruins.

To be sure, convicting individuals of wrongdoing in such cases is difficult. The
laws are complicated, the deals often murky, and assessing blame can be tricky.
Extracting a pound of flesh from the company is often the only avenue.

But the bigger problem is that regulators and law enforcement officials lack
sufficient resources to nail down just who is at fault.

Clearly that has to change, and not just when the glare of publicity shines on
the $ 60-billion Enron meltdown. Law enforcement must do more than seek some
restitution for those harmed by corporate illegality. Whistleblower protection
should be enhanced, and repeat corporate offenders barred from doing business
with the government. More importantly, executives and other individuals
responsible for breaking laws should be aggressively targeted.

New Enron inquiries launched by more than a half-dozen congressional committees,
the SEC and the Department of Justice could send an important message by
prosecuting a new crop of corporate felons.

That would be a good start. Cops can't be in every executive suite, just as they
can't be on every street. So law enforcement works when it deters bad behavior.
If street thugs know that punishment will be swift and sure, they'll think twice
about committing crime. Until corporate executives and their accountants feel
the same, there's little to prevent the next Enron.



Top fines for corporate crimes

Corporate crimes typically result in a fine against the company, often one
easily absorbed by the firm. Top five fines of the 1990s and crimes committed:

Company


Year


Crime


Fine (millions)

F. Hoffman-La Roche

1999

antitrust

$ 500

Daiwa Bank

1996

financial

$ 340

BASF

1999

antitrust

$ 225

SGL Carbon

1999

antitrust

$ 135

Exxon

1991

environ-mental

$ 125

Source: Corporate Crime Reporter

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: The Powers Report (BAR
GRAPH)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             May 4, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

'Blue ribbon' directors pay Hollinger $50 million US: No one admits wrongdoing
in massive settlement

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, National Post; CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G7

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - A group of "blue ribbon" directors including former U.S. secretary of
state Henry Kissinger have agreed to a $50-million US settlement with Hollinger
International Inc. to settle claims about their tenure at Conrad Black's
publishing empire.

The money is to be paid from director and officer liability insurance held by
the newspaper publisher, and requires court approval in Canada and the United
States.

All of the directors who are party to the settlement have denied any wrong-doing
or liability, and the agreement contains no admission of wrongdoing or liability
by any of them, Hollinger said Tuesday.

Kissinger was named in a damning lawsuit filed last year by Hollinger
shareholder Cardinal Capital Management LLC, along with present and former
Hollinger directors including two-time Illinois governor James Thompson and
Marie Josee Kravis, the wife of wealthy financier Henry Kravis

That lawsuit, which alleged the independent directors were "totally quiescent"
while executives treated the company as "their personal piggy bank" over a
six-year period, was a key element in the negotiations, sources close to the
company said Tuesday. The directors' conduct was also detailed through a
14-month internal investigation at Hollinger International.

Cardinal Capital filed its lawsuit after demanding access to board meeting
minutes and other company documents.

"Despite being presented with numerous self-dealing transactions, the board
without question or investigation repeatedly approved the actions of Hollinger
executives (often after the fact) and permitted their unfettered raid on
Hollinger's finances," the lawsuit alleged.

Among the transactions was the sale of Hollinger publications to small newspaper
companies controlled by Black and his associates for $1 -- without a bidding
process, negotiation or a fairness opinion, the lawsuit said.

"We believe Hollinger International's shareholders have suffered significantly
as a result of the board's lack of requisite diligence," Gene Fox, managing
director of Greenwich, Conn.-based Cardinal, said Tuesday. "This settlement
provides $50 million as restitution to Hollinger International for the role of
certain outside directors."

Hollinger International did not name most of the independent directors in its
own lawsuit filed in Chicago, which is seeking more than $400 million in
restitution from controlling shareholder Black and other former officers of the
company who were ejected amid the investigation into alleged self-dealing.

A statement from Hollinger International said those claims are unchanged as a
result of the settlement concluded Tuesday with directors including Richard
Burt, Shmuel Meitar, and former independent directors Dwayne Andreas, Raymond
Chambers, Robert Strauss, Alfred Taubman, George Weidenfeld, and Leslie Wexner.

If the settlement with independent directors does not receive the blessing of
Ontario's Superior Court of Justice by September, all parties involved will have
to agree to extend its terms, sources said Tuesday.

Other companies controlled by Black have challenged past settlement talks with
Hollinger International's directors, claiming first right to insurance money
because all entities in the publishing empire were at one time insured together.

"We'll review the proposed settlement after we've been provided a copy and
determine the appropriate course of action after examining it," a spokesman for
Black said Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; Henry Kissinger among 'blue ribbon' Hollinger
directors

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      June 10, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

Reports detail intimidation by top WorldCom officials

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Matthew Barakat

SECTION: Business; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: McLEAN, Virginia

McLEAN, Virginia -- The former top executives at WorldCom Inc. ruled with
unchallenged authority, intimidating anyone who questioned their conduct as the
company veered toward bankruptcy, according to two reports released yesterday.

The outlines of WorldCom's financial wrongdoing have been known for a year, but
yesterday's reports, totalling more than 500 pages, offered some of the most
explicit details yet about the scandal.

In one incident cited by investigators, accounting executive Buford Yates told
an underling who questioned the company's books: "Show those numbers to the damn
auditors and I'll throw you out the (expletive) window."

WorldCom's $11-billion U.S. accounting scandal led to the largest bankruptcy
filing in U.S. history last July.

Portions of one of the reports emerged last week, revealing that former chairman
Bernard Ebbers had been in meetings in which company officials discussed ways to
artificially inflate revenue.

The report, produced by lawyer William McLucas at the request of the company's
new board, faulted Mr. Ebbers for fostering a poisonous corporate culture and
said he was "aware, at a minimum, that WorldCom was meeting revenue expectations
through financial gimmickry."

The McLucas report offered searing accounts about how ex-chief financial officer
Scott Sullivan and other key finance executives cooked WorldCom's books to hide
that the real numbers were falling short of Wall Street's expectations.

A voicemail Mr. Sullivan left for Mr. Ebbers on June 19, 2001, more than a year
before WorldCom acknowledged its accounting fraud, described monthly revenue
reports as "getting worse and worse. ... (T)he latest copy that you and I have
already has accounting fluff in it ... all one-time stuff or junk."

A second report released yesterday, prepared by former Attorney General Richard
Thornburgh for a bankruptcy judge in New York, describes a corporate culture
dominated by Mr. Ebbers and Mr. Sullivan, "with virtually no checks or
restraints placed on their actions by the board of directors or other
management."

The authors of both reports indicated they were hampered by their inability to
question Mr. Ebbers and Mr. Sullivan. Sullivan has been charged with fraud in
federal court; Mr. Ebbers has not been charged.

Mr. Sullivan, who has denied wrongdoing, is free on $10-million bail while he
awaits trial next year. Mr. Yates and three other ex-WorldCom executives have
pleaded guilty and are helping federal prosecutors.

WorldCom hopes to emerge from Chapter 11 protection this fall, renamed MCI and
headquartered in Ashburn, Virginia.

Its ability to exit bankruptcy largely hinges on acceptance of a proposed
$500-million fine negotiated with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Associated Press; The authors of both reports released
yesterday say they were hampered by not being able to interview ex-WorldCom
chairman Bernard Ebbers.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 31, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. to Investigate Red Cross Over Accusations of Wrongdoing

BYLINE: By ADAM NOSSITER

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, March 30


The F.B.I. office here will look into possible improprieties in the distribution
of millions of dollars' worth of Red Cross relief supplies, the bureau's New
Orleans chief said Thursday.

The Red Cross has already dismissed three volunteers in connection with the
accusations, which center on charges that supplies were improperly diverted,
felons were hired in the relief effort, and the organization's rules were not
followed.

''We are going to launch a probe to surface the facts,'' said Jim Bernazzani,
the special agent in charge in New Orleans for the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. Mr. Bernazzani said the case would be investigated by the Katrina
Fraud Task Force, a consolidated group of local, state and federal law
enforcement agencies charged with looking into abuses in the continuing relief
effort.

In a statement, John F. McGuire, the interim president and chief executive of
the Red Cross, pledged to prosecute any ''wrongdoers.''

Accusations of wrongdoing were made by other Red Cross volunteers disturbed by
what appeared to be misuse of agency supplies. Mr. McGuire, in his statement,
urged any volunteers ''who may have information'' to come forward. He said that
about $2 million in emergency financial assistance that was fraudulently
obtained or mistakenly distributed had already been returned to the Red Cross.

Several Red Cross workers who first raised the issue of possible wrongdoing in
the New Orleans operation said they were not only initially ignored, but also
barred from further relief work. One accusation is that many more meals were
ordered for a particular New Orleans neighborhood, Bywater, than were actually
needed.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                  CITY EDITION

AREACOLLEGES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN


Men's basketball

*  Lynx reinstate Hill

Bobby Hill will be allowed to play the final game and participate in any
postseason action for the Lincoln College men's basketball team.

Hill has sat out two games due to allegations he accepted improper benefits
during his high school career from then-St. Louis Vashon coach Floyd Irons.
Irons allegedly rented an apartment and paid other expenses for Hill and his
brother, Johnny, who also played at Vashon. The Hills moved to St. Louis from
Alton.

Lincoln College coach, B.J. McCullum said he feels the decision reflects the
best interest for everyone involved.

"We are excited to have Bobby return to where he belongs; with the team, on the
court," McCullum said. "He has served, in essence, a two-game suspension while
we looked into this matter and since we believe him to have done nothing wrong,
it is important for us to allow him to return to the court before he has been
further damaged by this situation."

McCullum also added after interviewing Hill he found no evidence of Hill having
any knowledge of wrongdoing.

"Further punishment would be an injustice to Bobby Hill's future," said
McCullum.

Lincoln College president John Hutchinson said he is confident that Lincoln
College is doing the right thing.

"I have personally interviewed Bobby Hill and it is my opinion that he is
innocent of any wrongdoing, if indeed any impropriety occurred at all,"
Hutchinson said. "Further, I do not believe Lincoln College has violated any
NJCAA rules and the association has made no ruling in this case.

"It is upon these conclusions that we have elected to allow Mr. Hill to play for
the balance of the season."

Lincoln College will play Lewis and Clark for its final regular-season game
today at 3 p.m.

*  Eagles to play for fifth

BROKEN ARROW, Okla. - Third-seeded Robert Morris College opened its
consolation-round game Friday morning with a 16-0 run in the first 5 minutes and
eliminated seventh-seeded Rhema Bible 86-63.

The Eagles advance to face fourth-seeded Southern Virginia at 11 a.m. today for
fifth place.

Tyler Moretto paced three in double figures for Robert Morris with 25 points.
Cameron Jones added 22 and Corley Lee scored 21 with eight rebounds.  Joe Pratt
scored a game-high 26 points for Rhema, while Gabe White added 21.

Robert Morris shot 63.2 percent from the floor (36 of 57) and raced out to a
45-24 halftime lead  thanks to 18-for-26 shooting. Rhema Bible shot just 27.5
percent from the floor in the first half.

Women's basketball

*  Fleetwood paces Eagles

BROKEN ARROW, Okla. - Katie Fleetwood scored 17 points and grabbed 17 rebounds
and Lindsey Rogers added 17 points and four steals Friday morning as
seventh-seeded Robert Morris College beat third-seeded Penn State-Beaver 73-66
in the USCAA Women's Championships.

The Eagles face the winner of the Bennett vs. Briarcliffe game today at 9 a.m.
for fifth place.

Penn State-Beaver held a 65-60 lead with 3:05 left on a pair of Jasmine Green
free throws.  From then Robert Morris-Springfield outscored them 13-1 to take
the victory.

KeAmber Vaughn joined Fleetwood and Roger in double figures with 11 points.
Penn State-Beaver was paced by Heather Sandusky with 17 points, Green with 14
and Tasia McCargo with 13.

*  UIS loses at conference tourney

ST. LOUIS - The University of Illinois at Springfield shot just 26.8 percent
from the field and lost to Missouri Baptist 74-53 Friday in the quarterfinals of
the American Midwest Conference tournament.

The Prairie Stars hit 11-of-41 shots, including 1-of-16 from 3-point range.

Cherena Douglass had 10 points and eight rebounds for UIS, which ended the
season 12-20.

Nikia Henry had 25 points for Missouri Baptist.

Baseball

*  Robert Morris games moved

Robert Morris College's doubleheader today against Westminster College has been
moved from Chamberlain Park to Fulton, Mo.

The first game is scheduled to start at noon.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 11, 1993, Saturday

Georgia investors queried on Prudential partnerships

BYLINE: By Susan Harte STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section D; Page 13

LENGTH: 422 words


The Georgia secretary of state has sent a letter and questionnaire to 600 state
residents who invested in certain limited partnerships sold by Prudential
Securities during the 1980s. The transactions have since spawned huge lawsuits
from investors who claim they were misled into some of the partnerships.

Investors allege they were told returns on the limited partnerships could reach
20 percent, and that they weren't adequately warned of the risk involved.

According to published reports, 360,000 people nationwide - including retirees
and small investors - put up to $ 6 billion in 650 limited partnerships, such as
real estate and aircraft sale-leasebacks. In one case, 137,000 people bought $
1.45 billion in Louisiana oil and gas leases that have resulted in hundreds of
millions of dollars in losses.

The Securities and Exchange Commission and a 25-state task force are
investigating why so many people lost money.

Prudential Securities, a subsidiary of Prudential Insurance Co. of America, has
disputed that it misled investors.

However, according to company memos published last month in The Wall Street
Journal, Prudential Securities urged its brokers to emphasize safety and
security and to target investors who would normally seek those reassurances.

Other news reports have pointed out that the partnerships were high- risk,
high-commission vehicles, often sold to the unwary: One plaintiff is a group of
Miamians suing because a Prudential broker sold the partnerships to people he
was teaching in an evening investment course sponsored by the Dade County
schools.

Georgians randomly selected

Georgians who received the letter and questionnaire this week were randomly
selected from a list of thousands supplied by the North American Securities
Administrators Association. This Washington-based group of state regulators is
coordinating the investigation for the SEC and the 25- state task force.

In the letter, Georgia investors were told their questionnaires will be
processed by the National White Collar Crime Center in Richmond, Va.

According to NASAA member Wayne Klein, Idaho's securities bureau chief, the
results will provide a unified picture of investors' experience.

It could take months to years to put the entire issue to rest, he said.

The SEC will deal with any federal violations, states with their individual
laws. Other actions might include getting people's money back, punishing
Prudential and trying to prevent recurrences, he said.

The SEC could not be reached for comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932570096

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday

St. Louis-based law firm Bryan Cave uses 'unclean hands' defense

BYLINE: Christine Simmons

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 535  words


Bryan Cave is asking a federal bankruptcy court to dismiss two malpractice suits
against the firm, claiming the bankruptcy trustees who filed the suits can't
come to court "with clean hands" because their debtors took part in the
wrongdoing.

The St. Louis-based firm and firm lawyer Katherine Windler say their defense of
"unclean hands" and the related doctrine of in pari delicto prevents a party,
including through a trustee, from suing others for a wrongdoing in which the
party participated.

The firm's motions to dismiss were filed late Monday, about a month after
bankruptcy trustees for mortgage loan broker Estate Financial Inc. and its
fundraising company Estate Financial Mortgage Fund filed lawsuits against Bryan
Cave and Windler in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California.

The trustees claimed the firm and Windler advised company leaders to operate in
violation of state and federal laws.

The firm and Windler represented the companies led by officers and directors
Karen Guth and Joshua Yaguda, who pleaded guilty to multiple counts of fraud in
October 2009.

One of the malpractice suits alleges the Bryan Cave and Windler's advice led
some 1,500 investors to suffer losses topping $100 million.

Bryan Cave, in its motion to dismiss the suits, says that among the 26 felony
counts that the company leaders pleaded guilty to, 19 pertain to conduct that
began before Bryan Cave's representation.

"The EFI complaint is replete with allegations that EFI was knowingly engaged in
unlawful and fraudulent conduct long before it engaged Bryan Cave to represent
it," the firm's motion in the EFI suit says.

"Because the EFI trustee also has alleged that Guth and Yaguda (and thus EFI)
knew their 'willful' conduct was wrongful (and knew it years before Bryan Cave
was retained), the EFI trustee cannot argue that it comes to the court with
clean hands," the Bryan Cave motion says.

The lawyers for the bankruptcy trustees suing Bryan Cave say they weren't
surprised by the in pari delicto defense. John Reitman, representing trustee
Bradley Sharp, said he believed the firm would use that defense "long before"
they filed their suit.

"If I thought it applied here, we wouldn't have filed the complaint," he said.

Larry Gabriel, the lawyer for the other trustee, Thomas Jeremiassen, noted that
the in pari delicto defense is fact specific and the facts in the Bryan Cave
malpractice suits are "distinguishable from the authorities they cite. "

The trustees plan to file oppositions to the firm's motions to dismiss, their
attorney say.

Bryan Cave claims EFI's leaders didn't require expert legal counsel to know that
lying to investors was wrong.

"They did it anyway because it was the only way for them to get more funds,
which they needed to continue operating EFI," says the firm in its motion to
dismiss.

EFI was in the business of funding, servicing and managing real estate
construction loans, according to one of the complaints. EFI funded its loans
from money obtained from individual investors or from EFMF.

Among other allegations, the EFI suit says the firm failed to advise EFI to stop
soliciting investors using materials that contained false and misleading
statements and factual omissions.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Top state court slams drive for TABOR petition as fraud

BYLINE: Michael McNutt, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 495 words


The "mass involvement" of people from out of state to get signatures on a
taxpayer bill of rights proposal resulted in illegal activities, according to an
opinion Tuesday by the Oklahoma Supreme Court.

Hiring at least 60 out-of-state petition circulators established "a pervasive
pattern of wrongdoing and fraud" by National Voter Outreach, according to the
opinion written by Chief Justice Joseph Watt.

The proposal to limit state government, commonly called TABOR for taxpayer bill
of rights, was backed by Oklahomans in Action, headed by Rick Carpenter, a
political consultant from Tulsa.

Carpenter's group hired National Voter Outreach to handle the drive to get
signatures.

Susan Johnson, president of National Voter Outreach, denied any wrongdoing.

She said she followed Oklahoma law and checked with Oklahoma state officials on
residency requirements for circulators.

She said she was told residents were defined as anyone coming into the state,
even if it meant only for the duration of the petition drive.

'Honest intent'

The high court's opinion states that to circulate petitions, a person must be a
resident who has an "honest intent to make a place one's residence or domicile."

Johnson said her organization, based in Ludington, Mich., will follow the high
court's definition.

"You can be sure NVO operates in the open and in integrity," she said. "These
actions are considered 'illegal' in hindsight. Not even public officials
understood the law as now defined by the court.

"With this now clear understanding of the rules, NVO will no longer bring in any
outside petitioners, but will follow the law as finally defined by the court,"
Johnson said.

The petition, which had 299,029 signatures, needed 219,564 to be put on last
month's general election ballot

. But problems were found with about 80,000 signatures - 57,850 of which were
collected by out-of-state circulators, according to the 30-page opinion. As a
result, the petition effort failed by at least 638 signatures.

"Nothing less than the strong sanction of voiding the entire petition will serve
to deter similar activity in the future and to protect the precious right of the
initiative to Oklahoma voters," Watt wrote.

TABOR legislation vowed

The state Supreme Court threw out the TABOR issue Aug. 31, beating the deadline
for the state Election Board to know what issues could be on the Nov. 7 general
election ballot.

The proposal would limit future government spending based on a formula of
inflation increases and population growth.

State Sen. Randy Brogdon, R-Owasso, who is filing TABOR legislation in the
upcoming session, said he was disappointed by the court's opinion.

"Our state constitution says very simply that if you're going to gather
petitions for signatures you have to be a resident of the state of Oklahoma,
period," he said. "It doesn't say you have to live here six months. If that is
their case, I am absolutely stunned."

Michael McNutt:  475-3305,  mmcnutt@oklahoman.com



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 21, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

STATUS REPORT

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 468 words


STATUS REPORT

Dem says ethics case unlikely to harm AG nominee Suthers

The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee said revelations that John
Suthers, Gov. Bill Owens' pick for state attorney general, was the subject of an
ethics probe won't jeopardize his confirmation.

Suthers was the subject of a U.S. Department of Justice investigation when he
served as U.S. attorney in Colorado. He said he told Democratic Sen. Dan
Grossman, the Senate Judiciary chair, that the probe found no wrongdoing.

"From everything that I know as of this date, it doesn't seem like it's that big
of a deal," Grossman said.

A Suthers spokesman said Thursday that the inquiry was limited to speeches he
gave in support of the USA Patriot Act and also his attendance at political
events at which he played no official role.

Although he had to sign a confidentiality agreement to see the report, Suthers
denies wrongdoing and will tell the Senate committee everything he can,
spokesman Jan Zavislan said.

The complaint was made anonymously, said Dan Hopkins, Owens' spokesman. Suthers
disclosed the inquiry to Owens, and the governor still supports the interim
attorney general, Hopkins said.

"It was an anonymous complaint, and the outcome of the investigation is that
there was no basis for the allegation," Hopkins said. "Anonymous tips often wind
up without any basis in fact, and that's what happened in this case."

Vote postponed on limiting

passengers with teen drivers

Colorado lawmakers on Thursday postponed a vote on a bill that would ban
teenagers with new driver's licenses from driving with passengers under 21.

The Senate Transportation Committee delayed the vote for a week to draft
language that would allow a teenage driver to have passengers during curfew
hours between midnight and 5 a.m. in some emergency circumstances.

Law-enforcement officials testified in favor of the bill that would ban new
teenage drivers from having passengers under 21 for the first six months they
have a license.

Two bills would limit amount of gifts accepted by officials

Two state legislators are trying to change a law that allowed Gov. Bill Owens to
accept gifts and money for speeches that nearly doubled his salary and another
that allows lawmakers to accept unlimited cash gifts.

Their plans ran into opposition Thursday from colleagues who feared they would
lose their free tickets to Nuggets basketball and Avalanche hockey games, and
from the governor, who indicated through a spokesman that lawmakers should
disclose outside sources of income.

Sen. Ron Tupa, D-Boulder, is sponsoring Senate Bill 40, which would set a cap of
$400 on a law that currently allows lawmakers to accept unlimited cash gifts.
Rep. Mike Merrifield, D-Manitou Springs, introduced House Bill 1176, which would
limit the amount of gifts that lawmakers could accept.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Port Authority Fined Over Efforts to Finance Bridge Repair

BYLINE: By PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 698 words


The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey violated federal securities laws
when it borrowed money to repair a bridge and roads in New Jersey that its
lawyers thought were beyond its bounds, securities regulators said on Tuesday.

The agency, which operates bridges, tunnels and airports in and around New York
City, agreed to pay a $400,000 fine in a settlement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The commission, which polices sales of stocks and bonds,
said the Port Authority had admitted to wrongdoing in the matter, making it the
first issuer of municipal bonds to do so.

But John J. Degnan, the chairman of the Port Authority, said the agency had not
admitted to willful wrongdoing, only to negligence in its failure to disclose
all of the risks faced by buyers of its bonds. ''I was shocked when I saw the
release,'' Mr. Degnan said, referring to the commission's announcement of the
settlement.

A lawyer representing the Port Authority, James Sottile, sent a letter to the
commission demanding a retraction of its news release.

Mr. Degnan also questioned the timing of the announcement, which came just as
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was delivering his State of the State address
in Trenton. For Mr. Christie, it was another case of intrigue involving a bridge
that could tarnish his legacy.

A spokesman for the governor referred a request for comment to the Port
Authority.

The federal investigation stemmed from Mr. Christie's decision in 2010 to halt
the construction of a commuter train link across the Hudson River to New York
City, a project that was known as the ARC tunnel. Mr. Christie wanted $1.8
billion of Port Authority funds redirected from the canceled tunnel to repairs
on the state-owned Pulaski Skyway bridge and other road projects in northern New
Jersey.

But Port Authority lawyers were leery of that proposed shift, saying the
alternative projects did not fall within the agency's purview. An internal Port
Authority memo at the time said, ''There is no clear path to legislative
authority to undertake such projects.''

One big problem was that the projects involved roadways that carry vehicles to
and from the Holland Tunnel, which connects New Jersey to Lower Manhattan. The
Port Authority operates the tunnel, but according to one of its internal memos,
there was no law that allowed it to ''construct, own, maintain or operate any of
the approaches to the Holland Tunnel.''

However, it was permitted to work on roads leading to the Lincoln Tunnel, which
connects New Jersey to Midtown Manhattan and which the agency also operates.

So, before the Port Authority's commissioners voted in March 2011 to authorize
the road projects, the agency adopted the view that the roads in question also
led to the Lincoln Tunnel. An internal memo proposed a ''traffic study'' to
bolster that position.

That was more than two years before allies of Mr. Christie at the Port Authority
told tales of another traffic study. That study was the purported reason for the
September 2013 closing of lanes of traffic that led to tollbooths at the George
Washington Bridge.

The lane closings, which came to be known as Bridgegate, resulted in the
convictions last year of Bill Baroni, who was Mr. Christie's top executive
appointee at the Port Authority, and Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief
of staff to the governor. Another of Mr. Christie's allies at the Port
Authority, David Wildstein, pleaded guilty over his central role in the
closings.

Neither the commissioners of the Port Authority nor investors were ever informed
of the internal debate over the legality of using Port Authority money for the
road projects, the securities commission said. From 2012 to 2014, the Port
Authority raised $116 million through bond sales whose proceeds were intended
for the road projects, the commission added.

''The Port Authority represented to investors that it was authorized to issue
bonds while not disclosing significant known risks that its actions were not
legally permitted,'' said Andrew M. Calamari, director of the commission's New
York office.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/10/nyregion/port-authority-will-pay-400000-to-set
tle-federal-securities-charges.html

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Port Authority Will Pay $400,000 to Settle Federal Securities Charges

BYLINE: By PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 683 words


The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey violated federal securities laws
when it borrowed money to repair a bridge and roads in New Jersey that its
lawyers thought were beyond its bounds, securities regulators said on Tuesday.

The agency, which operates bridges, tunnels and airports in and around New York
City, agreed to pay a $400,000 fine in a settlement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The commission, which polices sales of stocks and bonds,
said the Port Authority had admitted to wrongdoing in the matter, making it the
first issuer of municipal bonds to do so.

But John J. Degnan, the chairman of the Port Authority, said the agency had not
admitted to willful wrongdoing, only to negligence in its failure to disclose
all of the risks faced by buyers of its bonds. ''I was shocked when I saw the
release,'' Mr. Degnan said, referring to the commission's announcement of the
settlement.

A lawyer representing the Port Authority, James Sottile, sent a letter to the
commission demanding a retraction of its news release.

Mr. Degnan also questioned the timing of the announcement, which came just as
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was delivering his State of the State address
in Trenton. For Mr. Christie, it was another case of intrigue involving a bridge
that could tarnish his legacy.

A spokesman for the governor referred a request for comment to the Port
Authority.

The federal investigation stemmed from Mr. Christie's decision in 2010 to halt
the construction of a commuter train link across the Hudson River to New York
City, a project that was known as the ARC tunnel. Mr. Christie wanted $1.8
billion of Port Authority funds redirected from the canceled tunnel to repairs
on the state-owned Pulaski Skyway bridge and other road projects in northern New
Jersey.

But Port Authority lawyers were leery of that proposed shift, saying the
alternative projects did not fall within the agency's purview. An internal Port
Authority memo at the time said, ''There is no clear path to legislative
authority to undertake such projects.''

One big problem was that the projects involved roadways that carry vehicles to
and from the Holland Tunnel, which connects New Jersey to Lower Manhattan. The
Port Authority operates the tunnel, but according to one of its internal memos,
there was no law that allowed it to ''construct, own, maintain or operate any of
the approaches to the Holland Tunnel.''

However, it was permitted to work on roads leading to the Lincoln Tunnel, which
connects New Jersey to Midtown Manhattan and which the agency also operates.

So, before the Port Authority's commissioners voted in March 2011 to authorize
the road projects, the agency adopted the view that the roads in question also
led to the Lincoln Tunnel. An internal memo proposed a ''traffic study'' to
bolster that position.

That was more than two years before allies of Mr. Christie at the Port Authority
told tales of another traffic study. That study was the purported reason for the
September 2013 closing of lanes of traffic that led to tollbooths at the George
Washington Bridge.

The lane closings, which came to be known as Bridgegate, resulted in the
convictions last year of Bill Baroni, who was Mr. Christie's top executive
appointee at the Port Authority, and Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief
of staff to the governor. Another of Mr. Christie's allies at the Port
Authority, David Wildstein, pleaded guilty over his central role in the
closings.

Neither the commissioners of the Port Authority nor investors were ever informed
of the internal debate over the legality of using Port Authority money for the
road projects, the securities commission said. From 2012 to 2014, the Port
Authority raised $116 million through bond sales whose proceeds were intended
for the road projects, the commission added.

''The Port Authority represented to investors that it was authorized to issue
bonds while not disclosing significant known risks that its actions were not
legally permitted,'' said Andrew M. Calamari, director of the commission's New
York office.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/10/nyregion/port-authority-will-pay-400000-to-set
tle-federal-securities-charges.html

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       January 10, 2017 Tuesday 00:00 EST

Port Authority Will Pay $400,000 to Settle Federal Securities Charges

BYLINE: PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: NYREGION

LENGTH: 676 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Securities and Exchange Commission said the agency broke the law
when it borrowed money for projects in New Jersey that its lawyers thought were
beyond its purview.


The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey violated federal securities laws
when it borrowed money to repair a bridge and roads in New Jersey that its
lawyers thought were beyond its bounds, securities regulators said on Tuesday.

The agency, which operates bridges, tunnels and airports in and around New York
City, agreed to pay a $400,000 fine in a settlement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The commission, which polices sales of stocks and bonds,
said the Port Authority had admitted to wrongdoing in the matter, making it the
first issuer of municipal bonds to do so.

But John J. Degnan, the chairman of the Port Authority, said the agency had not
admitted to willful wrongdoing, only to negligence in its failure to disclose
all of the risks faced by buyers of its bonds. "I was shocked when I saw the
release," Mr. Degnan said, referring to the commission's announcement of the
settlement.

A lawyer representing the Port Authority, James Sottile, sent a letter to the
commission demanding a retraction of its news release.

Mr. Degnan also questioned the timing of the announcement, which came just as
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was delivering his State of the State address
in Trenton. For Mr. Christie, it was another case of intrigue involving a bridge
that could tarnish his legacy.

A spokesman for the governor referred a request for comment to the Port
Authority.

The federal investigation stemmed from Mr. Christie's decision in 2010 to halt
the construction of a commuter train link across the Hudson River to New York
City, a project that was known as the ARC tunnel. Mr. Christie wanted $1.8
billion of Port Authority funds redirected from the canceled tunnel to repairs
on the state-owned Pulaski Skyway bridge and other road projects in northern New
Jersey.

But Port Authority lawyers were leery of that proposed shift, saying the
alternative projects did not fall within the agency's purview. An internal Port
Authority memo at the time said, "There is no clear path to legislative
authority to undertake such projects."

One big problem was that the projects involved roadways that carry vehicles to
and from the Holland Tunnel, which connects New Jersey to Lower Manhattan. The
Port Authority operates the tunnel, but according to one of its internal memos,
there was no law that allowed it to "construct, own, maintain or operate any of
the approaches to the Holland Tunnel."

However, it was permitted to work on roads leading to the Lincoln Tunnel, which
connects New Jersey to Midtown Manhattan and which the agency also operates.

So, before the Port Authority's commissioners voted in March 2011 to authorize
the road projects, the agency adopted the view that the roads in question also
led to the Lincoln Tunnel. An internal memo proposed a "traffic study" to
bolster that position.

That was more than two years before allies of Mr. Christie at the Port Authority
told tales of another traffic study. That study was the purported reason for the
September 2013 closing of lanes of traffic that led to tollbooths at the George
Washington Bridge.

The lane closings, which came to be known as Bridgegate, resulted in the
convictions last year of Bill Baroni, who was Mr. Christie's top executive
appointee at the Port Authority, and Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief
of staff to the governor. Another of Mr. Christie's allies at the Port
Authority, David Wildstein, pleaded guilty over his central role in the
closings.

Neither the commissioners of the Port Authority nor investors were ever informed
of the internal debate over the legality of using Port Authority money for the
road projects, the securities commission said. From 2012 to 2014, the Port
Authority raised $116 million through bond sales whose proceeds were intended
for the road projects, the commission added.

"The Port Authority represented to investors that it was authorized to issue
bonds while not disclosing significant known risks that its actions were not
legally permitted," said Andrew M. Calamari, director of the commission's New
York office.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

EX-UM BOOSTER NAMES NAMES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 814 words



HIGHLIGHT: Imprisoned Ponzi schemer: I gave illicit benefits to dozens of
players, including some with bay area ties.


Nevin Shapiro, a former University of Miami booster, told Yahoo Sports he
provided impermissible benefits to 72 Hurricanes football players and other
athletes between 2002 and 2010, starting with former Hillsborough High player
Andrew Williams and including former Plant High quarterback Robert Marve, now at
Purdue.

Shapiro said he offered bounties for hard hits on former Florida quarterback Tim
Tebow and former FSU quarterback Chris Rix, booked hotel rooms for player
parties under the alias "Teddy Dupay'' (a former UF basketball player Shapiro
thought resembled him) and that Bucs tight end Kellen Winslow Jr., who played at
UM from 2001-2003, was among numerous players in his social circle.

Winslow, who is not accused of wrongdoing, could not be reached for comment
Tuesday.

Shapiro, who is serving a 20-year prison sentence for masterminding a $930
million Ponzi scheme, said he gave money, cars, yacht trips, jewelry,
televisions and other gifts to players. He said he paid for nightclub outings,
sex parties, restaurant meals and an abortion for a woman impregnated by a
player not named by Yahoo.

He said at least six coaches and as many as 10 athletic department employees
were aware of the illicit activity, including then-basketball coach Frank Haith,
now at Missouri. The coaches Shapiro named have since left UM. Haith denied
wrongdoing.

Shapiro said Aubrey Hill, UM's receivers coach and recruiting coordinator from
2008-10 who now holds the same position at Florida, knew of or had direct
participation in NCAA rule violations.

UF athletics spokesman Steve McClain told the St. Petersburg Times on Tuesday,
"Coach Hill indicated he was very comfortable with and very confident in how he
conducted himself while at the University of Miami."

Former UM running back Tyrone Moss told Yahoo Sports he accepted $1,000 from
Shapiro around the time he was entering college.

"It was me and a few more of the guys in my incoming class that he kind of
showed some love to," Moss said. "I'm not going to say the names, but you can
probably figure them out yourself."

Said Shapiro, "Hell yeah, I recruited a lot of kids for Miami. With access to
the clubs, access to the strip joints. My house. My boat. We're talking about
high school football players. Not anybody can just get into the clubs or strip
joints. Who is going to pay for it and make it happen? That was me."

Shapiro said his motivation for speaking out is that he is angry with several
players he claims to have helped when they were Hurricanes. He said he feels
abandoned by them since he went to prison.

UM officials are cooperating with NCAA investigators as they look into Shapiro's
allegations.

"Everything started when I gave some Miami Heat basketball tickets to Andrew
Williams," Shapiro told Yahoo Sports. "I had given some guys my business card at
the (2001) awards banquet, including Andrew. We kept in touch after the season
ended, and I ended up giving him the tickets. It was like nothing. I didn't even
think about it."

Williams, a defensive end, denied getting gifts from Shapiro.

"Who, me?" Williams said. "Man, naw."

Shapiro recounted what he said was his inroad to the players: Before the 2002
season, Shapiro said, he bought a television for Williams' apartment. More gifts
followed, and Shapiro was introduced to Williams' roommates, Cornelius Green and
Jerome McDougle. That led to more introductions.

Twelve current players were named by Shapiro as receiving benefits, Yahoo Sports
reported, including quarterback Jacory Harris, Ray Ray Armstrong, Travis
Benjamin, Sean Spence, Marcus Forston, Vaughn Telemaque, Dyron Dye, Aldarius
Johnson and Olivier Vernon. The story cited specifics involving only Armstrong,
Dye and Vernon, alleging they received extra benefits as recruits.

Miami coach Al Golden, who was hired in December, acknowledged Tuesday that some
of his players may have made mistakes.

"We'll stay focused," Golden said. "We're disappointed, but we're not
discouraged. We're talking about allegations from a man that's behind bars now.
If these do hold some truth, then we'll deal with them."

Current players were not made available to comment.

Shapiro's relationship with the program dates back about a decade. Some of the
alleged incidents occurred in the past four years, which would be within the
NCAA's statute of limitations regarding violations. But if the NCAA confirms
Shapiro allegations from further back, it could enact its "willful violations"
exception to its four-year statute of limitations.

Miami officials said that when Shapiro first made his allegations nearly a year
ago, he and his attorneys refused to provide any facts to the school.

Golden said he e-mailed his team "every day this summer" about avoiding problems
that recently hit other schools and his players have a "Cane Code" reminding
them about such issues..

Times staff writer Antonya English contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 23, 2009 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Report Brings New Scrutiny to Bowden;
Federal Investigators Looking Into GM's Role in Latin American Scouting

BYLINE: Chico Harlan; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: VIERA, Fla., Feb. 22


An international scouting coordinator who worked for Jim Bowden for various
periods from 1994 to 2003 connects the current Washington Nationals general
manager to others in baseball already fired for wrongdoing, SI.com reported
Sunday,  citing two unnamed sources.

According to the report, federal investigators are looking into Bowden's
involvement in Latin American scouting going back to 1994. Bowden was general
manager of the Cincinnati Reds from October 1993 until 2003 before taking the
same job in Washington before the 2005 season. The SI.com report said that a
former Cincinnati scouting coordinator, Jorge Oquendo, provides federal
investigators with a link between Bowden and former Chicago White Sox player
personnel director David Wilder. Oquendo worked for Wilder, fired last May, in
2006 and 2007.

Oquendo has never been employed by the Nationals.

Both the FBI and Major League Baseball are currently investigating potentially
illegal scouting practices in Latin America -- particularly the skimming of
signing bonuses. So far, both Bowden and JosÃ© Rijo, owner and operator of
team's scouting academy in the Dominican Republic, have been connected to the
investigation.

This week, the federal case drew new scrutiny when Major League Baseball
confirmed that a Washington prospect signed in 2006, thought to be 16 at the
time, had been using a fake age and identity. The player known as Esmailyn
GonzÃ¡lez turned out to be Carlos David Alvarez Lugo, now 23. Rijo, who took a
leave of absence from the Nationals on Saturday, had scouted GonzÃ¡lez two years
prior to the signing, and brokered the player's $1.4 million bonus by
negotiating with a childhood friend, Basilio Vizcaino.

Bowden and  team president Stan Kasten did not respond to messages last night
seeking comment.

Earlier in the day, Bowden, at Washington's spring training facility, spoke to
the media for the first time since the GonzÃ¡lez fraud became public, but did
not take any questions about the matter. Previously, when speaking about the FBI
investigation, Bowden has denied any wrongdoing.

The characters central to the GonzÃ¡lez signing -- Bowden, Rijo, and JosÃ© Baez,
Washington's director of operations in the Dominican Republic -- all worked for
or with the Reds. From 1999 to  2003, Cincinnati contracted Rijo for use of his
Dominican academy. Baez directed the academy.

Oquendo, meantime, had two separate stints with the Reds, starting in 1994. A
year later, he took a job with the Yankees, but he returned to Cincinnati as the
team's international scouting coordinator in October 1999.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jonathan Newton -- The Washington Post; A former Jim Bowden
colleague links him to others fired for wrongdoing.
IMAGE; By Jonathan Newton -- The Washington Post; Jim Bowden met with reporters
yesterday, but did not take questions about the Esmailyn GonzÃ¡lez matter.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            January 5, 2006 Thursday
                                   AV EDITION

SETTLEMENT REACHED IN SEMPRA SUIT;
$1.88 BILLION DEAL U.S. RECORD

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. AV1

LENGTH: 476 words


A settlement was reached in a class-action suit alleging that Sempra Energy,
Southern California Gas and San Diego Gas & Electric conspired to drive up
natural gas prices, leading to the 2000-01 California energy crisis.

The $1.885 billion agreement, believed to be the largest antitrust class-action
settlement of its kind in California and U.S. history, includes claims filed
against Sempra by the cities of Los Angeles and Long Beach, both of which must
still approve the deal.

San Diego Superior Court Judge Ronald Prager, who has been presiding over the
trial in the case, told jurors Wednesday about the settlement.

In addition to Los Angeles and Long Beach, the settlement agreement includes 13
million to 14 million natural gas and electricity consumers and the state of
Nevada. The deal is subject to approval by the judge and the Nevada District
Court for Clark County.

Under the terms of the settlement, San Diego-based Sempra Energy and its two
Southern California utilities denied any wrongdoing.

The judge will oversee the approval process for the settlement agreement and
expected distribution of the proceeds.

On Oct. 30, Sempra - while denying any wrongdoing - settled with other
plaintiffs, including Los Angeles County, Burbank, Culver City, Glendale,
Upland, Vernon, San Bernardino County, Edgington Oil Co., Imperial Irrigation
District, Worl Oil Corp., Demenno-Kerdoon and Lunday-Thaggard Co.

Trial in the case began Oct. 26.

``This agreement will put the major pieces of energy-crisis litigation behind
us,'' said Stephen L. Baum, chairman of Sempra. ``Above and beyond the costs to
our company, this settlement will provide substantial benefits to millions of
energy consumers in California and Nevada.''

Plaintiffs in the case alleged that senior executives from El Paso Natural Gas
Corp., Southern California Gas and San Diego Gas & Electric secretly agreed in
1996 to stop competing for natural gas, ultimately causing the energy crisis.

Houston-based El Paso, the largest natural gas pipeline company in the country,
settled for $1.69 billion in December 2003.

The lead attorney for the plaintiffs, Pierce O'Donnell, commended Sempra for
resolving the matter to the benefit of California consumers.

``We're pleased that the five-year battle is over,'' O'Donnell told reporters
after the settlement was announced.

Sempra Energy said the settlement calls for paying $377 million over eight years
to representatives of natural gas and electric utility ratepayers in California,
the cities of Los Angeles and Long Beach and the attorney general of the state
of Nevada.

Sempra also agreed to reduce by $300 million over six years the rates paid under
a state power contract signed after the energy crisis, and promised to cut the
price of gas provided to SoCal Gas and SDG&E from a liquefied natural gas
terminal under construction in Baja California.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Also ran in SAC edition, p. 4 Shorter version ran in Valley edition, p.
6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday

United States: Marks & Sokolov Assists Client in Alleging LUKoil Involvement in
Cash Smuggling Scheme

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, March 20 -- Bruce Marks, ADC filed amended claims against LUKoil
alleging a series of wrongdoings, according to a press release issued here.
Claims include allegations of racketeering, fraud, unjust enrichment, and civil
conspiracy. Archangel Diamond Corporation has pursued these claims in an effort
to buttress its case that the Colorado court has jurisdiction over LUKoil to try
a related 11-year old diamond mine case.Intimately familiar with Russian
business by maintaining a Russian law office in Moscow, Marks & Sokolov has
worked with ADC to allege that LUKoil used Colorado, local companies, and at
least a dozen de facto Colorado employees to smuggle large sums of cash into
Russia.

The court filing alleges that from March 1999 until now LUKoil has used a
Colorado front company as "the fulcrum of illegal cash smuggling schemes in
which the LUKoil Colorado employees carried cash from Colorado to Russia, in
amounts averaging $40,000 per month, totaling over $6 million."Marks and Sokolov
states that the new court filing alleges LUKoil engaged in this wrongdoing as
part of the alleged scheme to take the mining license for the Grib diamond pipe
in Arkhangelsk away from ADC, and vest it in another company
Arkhangelskgeoldobycha (AGD).As a US-Russian law firm focused on business
between the two counties, Marks and Sokolov sees that the new evidence
strengthening the case against LUKoil may be an effective strategy in obtaining
compensation for the lost diamond mining rights from the Russians. The award
could reach into the billions of dollars. A parallel legal proceeding in
Stockholm, before the Stockholm international arbitration tribunal, was wound up
in October, 2009.About Marks & Sokolov:Marks & Sokolov is an international law
firm with offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Moscow, Russia, and Kyiv,
Ukraine. Under the direction of Bruce Marks, the Managing Director, the firm
provides a full range of international litigation and arbitration services to
Russian and Ukrainian businesses and individuals in the United States and
international clients throughout the world. Marks, Sokolov & Burd is known for
its extensive experience in handling transactions for Western clients doing
business in Russia and Ukraine and Russian/Ukrainian clients doing business
internationally. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 22, 1994, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 15B

LENGTH: 587 words


Wrong Is Wrong

The Jan. 15 editorial, "Mr. Clinton Gives In," points out once again how
politics creates strange bedfellows.

On one hand, we have Sen. Bob Dole who now sounds as if he has got religion and
discovered the need for an independent counsel, which he voted against just a
few months ago.

On the other hand is Attorney General Janet Reno, who has always said that
investigations of alleged Justice Department wrongdoings against Inslaw did not
require an independent counsel.

Suddenly, last week, she stated that there was no way that she could win if she
named a special investigator to look into Whitewater.

She said such a special investigator would report to her, and any findings would
always be suspect, and that an independent counsel statute and appointee were
needed.

Perhaps the best explanation for their new positions are that both individuals
have had a conversion and have shown the great courage that it takes for a
public official to alter his or her position - at least that's what I hope
caused the change!  James B. Nash Jr.  Webster Groves

In response to the Jan. 15 editorial, "Mr. Clinton Gives In," one can only
speculate as to what goes on in the minds of the certifiable editorial idiots
who write for the Post-Dispatch.

The statement that "if Mr. Clinton was guilty of any wrongdoing, it occurred
while he was governor," makes me wonder what that has to do with the problem.
Wrongdoing is wrongdoing, no matter when it happened.

It certainly didn't keep the Post-Dispatch from doing its best to drive Spiro
Agnew from office for what he did as governor. Apparently, how the Post-Dispatch
treats people depends on whom the Post-Dispatch likes or dislikes. One could
hope for equal and fair treatment from the Post-Dispatch pens.

We should live so long.  Alfred R. Buerke St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Op-ed: Planned Parenthood shooter shows that politicians should choose words
carefully

BYLINE: By Lauren Howells

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 633 words


"Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them
and be influenced by them for good or ill." ccc Buddha

Put simply, words matter.

Whether you are trying to help your child navigate growing up, or convince a
family member that you are right, how we communicate to each other shapes the
world around us. Unfortunately, words can also hurt us and shake our confidence.
And in extreme cases ccc like the recent tragedy in Colorado ccc words can also
move people to violence.

The attack at Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs left three people dead ccc
a police officer, an Iraq war veteran and a mother of two. Moments after the
attack, the shooter, Robert Lewis Dear Jr., uttered "no more baby parts," a line
that dominated media discussions for months. Later Dear affirmed his motives,
shouting in court, "I'm guilty. There's no trial. I'm a warrior for the babies."

Dear's actions are in part the result of a smear campaign against Planned
Parenthood waged by the anti-abortion group the Center for Medical Progress
(CMP). Despite the highly edited content of videos released by CMP, and the fact
that Planned Parenthood was cleared of any wrongdoing by every state that
investigated it, politicians, including Utah's own Gov. Gary Herbert, acted
based on accusations rather than investigating the validity of CMP's propaganda
videos. Acting on his own personal and political agenda, Herbert has attempted
to cut funds to Planned Parenthood without any showing of wrongdoing on Planned
Parenthood's part.

Conservative lawmakers launched a crusade to defund Planned Parenthood. They
held multiple hearings, turning the whole affair into a series of sound bites
about "baby parts" to help politicians increase their conservative bona fides.
Planned Parenthood Federation of America's president, Cecile Richards, was even
forced to testify in front of the House of Representatives in a sham hearing
that had nothing to do with enforcing the law, but was a politically motivated
witch hunt.

Utah Rep. Mia Love has been especially outspoken in the media about her
ideological stance toward Planned Parenthood. Love certainly didn't hold back
her inflammatory rhetoric when she asked in a nationally broadcast interview,
"Have we become so desensitized that we can laugh about killing babies,
harvesting body parts to sell like commodities on the street?" Nor did she show
concern for the violence her words may incite ccc "The fact that they are
actually taking brain tissue from live babies, I mean, these are American
babies." It is unclear why Love felt it necessary to refer to "American" babies
if not to incite further emotional reaction while riding the current wave of
anti-immigrant rhetoric.

The culture of violence against Planned Parenthood ccc an organization that
provides safe, legal medical procedures and services (abortion was 1 percent of
all services provided last year) ccc has become so extreme that anti-abortion
activists applauded Dear's actions on social media while the attacks were still
underway. Comments ranged from calling the shooter a "brave hero," to saying any
woman who was there for an abortion that day and who was killed "deserved it."

Public officials need to be accountable for their choice of words and must know
that violent rhetoric can lead to violent acts. When we dehumanize people ccc
when we paint them as monsters ccc we make it easier for others to do them harm.
Our elected leaders should think twice before infusing violent language into
speeches and ads, particularly in situations when their audiences are already
prone to hostility. Elected officials must send a clear message to all Utahns
that words influence, for good and ill. Words matter.

Lauren Howells is the Policy and Advocacy Director for the Alliance for Better
Utah.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 18, 2012 Saturday

6 of 10 on ethics panel drop out of Waters case

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 764 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- In an extraordinary development, six of the House Ethics
Committee's 10 members Friday dropped out of the investigation of longtime
Democratic lawmaker Maxine Waters of California, saying they wanted to ensure
there was no bias in the case.

The recusal came in one of the committee's most troubled cases, after past
allegations of bias by Republican members forced the panel to hire an outside
lawyer last July to investigate the committee and its handling of the Waters
case.

The committee's Republican chairman, Rep. Jo Bonner of Alabama, said the outside
attorney, Billy Martin, requested the recusals. But Bonner said the recusals
"are not based on any indication of any wrongdoing or inappropriate partisanship
by the members."

Waters, a high-ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, was accused
by the panel of trying to use her influence to obtain federal aid for a
minority-owned bank where her husband is an investor.

During an investigation that has gone on for more than two years, Waters, one of
the longest-serving African-American lawmakers, has consistently denied
wrongdoing, saying her efforts were focused on helping a number of
minority-owned banks that were in financial trouble.

In addition to the five Republicans on the committee, its senior Democrat, Rep.
Linda Sanchez of California, also dropped out of the case -- even though she was
not a committee member when the allegations of bias surfaced. In fact, all five
of the Democrats on the committee in 2010 quit the panel when Congress convened
in January last year, saying new members were needed to take a fresh look at the
Waters case. However, all five Republicans decided to stay on.

The five Republicans dropping out of the case were Bonner and Reps. Michael
McCaul of Texas, K. Michael Conaway of Texas, Charles Dent of Pennsylvania and
Gregg Harper of Mississippi. Replacements have already been named to allow the
Waters case to continue.

--He has not discovered any evidence to indicate bias or partiality in the
investigation.

--He has not discovered evidence that should cause a mandatory removal of anyone
from the case.

--There is no conflict that would require disqualification of any current member
or staff of the committee.

The six members, Bonner said, "believe that, out of an abundance of caution and
to avoid even an appearance of unfairness, their voluntary recusal will
eliminate the possibility of questions being raised as to the partiality or bias
of committee members considering this matter." He said the investigation is
continuing "in a fair and unbiased matter."

Replacement members are Republican Reps. Bob Goodlatte of Virginia, Steven
Latourette of Ohio, Mike Simpson of Idaho, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia
and Tim Griffin of Arkansas and Democratic Rep. John Sarbanes of Maryland.

In August 2010, the committee charged the 11-term congresswoman with three
counts of alleged ethics violations. Waters asked for a proceeding that would
amount to an ethics trial, but it never took place after internal committee
turmoil erupted over the case.

The investigation revolved around whether Waters helped OneUnited Bank obtain
federal bailout funds in late 2008. Her husband, Sidney Williams, served as a
member of OneUnited's board of directors from January 2004 until April 2008 and
is a shareholder in the bank.

Waters asked the Treasury Department to meet representatives from the National
Bankers Association, a trade group representing minority-owned and women-owned
banks including OneUnited. The discussion focused on OneUnited, the committee
said.

Waters contended that the National Bankers Association requested the meeting and
insisted it was held on behalf of the association, not OneUnited. OneUnited
eventually received $12 million in bailout money, but federal officials have
said Waters was not involved in the decision.

The trial was postponed indefinitely after internal committee memos surfaced
that showed the two staff attorneys working on the case were communicating
solely with Republican members of the committee. The Democratic chairman at the
time, Rep. Zoe Lofgren of California, dismissed the lawyers, angering
Republicans who said they did nothing wrong.

When the outside counsel was hired last July, the committee said, "Serious
allegations have been made about the committee's own conduct in this matter by
Representative Waters and others. The committee has not taken these allegations
lightly. The entire membership of the Committee on Ethics believes that its work
must always comport with the highest standards of integrity."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

Rodriguez files lawsuit over 2014 season ban

LENGTH: 595  words


Embattled New York Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez filed a lawsuit against
Major League Baseball and its players  union Monday in a bid to overturn a
162-game doping ban.

Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees works out on the field before the game
against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park  on September 27, 2013 in
Houston, Texas

The 42-page filing in US District Court in Manhattan claims arbitrator Fredric
Horowitz showed partiality in only trimming  what had been a 211-game ban to 162
games plus playoffs, suspending the sport's highest-paid player for the entire
2014  season.

The ban is still the longest doping-related suspension in major league history,
longer than the 12 players who admitted  wrongdoing in the Biogenesis doping
scandal because Major League Baseball said Rodriguez took steps to impede the
investigation into his use of banned substances.

Rodriguez, a three-time American League Most Valuable Player, also says the
Major League Baseball Players Association (MLBPA)  did not fairly represent him
in the arbitration process, which both the union and the league say is the final
word on the  matter based on the union agreement with club owners.

The lawsuit claimed it was harmed by "harassing and unethical investigatory
conduct perpetrated by MLB" during its  investigation and the union did not back
Rodriguez.

"In the face of such overwhelming wrongdoing by MLB and in response to Mr.
Rodriguez's pleas, MLBPA took no action to stem  MLB's rampant misconduct with
respect to the Biogenesis suit," the lawsuit said.

In November, Rodriguez stormed out of an arbitration session, unhappy that Major
League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig did  not have to appear to be
cross-examined over the league's investigation findings and procedures,
including evidence and  testimony from Biogenesis director Anthony Bosch, whose
credibility Rodriguez has challenged and who was also unavailable for
cross-examination by Rodriguez's attorneys in the hearing, a move allowed by
Horowitz over Rodriguez's objections.

Rodriguez's lawsuit claims Selig violated terms of the union deal in his pursuit
of Rodriguez, which "A-Rod" says was aimed  to bring him down to boost the
sport's anti-doping reputation.

The lawsuit describes Horowitz as "somewhere between a casual fan and a junkie
when it comes to baseball" and says the  arbitrator had "personal incentives to
maintain his position as the neutral arbitrator for all MLB/MLBPA arbitrations
by  doing MLB's bidding."

The complaint also noted Major League Baseball fired arbitrator Shyam Das,
Horowitz's predecessor, after he overturned a 50- game suspension for Milwaukee
Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun in 2012.

"Das' firing sent a clear signal to future arbitrators that job security is
contingent upon favorable rulings for MLB," the  lawsuit said.

Rodriguez's lawyers say they were prevented for examining texts purportedly
between Rodriguez and Bosch and accused Horowitz  of leaking confidential
information about the case to media outlets.

Horowitz, in his ruling, said MLB produced "clear and convincing evidence" that
Rodriguez took steroids and human growth  hormones and there was "just cause" to
support the length of the suspension.

"While this length of suspension may be unprecedented for a MLB player, so is
the misconduct he committed," Horowitz wrote.

The filing came less than 24 hours after the chief witness against Rodriguez,
Bosch, was interviewed by CBS News for the  program "60 Minutes." Bosch said
Rodriguez used multiple banned performance-enhancing drugs that Bosch provided
him.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

Gaming board defends slots license process

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 588 words


HARRISBURG -- A member of the state Gaming Control Board on Tuesday questioned
the need for a new grand jury to investigate how the gambling regulators awarded
casino licenses, and two others staunchly defended the licensing process.

First Assistant District Attorney Fran Chardo confirmed that another Dauphin
County grand jury was formed after a grand jury presentment in January that led
to perjury charges against Poconos casino owner Louis DeNaples, a Scranton
businessman.

DeNaples, who maintains his innocence, is accused of lying to the gambling board
about his relationships with two reputed organized crime figures and two other
men targeted by a corruption probe in Philadelphia.

Chardo declined to confirm the subject the grand jury might be considering.

The Tribune-Review has learned the District Attorney's Office was given
wide-ranging information about gambling matters beyond the DeNaples case. The
Morning Call of Allentown, quoting anonymous sources, reported the grand jury
will investigate the process of how the board awarded slot machine licenses.

"I don't know why they are doing this," said gambling board member Kenneth
McCabe, a former FBI special agent in charge of the Pittsburgh office. "I am not
aware of any wrongdoing. ... I question the basis of having a grand jury
investigate at this level."

McCabe said he had no independent confirmation of a grand jury investigation.
There are no allegations of impropriety or wrongdoing by the gambling board.

"We can't confirm or deny an investigation," said Linette Quinn, a spokeswoman
for the state police. The state police worked with the Dauphin County District
Attorney's Office in prosecuting DeNaples.

McCabe said grand juries routinely are renewed.

"What we did was aboveboard," said board member Sanford Rivers of Churchill. "We
followed all the rules and regulations that were established. There were no
shenanigans. I can look you or anyone else in the face and say we did an
honorable job. I stake my reputation on that. There was absolutely, positively,
no favoritism."

"I don't know anything about it," said former gambling board chairman Tad
Decker, a Philadelphia lawyer. "I don't know what it's about." Decker said he
stands behind the process used to select casino owners.

In an e-mail, Chardo said the office "did not impanel the grand jury for a
specific investigation. Whenever required for proper investigation, a matter may
be submitted to the grand jury.

"As any submission would be under seal, I cannot comment on the subject matter
of any such submission. But it is not advisable to speculate that any particular
matter has been submitted. ..."

The seven-member gambling board awarded 11 slots licenses in December 2006. One
license, for slots at a harness racing track, is pending. Two "resort" licenses
could be issued.

After criminal charges were filed against DeNaples, a dispute arose between
Decker and state police Commissioner Jeffrey Miller. Decker accused the state
police of acting illegally by not providing the board transcripts from a federal
wiretap of DeNaples.

Miller said the board knew, or should have known, about a perjury investigation
of DeNaples because the board's investigators referred the matter to the state
police.

McCabe told a Senate committee last month he believes he was "misled" by Miller
and his top deputy.

In a separate matter, the Harrisburg Patriot-News reported Sunday that state
Attorney General Tom Corbett is investigating campaign donations to lawmakers
from gambling interests.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Report: Deputy justified in death

BYLINE: By Jose L. Medina Sun-News reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


LAS CRUCES   The mother of a man shot and killed by a Doña Ana County sheriff's
deputy said she was not satisfied with a report released Thursday that seems to
vindicate the deputy's action.

The report, issued by the New Mexico State Police, said there was no indication
of wrongdoing on the part of Deputy Carlos Montoya, a two-year veteran of the
Sheriff's Department, when he fired his .40-caliber weapon one time through the
windshield of a van driven by Mégan Dylan Causey, 34, striking him in the neck.

Montoya was identified Thursday as the officer involved in the shooting. The
Sheriff's Department said Causey drove his vehicle toward the deputy.

Causey was shot July 2 as he left his parents' home at 5080 Chiricahua Trail in
Doña Ana. His 6-year-old son was in the passenger seat during the shooting but
was not injured.

State police said that although the investigation was continuing, "there is
nothing to indicate criminal wrongdoing" on the part of Montoya or Deputy
Orlando Flores, who also responded to a domestic disturbance call at the home of
Causey's parents.

Flores worked with Las Cruces police for less than one year before joining the
sheriff's department in July 2006.

"They need to reinvestigate because it was not appropriate," said Causey's
mother, Nancy Causey.

"They have poor standards. If it is appropriate for them to shoot someone
without a gun, without a weapon, then they need to make some major, major
changes. Because it won't be just us. This will happen to someone else."

An Albuquerque-based law firm has been hired to represent the family, she said.

Both Montoya and Flores remain on paid administrative leave, a standard
procedure when an officer is involved in a shooting, Sheriff Todd Garrison said.
It is the first time Montoya has been involved in a shooting incident while on
duty.

A final report on the shooting investigation will be presented to District
Attorney Susana Martinez for review. She said there was no time line for when
she would receive the case or when she would rule.

Causey, who moved here from Reno, Nev., less than two months ago to live with
his parents, died as a result of a single gunshot wound to his neck, an autopsy
showed.

State police Lt. Rick Anglada said results of toxicology tests done at autopsy
to determine if drugs or alcohol played a role were not yet complete.

Causey's parents have disputed the deputies' account. They said their son tried
to leave but that his van became stuck on rocks alongside the driveway of the
home, which sits off an unpaved road. The Causeys said the stuck van never
accelerated.

The incident began when the Causeys called 911 because their son had become
physically aggressive and pushed them. Mégan Causey then tried to leave with his
young son.

The Associated Press contributed to this report

Jose Medina can be reached at jmedina@lcsun-news.com

What's next

State police have yet to complete their investigation

When complete, the case will be handed over to Doña Ana County District Attorney
Susana Martinez. She could not say Thursday when that will happen

Martinez will make a determination whether the deputy committed a crime or was
justified in shooting Mégan Dylan Causey

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Westlands fine should stop twin tunnels project

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial

SECTION: MY TOWN; Opinion

LENGTH: 447 words


Give it up, governor.

Gov. Jerry Brown is counting on the Westlands Water District to be one of the
major financial backers of his $15 billion Delta tunnels, easily the largest
public works project in U.S. history.

It's time he dumped the whole notion, given last week's admission by Westlands
general manager that the nation's largest water district got caught cooking the
books with "a little Enron accounting."

The Securities and Exchange Commission was not amused. The SEC leveled a
$125,000 fine on Westlands to settle charges that it misled investors by faking
its financial records in connection with a 2012 bond issue.

It's the largest settlement ever for a case involving a municipal bond agency,
and it raises major questions about Westlands' credibility.

If Westlands General Manager Thomas Birmingham has an ounce of integrity he
would immediately resign. Instead, it appears he will pony up the SEC's separate
$50,000 fine for his role in the wrongdoing and keep his nearly $400,000-a-year
job.

Westlands' penchant for playing fast and loose with investors normally wouldn't
matter all that much to Bay Area residents. But the Santa Clara Valley Water
District will decide sometime within the next year if it wants to jump into bed
with Westlands and Southern California's Metropolitan Water District as major
investors in the twin tunnels project.

This is just one more reason it shouldn't.

The plan is nothing but a massive water grab by desperate Central Valley farmers
and Southern California's thirsty urban dwellars.

The project won't produce a drop of new water for California while ratepayers
will bear the brunt of a $15 billion project with costs that could perhaps
double or triple, given the typical overruns on state projects.

Westlands' settlement with the SEC includes no admission of wrongdoing, but it's
easy to see why it was hit with the big fine. In 2012, Westlands sought a $77
million bond sale. As a part of that transaction, it needed to tell bond buyers
that it would maintain a 1.25 percent debt service ratio cushion, as it had with
previous bond deals.

Except, in 2010, drought conditions made it impossible for Westlands to collect
the revenues needed to do so. The right thing to do would have been to either
admit the shortfall to potential investors, which would have raised borrowing
costs, or raise rates to farmers by 11.6 percent to make up the difference.
Westlands instead took money from accounts dedicated to other commitments to
make it appear that all was well.

The twin-tunnel project was a bad idea from the outset. The latest revelation
should end any thoughts by Gov. Jerry Brown or any local district of going into
business with Westlands.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Jan. 14, 2016, file photo, California Gov. Jerry Brown
speaks at the Association of California Water Agencies conference in Sacramento,
Calif. Brown joined with the governors of 16 other states to announce an
agreement to work together in seeking cleaner energy and transportation and to
build a better electrical grid, Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016. (AP Photo/Rich
Pedroncelli, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

on the beat

BYLINE: MARK BRUNSWICK; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 329 words



HIGHLIGHT: MILITARY AFFAIRS // Report clears 2 facilities at the VA


Two VA Inspector General reports involving complaints about Minnesota facilities
were part of a large number of investigative results recently made public by the
VA.

The state cases involved St. Cloud and Rochester. In one case, a 2011 complaint
about St. Cloud's PTSD program was administratively closed. In the second, a
2013 report found that a complaint about safety and management issues at a
Rochester community clinic were unfounded and any issues had been correctly
addressed.

In both cases, the VA facilities were largely cleared of any wrongdoing, and
that would normally be seen as a good thing.

But both reports weren't released until USA Today reported that the VA's Office
of Inspector General had not made public the findings of as many as 140 health
care probes since 2006.

The VA told the paper the public reports were not released when a potential
lawsuit was pending, when complaints were unfounded or when inspection officials
decided that VA officials had taken care of, or would take care of, the
problems.

Roughly 50 reports dismissed allegations of wrongdoing, but 59 contained
substantiated claims, the paper reported.

The two Minnesota cases illustrate how the Inspector General's office often
operates.

In the St. Cloud case, the office got a complaint from an employee saying she
had been discouraged from providing counseling for veterans with PTSD and
military sexual trauma because they might be used for service-connected
compensation claims. Investigators had trouble interviewing the complainant
because she had filed an Equal Employment Opportunity complaint over her recent
termination. Investigators reviewed medical records independently and found no
evidence to support the claim.

In the Rochester case, a worker alleged large caseloads forced workers to cut
corners and put patient care in jeopardy. But the investigation found no
wrongdoing. It did make recommendations for handling patients with organ
transplants.

Mark Brunswick · 612-673-4434

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 7, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

When it's OK to discriminate

BYLINE: Jeff Riggenbach, Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 346 words


Suppose a public official were to suggest, in light of the fact that most
serious crimes are committed by young men and teenage boys who belong to ethnic
or racial minorities, that we should arrest all black, Hispanic and Asian males
who look like they may be somewhere between ages 16 and 24.

Suppose this official went further and proposed we imprison all these young men
until they're old enough to no longer be so likely to commit serious crimes. All
right-thinking Americans would cry out indignantly against such a policy. They
would have that official's job within days.

But, curiously enough, there are other minorities it's OK to hate, OK to
discriminate against, OK to scapegoat and slander and caricature in the public
prints. Cigarette smokers, for one example, teenagers for another.

There's no taboo whatever concerning the way teens may be treated by our legal
system. Do they constitute a substantial proportion of drunken drivers? Then
take away their driver's licenses, or their drinking privileges. Or make it a
crime for them to leave their homes at all during certain hours, even if they're
on foot. Take these actions against all teens, across the board. Disregard the
unpleasant fact that most of them have committed no crime of any kind for which
they might deserve punishment.

In a free society, each individual is presumed innocent of wrongdoing until and
unless he is proved guilty, and a free society does not condone punishing any
individual who has been proved guilty of nothing.

A free society does not condone imprisoning individual Japanese-Americans
against whom no charges of wrongdoing have been proved, merely because they are
Japanese-Americans. A free society does not condone rounding up individual young
black men against whom no charges of wrongdoing have been proved, merely because
they are young and black. And a free society cannot condone limiting the freedom
of movement or other civil liberties of individual teenagers against whom no
charges of wrongdoing have been proved, merely because they are teenagers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Dahlberg 'befriended presidents, generals'

BYLINE: McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


Kenneth Dahlberg, a minor figure but a crucial linchpin in the Watergate scandal
that brought down the Nixon presidency, has died.

Dahlberg, 94, of Deephaven, Minn., also was a decorated Second World War fighter
pilot who spearheaded numerous well-known business ventures.

He died Tuesday and will be eulogized next week in Edina, Minn.

He will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

As the Midwest finance chairman of president Richard Nixon's 1972 re-election
campaign, Dahlberg was pulled into the Watergate scandal even though he didn't
engage in any wrongdoing.

He became linked to the scandal after a check he delivered to the Nixon campaign
turned up in a Watergate burglar's bank account, tying Nixon to the break-in.

The contribution, which was legal, had come from Dwayne Andreas, a native of
Worthington, Minn., and former chairman of Archer-Daniels-Midland.

Dahlberg was cleared by a grand jury of any wrongdoing, but his role in
Watergate was parlayed into a moment of high drama for the movie that documented
the scandal, "All the President's Men."

In an obituary placed Wednesday in the Minneapolis Star Tribune on behalf of the
family, it notes Dahlberg's extensive accomplishments as a fighter pilot,
prisoner of war, founder of Miracle Ear Hearing Aid. Co., his business
association with Buffalo Wild Wings and other enterprises, and having had
"befriended presidents and generals."

Dahlberg grew up on a 120acre farm near Wilson, Wis.

He graduated from St. Paul Harding High School in 1935.

On June 2, 1944, four days before D-Day, draftee Dahlberg arrived in England to
join the 354th Fighter Group flying P-51 Mustangs to support the invasion.

He was shot down three times behind enemy lines, escaped twice and sat out the
last few months of the war as a POW in Stalag 7-A near Munich.

Inducted into both the Minnesota and Arizona Aviation Halls of Fame, he
continued flying into his 90s.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday

5Th Guilty Plea In Efi Fraud

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

A fifth defendant in the Equipment Finance Inc. case on Monday admitted his role
in the complex loan fraud and in an unrelated bank-fraud case.

John S. Tomberlin, an Alabama businessman, pleaded guilty to four counts of
wrongdoing in the EFI case in Philadelphia federal court.

He admitted committing conspiracy, mail fraud affecting a financial institution,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and money laundering.

Tomberlin, of Andalusia, was among eight defendants indicted in November for
their alleged participation in the EFI fraud.

Tomberlin initially faced 15 counts of wrongdoing in the fraud, uncovered in
spring 2007.

The main part of the six-year scheme involved creating bogus loans to inflate
EFI's size, health and profits.

Tomberlin admitted that he helped create bogus loans to pad the books of EFI, a
West Airport Road firm owned by Sterling Financial.

In addition, as a part owner of an Andalusia insurance, mortgage and real estate
firm, Tomberlin played a key role in another part of the EFI scam.

He helped drain more than $1 million from EFI's insurance escrow account.

To do this, Tomberlin admitted, he pretended his firm insured logging and
land-clearing equipment that was acquired with EFI loans.

This ruse enabled his firm to bill the escrow account for insurance payments.

Some of the funds were pocketed by Tomberlin and other conspirators.

Some went to other phony borrowers who signed fake paperwork.

The rest was cycled back to EFI to cover up loan delinquencies.

In the bank-fraud case, Tomberlin twice helped a loan officer at Peoples Bank of
Coffee County in Alabama profit on real estate loans approved by the loan
officer.

Tomberlin also admitted that he paid a $50,000 kickback to the loan officer for
approving a loan to a Tomberlin associate.

Tomberlin is due to be sentenced in both the EFI and Peoples Bank cases on Nov.
22 in the Philadelphia courtroom of U.S. District Judge Paul S. Diamond.

For both cases, he faces a total of up to 85 years in jail and $4.8 million in
fines.

Tomberlin had been free on $50,000 bail.

But after his Monday guilty plea, his bail was switched to home confinement. He
also must wear an electronic monitoring bracelet.

tmekeel@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 18, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

SEC 'wildcatting' probes scrutinize industries

BYLINE: Michael McCarthy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- The Securities and Exchange Commission's inquiry into the $55
billion newspaper industry, which became public last week, is the latest example
of "wildcatting," an aggressive new SEC enforcement policy that tries to
anticipate problems rather than simply react.

"Wildcatting," an oil industry term for drilling in unexplored ground, is how
the policy is referred to within the commission.

Under this strategy, the SEC will review an entire industry when it finds
trouble at one or two major companies. The goal: Find out if the wrongdoing is
isolated or systemic.


In the past few years, the SEC has mounted such probes of the oil, cable TV,
telecom, video-game and food-service industries after identifying accounting
scandals and other abuses at individual companies.

Now, the SEC has requested information from major companies in the newspaper
industry after three companies acknowledged circulation figures were inflated at
four publications: Hollinger International's Chicago Sun-Times, Tribune's
Newsday and Spanish-language Hoy, and Belo's Dallas Morning News. Circulation
numbers are used to set advertising prices. Hollinger, Tribune and Belo have
pledged to make good financially with their advertisers.

The New York Times Co., Dow Jones, Washington Post Co., Knight-Ridder and
Gannett (publisher of USA TODAY) confirmed Wednesday that they have received
informal inquiry letters from the SEC asking for information about circulation
practices. The SEC declined to comment on the probe.

The SEC "is reviewing industry practices relating to the calculation of
newspaper circulation figures," and the Washington Post Co. has voluntarily
provided data, said spokesman Eric Grant. "The SEC made clear that the inquiry
is an industry review and should not be taken to suggest . . .  any wrongdoing."


Gannett is voluntarily providing information requested, said spokeswoman Tara
Connell in a statement. "Gannett stands behind its circulation reporting
practices."

The New York Times Co. welcomes the SEC probe "because it will help to put to
rest any lingering doubts created by the improper actions of a few," said
spokeswoman Catherine Mathis in a statement.

That can be a positive effect of wildcatting investigations. They can lift the
cloud from an industry by confirming that wrongdoing was isolated.While the
fact-finding is ongoing, however, most major players are swept up -- whether
they did anything or not -- and often have to shell out hundreds of thousands of
dollars to hire experts to respond to the requests, said Richard Sauer, a former
assistant director of the SEC's division of enforcement and now a partner at
Vinson & Elkins law firm in Washington.

"It makes sense if there are indications of a widespread practice that violates
securities law," he said. "But the SEC should certainly be selective when it
takes this approach, because it imposes significant costs on an entire
industry."

For the newspaper industry, the probe could make skittish advertisers even
warier. "The industry has been under siege for months because of the circulation
scandals. This certainly adds to it," says John Morton, a newspaper analyst at
Morton Research.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           January 9, 2008 Wednesday

Citigroup seeks Enron case dismissal

BYLINE: Christopher Scinta, Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 570  words


Citigroup, the lone bank holdout in creditor litigation over the collapse of
Enron, asked a New York federal judge to reject claims that it helped the fraud
that destroyed the energy trader in 2001.

Enron Creditors Recovery Corp., the entity wrapping up the defunct firm's
affairs, settled with 10 of the 11 banks it sued beginning in 2003 in the
so-called mega-claims case, seeking to hold Enron's lenders liable for the
fraud.

Unable to obtain compensation from the bankrupt energy trader, creditors pursued
deep-pocketed lenders led by Citigroup, the largest U.S. bank by assets.
Citigroup on Monday asked the bankruptcy judge to throw out much of the case,
claiming the Enron Creditors Recovery doesn't truly represent creditors. The
group wants as much as $20 billion from Citigroup.

"While Enron points an accusatory finger at Citigroup and the rest of Wall
Street, characterizing them as some sort of collective enabler of Enron's
wrongdoing, the law does not tolerate this sort of blame-shifting," Citigroup
lawyers wrote in court papers. Enron "has only itself to blame. "

Enron Creditors Recovery said Citigroup and other banks helped Enron management
structure financing deals that hid debt and allowed it to continue operating
longer than it should have, deepening the company's insolvency.

Citigroup claimed in court papers that Enron Creditors Recovery represents the
remnants of Houston-based Enron.

"Debt owed to creditors does not constitute an injury to the corporation," the
bank's lawyers argued, thus barring the group from pursuing claims on behalf of
creditors.

Citigroup has denied wrongdoing in its dealings with Enron and asked U.S.
Bankruptcy Judge Arthur Gonzalez to rule in its favor on the merits of the case
without a trial.

Enron Creditors Recovery hadn't fully reviewed the motion, the group's spokesman
Harlan Loeb said.

The group has so far distributed about $13 billion to creditors, or about 36
cents on the dollar of what they are owed. In addition to the $20 billion, the
Houston-based creditors group is seeking the return of payments previously made
by Enron to Citigroup as part of the financing arrangements.

Bank of New York, a trustee for a group of noteholders owed $2.4 billion, also
asked for summary judgment in court papers filed Monday. The affiliate of Bank
of New York Mellon Corp. said Enron Creditors Recovery is improperly trying to
disallow the noteholders' claims for repayment.

A trial in the mega-claims case is scheduled to begin in April in Manhattan
federal court. A hearing on Citigroup's summary judgment motion is set for March
27. In November, the bank asked that the case be transferred from U.S.
Bankruptcy Court to the U.S. District Court, saying a jury should hear the case
rather than a bankruptcy judge.

Also Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved an $18
million settlement between Enron and Snohomish Public Utility District No. 1 of
Washington.

The Snohomish settlement resolves all claims in Enron's bankruptcy proceeding
related to its wholesale power sales, the commission said in the order. It is
also the 50th settlement approved by the commission stemming from the 2000-2001
western power crisis, according to the agency's Web site.

Under terms of the accord, Snohomish will pay $18 million to settle
Houston-based Enron's claims that it was owed about $180 million for the
November 2001 cancellation of a long-term power contract.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 15, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Inquiry Details Due In School Elections

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 218 words


The New York City school system's top investigator has turned up evidence that
there was fraud or other wrongdoing in at least six of the city's 32 community
school districts during last May's school board elections, law-enforcement
officials and a Bronx community organizer familiar with a seven-month
investigation into the vote said yesterday.

Edward Stancik, the special commissioner for investigation of the New York City
school district, has scheduled a news conference for today, promising to detail
his results. During Mr. Stancik's inquiry he has investigated reports of
election wrongdoing in District 1 in Manhattan; Districts 8, 9, 10 and 12 in the
Bronx, and District 21 in Brooklyn, one of Mr. Stancik's investigators told
Mildred Bonilla, a Bronx community organizer who cooperated with the
investigation.

Mr. Stancik declined to comment on the investigation yesterday.

Mr. Stancik announced on Election Day, May 4, that he had gathered many claims
of election fraud and that he was beginning investigations in numerous
districts. In today's report he is to provide the first overview of the
wrongdoing that unfolded during the voting and the campaign that preceded it.

At stake in the May 4 elections were the 288 seats on the city's 32 nine-member
community school boards.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              July 30, 2004 Friday

Kerry quiet on white-collar crime

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 584 words



HIGHLIGHT: His plan to deter corporate wrongdoing is still a mystery even as he
accepts the Democratic nomination.


Sen. John Kerry's plan to deter corporate wrongdoing remains a mystery even as
the Massachusetts Democrat accepts his party's presidential nomination.

Nowhere on his campaign Web site does he address the scandals that befell Enron
Corp.and WorldCom Inc. The Democratic Party platform is similarly devoid of
references to corporate wrongdoing.

Such an absence is surprising. Earlier this month, it appeared the Kerry camp
was ready to make corporate crime a central tenet in the campaign. Vice
presidential nominee John Edwards used the Democratic Party weekly radio address
on July 10 -- just days after former Enron chairman Ken Lay was indicted -- to
raise the topic.

"Millions of Americans have lost their life's savings and pensions because of
corporate crooks like Ken Lay,"Edwards said.

He then complained about the delay in prosecuting the former chairman. "It took
three long years to see Ken Lay handcuffed and indicted for what he did,"
Edwards said before suggesting a Kerry administration would be tougher on
corporate crooks.

"In November, middle-class families will be able to rest assured that John Kerry
will look out for their interests, restore corporate responsibility and put our
economy back in line with our values," he said.

These remarks were followed by a July 12 comment in The Wall Street Journal in
which Kerry took a swing at the Bush administration's record combating corporate
wrongdoing.

"Values are putting the full force of the Justice Department on Day One in an
effort, not to take three years -- and a few months before the election --
before you bring Ken Lay to justice," the paper reported Kerry as saying at a
New York fundraiser.

The Bush administration shot back that Lay had ties to both parties. Lay served
on the board of a charity headed by Kerry's wife and attended a dinner at
Kerry's house shortly after Enron collapsed, the Wall Street Journal said.

Since then, the Kerry camp has kept quiet on the issue. An inquiry to the Kerry
campaign press office was not returned. Nor has corporate wrongdoing been a
primary topic for any of the prime-time speeches at the convention.

While the Democratic National Convention has been the dominant political story
of the week, enforcement agencies have continued with their prosecutions of
corporate wrongdoing.

The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, July 28, sued the former
chief financial officer of Qwest Communications International Inc. for
overstating the company's revenue by $112 million between January 2000 and
September 2002.

The agency also settled its 18-month probe of Charter Communications Inc.without
imposing any fines. Instead Charter, without admitting any wrongdoing, agreed
not to violate the law in the future.

The SEC had investigated whether Charter improperly inflated its cable
subscriber numbers. The Los Angeles Times said Wednesday that a separate
criminal probe by the Justice Department of the company's accounting practices
in 2000 and 2001 remains active.

U.S. Foodservice Inc.also returned to the spotlight. The Royal Ahold NV unit
overstated revenue by $800 million during a three-year period by improperly
recording rebate money. Charged with securities fraud and conspiracy were former
chief financial officer Michael J. Resnick and former executive vice president
Mark P. Kaiser. Both pleaded not guilty.

Meanwhile, Ken Lay will remain free a bit longer. The Houston Chronicle said
Wednesday that a judge has delayed the scheduling conference for the former
Enron chairman until Aug. 11.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2004 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Former Oakland City Administrator Edgerly takes step toward legal action

BYLINE: By Kelly Rayburn Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 619 words


OAKLAND   Deborah Edgerly may be headed for a legal showdown with the city of
Oakland after all.

Almost six months after she was fired, Edgerly filed a wrongful-termination
claim against Oakland on Dec. 22 seeking unspecified monetary payments from the
city and saying, among other things, that her reputation was impugned by her
employer and that Mayor Ron Dellums and his wife, Cynthia, tried to usurp her
authority as city administrator.

Claims often are precursors to lawsuits. City Attorney John Russo's office
rejected Edgerly's claim Jan. 7, giving her six months from that date to take
legal action.

Neither side is showing signs of backing down.

"If we're unable to resolve this short of filing a lawsuit, I believe my client
intends to file a lawsuit," said John Scott, a San Francisco-based attorney
representing Edgerly.

Russo spokesman Alex Katz said the city attorney will not recommend striking a
deal.

"Under no condition will he ever recommend a settlement on this matter," Katz
said.

The claim specifically names Dellums and Russo. Russo's office handled the
investigation of the claim in-house, which Katz said is standard protocol even
if the city attorney himself is named. The city has retained San Francisco
attorney Angela Padilla as outside counsel in the event that Edgerly sues, Katz
said.

Edgerly came under fire in June after allegations arose that she interfered with
a police investigation on behalf of a nephew who later was arrested as part of a
crackdown of West Oakland's Acorn gang.

Edgerly also was said to have had a history of favoring relatives working at
City Hall. Federal investigators in August requested personnel records for
Edgerly and three of her relatives and Edgerly's top City Hall assistant and one
of her relatives.

Edgerly consistently denied wrongdoing.

The city administrator job is Oakland's top nonelected post and is an at-will
position, meaning the city administrator serves at the pleasure of the mayor.

But Scott said that just because the position is at-will, it does not give the
mayor the authority to fire someone for an unlawful reason   which he said
Dellums did, even though Dellums' letter notifying Edgerly of her termination
did not provide a reason.

"There was no wrongdoing regarding anything she did," Scott said. "She didn't
commit any wrongdoing. From my point of view, that was a pretext to terminate
her for another reason."

That other reason, Scott said, includes Edgerly's claim that "on several
occasions" Dellums "requested that Edgerly meet with him and his wife, Cynthia
Dellums, for the purpose of allowing the mayor and his wife to act as the de
facto city administrator and perform duties and make decisions that were
exclusively the responsibility of the city administrator."

Edgerly said she refused to do so. The claim also alleged gender discrimination,
a smear campaign, and that Russo and an outside attorney failed to disclose a
conflict of interest in a lawsuit in which Edgerly was the client.

Neither Russo's office nor Dellums' office would discuss the specifics of the
claim.

Cynthia Dellums' role in the mayor's office has been a subject of criticism
inside and outside City Hall.

Asked to describe Cynthia Dellums' role in the administration, the mayor's chief
of staff, David Chai, would only say, "Mrs. Dellums has been, and continues to
be, an unpaid senior adviser to the mayor who shares the same vision and passion
the mayor does for the city of Oakland."

Edgerly earned an annual salary of $260,457 when she was fired. While her claim
did not specify a monetary figure, it did indicate Edgerly is seeking at least
$25,000, because Edgerly noted the claim would not be a limited civil case.

Reach Kelly Rayburn at 510-208-6435.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

Turner denies wrongdoing in ethics investigation

BYLINE: Zach Osowski, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


April 24--INDIANAPOLIS -- State Rep. Eric Turner, through written responses,
denied breaking any House rules in regard to an Ethics Committee investigation.
The investigation was to determine whether Turner lobbied against a bill to
protect his family's economic interests.

The House Ethics Committee met in the Statehouse on Wednesday to discuss the
allegations and hear what Turner's answers were to several in-depth
interrogatories.

Turner did not show up to the meeting.

Turner, who represents the northern part of Madison County, was accused by the
Indiana Democratic Party of lobbying for the death of a bill that would have
hurt his son Zeke Turner's business. The bill would have extended a moratorium
on building nursing homes. Turner's business is scheduled to build several new
homes over the next few years.

The Democratic Party Chair John Zody sent House Speaker Brian Bosma,
R-Indianapolis, a letter asking for an investigation. This came after a story
from The Associated Press said Turner spoke out against the bill in private
caucus meetings that led to the bill dying.

Ethics Committee Chair Greg Steuerwald, a Republican, said the meeting Wednesday
was to present the facts he and Rep. Clyde Kersey, a Democrat, had obtained
through questioning Turner. A meeting was scheduled for Wednesday, April 30, for
a final committee report that will be given to Bosma.

Turner said he did "offer his expertise" on the bill during a caucus meeting but
fully disclosed his and his family's ties to the nursing home business before
doing so. Turner also recused himself from a vote on the bill during both a
committee vote and the full House vote.

Because he didn't sponsor or vote on the bill, Turner claimed he didn't violate
any House rules.

Steuerwald said all representatives are required to fill out a form before the
session begins for issues like this one. He and Kersey reviewed Turner's form
and found his son's business was listed.

"We took a long time to get all of this information together," Kersey said. "I
think we tried to get to the bottom of this and cover every base."

He said they put Turner on the spot during questioning but he answered every
question and no discrepancies were found.

No official action was taken Wednesday. The committee will meet again to review
a finding Stueurwald and Kersey will put together. If approved, the committee
finding will go to Bosma who will make the final decision.

___

Follow Zach Osowski on Twitter @Osowski_THB, or call 640-4847.

___ (c)2014 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140424-HU-Turner-denies-wrongdoing-in-ethics-investigation-20140424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald Bulletin


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      June 23, 2002 Sunday BULLDOG EDITION

Three ex-executives at Rite Aid indicted on charges of fraud

BYLINE: Joseph N. DiStefano Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. B04

LENGTH: 970 words


In the latest attack on abusive corporate-accounting practices, federal
prosecutors in Harrisburg on Friday indicted former Rite Aid Corp. chief
executive officer Martin Grass and two former aides on criminal charges of
fraud, conspiracy and lying to shareholders of the national drugstore chain in
the 1990s.

Following a two-year investigation aided by the FBI and the Securities and
Exchange Commission, prosecutors accused Grass, former chief counsel Franklin C.
Brown, and ex-chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi of posting $2.3 billion
in phony profits, illegally enriching Grass at the expense of shareholders and
suppliers, and forcing what the SEC called the largest corporate accounting
revision in U.S. history.

Prosecutors also credited a "revolt" by conscientious veteran Rite Aid
accountants, including Joseph Speaker, who replaced Bergonzi as acting chief
financial officer in 1999, with stopping the fraud, reporting it to outside
directors, and eventually forcing Grass to resign in 2000.

Grass wrested control of the company in the Harrisburg suburbs from his father,
Rite Aid founder Alex Grass, in a 1995 boardroom coup and embarked on a costly
expansion scheme that pushed the 3,600-store chain deep into debt.

Responding to a message left on the answering machine at his oceanfront home in
Virginia Beach, Va., Grass issued a brief statement denying he "knowingly
engaged in any illegal acts" and promising to fight the charges "vigorously."
Brown and Bergonzi did not return calls to their Harrisburg-area homes.

SEC Northeast Regional Director Wayne Carlin called the charges a "disturbing
picture of dishonesty and misconduct at the highest level of a major
corporation." He added: "There will be no refuge for corporate executives who
commit this kind of wrongdoing."

The charges follow recent allegations of personal or corporate financial
wrongdoing that have forced CEOs to resign at a series of big companies,
including Enron Corp., WorldCom Inc., and Adelphia Communications Corp. The
accusations, combined with the collapse of technology and telecom share values,
have spawned lawsuits against scores of companies and sparked demands for
tougher accounting rules and penalties.

In a prepared statement, Rite Aid officials noted that the federal complaints
referred to problems under the Camp Hill company's previous management. "Rite
Aid is a much stronger company today than it was two years ago," said Robert G.
Miller, Rite Aid's chairman and chief executive officer.

Thomas A. Marino, U.S. attorney for Central Pennsylvania, and Jeffrey Lampinski,
chief of the FBI's Philadelphia office, credited Rite Aid for having "cooperated
extensively" with the investigation.

The SEC also said it had closed its own probe into Rite Aid's accounting and was
satisfied with reforms by the chain's current management. The indictment
portrays the firm's outside auditors as victims, rather than accomplices, of
senior Rite Aid executives' accounting.

In 2000, Rite Aid restated three years' earnings to show little or no profit in
place of previously reported record and rising earnings. The SEC, in civil fraud
charges also filed Friday, said the drugstore chain "overstated its income in
every quarter from May 1997 to May 1999."

As its financial reports weakened, Rite Aid investors lost more than $40 billion
in share value in the two years after the stock peaked in 1998. A proposed
settlement of a federal shareholders' suit now pending in Philadelphia would pay
$193 million to Rite Aid investors and their lawyers. If approved, that would
rank among the 10 largest settlements awarded to U.S. shareholders - alongside
recent judgments against Waste Management Inc. and Computer Associates,
according to a recent report by Philadelphia-based Ace Ltd., a major insurer of
corporate officers.

Rite Aid currently trades at less than $3 a share, down from its 1998 high of
$51. The stock closed up 11 cents Friday at $2.69.

Noting that Business Week had called Rite Aid one of "America's Best-Run
Companies" in 1998, Friday's indictment called "a ruse and a mirage" the robust
financial reports that had boosted Rite Aid's image and its share price. The
indictment added: "The deception was accomplished through massive accounting
fraud [and] the deliberate falsification of its financial statements" by Martin
Grass, Brown and Bergonzi.

Among other things, prosecutors allege that the three former executives:

Applied more than $40 million in "fictional credits" to Rite Aid expense
accounts.

Made $268 million in "arbitrary" changes to quarterly financial reports.

Claimed $75 million in "arbitrarily inflated" or "bogus" merchandise credits
from Rite Aid suppliers, such as Revlon and Johnson & Johnson.

Improperly recorded $76 million in drug rebates from drugmakers such as Zeneca
and Bristol-Myers Squibb.

Failed to record $55 million in employee stock grant expenses.

Collected a total of more than $9 million in executive bonuses and incentives
based on non-existent profits.

Used $2.6 million in company funds to help members of Grass' family gain control
of an 83-acre tract in York County.

Prosecutors also charged a current Rite Aid executive, pharmacy services chief
Eric S. Sorkin, with lying to a grand jury about a "lucrative" severance offer
he had received from Grass. Sorkin was suspended from his job Friday morning,
said Rite Aid spokeswoman Sarah Datz. Sorkin's attorney declined to comment on
the charges.

Also, former Rite Aid president Timothy J. Noonan pleaded guilty to failing to
report a felony; he is cooperating with prosecutors. Noonan did not return a
call seeking comment.

Contact Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5957 or jdistefano@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     June 22, 2002 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

3 ex-Rite Aid executives indicted on fraud charges

BYLINE: Joseph N. DiStefano Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. A01

LENGTH: 970 words


In the latest attack on abusive corporate-accounting practices, federal
prosecutors in Harrisburg yesterday indicted former Rite Aid Corp. chief
executive officer Martin Grass and two former aides on criminal charges of
fraud, conspiracy and lying to shareholders of the national drugstore chain in
the 1990s.

Following a two-year investigation aided by the FBI and the Securities and
Exchange Commission, prosecutors accused Grass, former chief counsel Franklin C.
Brown, and ex-chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi of posting $2.3 billion
in phony profits, illegally enriching Grass at the expense of shareholders and
suppliers, and forcing what the SEC called the largest corporate accounting
revision in U.S. history.

Prosecutors also credited a "revolt" by conscientious veteran Rite Aid
accountants, including Joseph Speaker, who replaced Bergonzi as acting chief
financial officer in 1999, with stopping the fraud, reporting it to outside
directors, and eventually forcing Grass to resign in 2000.

Grass wrested control of the suburban Harrisburg company from his father, Rite
Aid founder Alex Grass, in a 1995 boardroom coup, and embarked on a costly
expansion scheme that pushed the 3,600-store chain deep into debt.

Responding to a message left on the answering machine at his oceanfront home in
Virginia Beach, Va., Grass issued a brief statement denying he "knowingly
engaged in any illegal acts" and promising to fight the charges "vigorously."
Brown and Bergonzi did not return calls to their Harrisburg-area homes.

SEC Northeast Regional Director Wayne Carlin called the charges a "disturbing
picture of dishonesty and misconduct at the highest level of a major
corporation." He added, "There will be no refuge for corporate executives who
commit this kind of wrongdoing."

The charges follow recent allegations of personal or corporate financial
wrongdoing that have forced CEOs to resign at a series of big companies,
including Enron Corp., WorldCom Inc., and Adelphia Communications Corp. The
accusations, combined with the collapse of technology and telecom share values,
have spawned lawsuits against scores of companies and sparked demands for
tougher accounting rules and penalties.

In a prepared statement, Rite Aid officials noted that the federal complaints
referred to problems under the Camp Hill company's previous management. "Rite
Aid is a much stronger company today than it was two years ago," said Robert G.
Miller, Rite Aid's chairman and chief executive officer.

Thomas A. Marino, U.S. attorney for central Pennsylvania, and Jeffrey Lampinski,
chief of the FBI's Philadelphia office, credited Rite Aid for having "cooperated
extensively" with the investigation.

The SEC also said it had closed its own probe into Rite Aid's accounting and was
satisfied with reforms by the chain's current management. The indictment
portrays the firm's outside auditors as victims, rather than accomplices, of
senior Rite Aid executives' accounting.

In 2000, Rite Aid restated three years' earnings to show little or no profit in
place of previously reported record and rising earnings. The SEC, in civil fraud
charges also filed yesterday, said the drugstore chain "overstated its income in
every quarter from May 1997 to May 1999."

As its financial reports weakened, Rite Aid investors lost more than $40 billion
in share value in the two years after the stock peaked in 1998. A proposed
settlement of a federal shareholders' suit now pending in Philadelphia would pay
$193 million to Rite Aid investors and their lawyers. If approved, that would
rank among the 10 largest settlements awarded U.S. shareholders - alongside
recent judgments against Waste Management Inc. and Computer Associates,
according to a recent report by Philadelphia-based Ace Ltd., a major insurer of
corporate officers.

Rite Aid currently trades at less than $3 a share, down from its 1998 high of
$51. The stock closed up 11 cents yesterday at $2.69.

Noting that Business Week had called Rite Aid one of "America's Best-Run
Companies" in 1998, yesterday's indictment called "a ruse and a mirage" the
robust financial reports that had boosted Rite Aid's image and its share price.
The indictment added, "The deception was accomplished through massive accounting
fraud [and] the deliberate falsification of its financial statements" by Martin
Grass, Brown and Bergonzi.

Among other things, prosecutors allege that the three former executives:

Applied more than $40 million in "fictional credits" to Rite Aid expense
accounts.

Made $268 million in "arbitrary" changes to quarterly financial reports.

Claimed $75 million in "arbitrarily inflated" or "bogus" merchandise credits
from Rite Aid suppliers, such as Revlon and Johnson & Johnson.

Improperly recorded $76 million in drug rebates from drugmakers such as Zeneca
and Bristol-Myers Squibb.

Failed to record $55 million in employee stock grant expenses.

Collected a total of more than $9 million in executive bonuses and incentives
based on non-existent profits.

Used $2.6 million in company funds to help members of Grass' family gain control
of an 83-acre tract in York County.

Prosecutors also charged a current Rite Aid executive, pharmacy services chief
Eric S. Sorkin, with lying to a grand jury about a "lucrative" severance offer
he had received from Grass. Sorkin was suspended from his job yesterday morning,
said Rite Aid spokeswoman Sarah Datz. Sorkin's attorney declined comment on the
charges.

Also, former Rite Aid president Timothy J. Noonan pleaded guilty to failing to
report a felony; he is cooperating with prosecutors. Noonan did not return a
call seeking comment.

Contact Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5957 or jdistefano@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

For Albany, Yet Another Corruption Case

BYLINE: By THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 411 words


The arrest of State Senator Malcolm A. Smith on Tuesday followed a string of
corruption cases involving elected officials in New York State that has helped
burnish Albany's reputation as an ethical cesspool.

Over the past seven years, 29 state officeholders have been convicted of a
crime, censured or otherwise accused of wrongdoing, according to the New York
Public Interest Research Group.

The lawmakers have run into trouble for a wide variety of improprieties, like
throwing coffee in the face of a staff member, sleeping in the home of a
21-year-old intern and siphoning money from a nonprofit group to pay for, among
other things, $20,000 in takeout sushi.

The State Senate has been hit particularly hard. Three men who held the position
of majority leader have been charged with corruption in recent years, with Mr.
Smith, a Queens Democrat, only the latest to run afoul of the law. Another
former majority leader, Pedro Espada Jr., a Bronx Democrat, was convicted last
year of stealing money from a nonprofit health care network he founded, and
Joseph L. Bruno, an upstate Republican who was also once majority leader, has
been accused of taking bribes and kickbacks (he was found guilty of fraud in
2009, but his conviction was vacated, and he now faces a second trial).

The malfeasance has reached all levels of state government. Former Gov. Eliot
Spitzer, a Democrat, resigned amid a prostitution scandal. Alan G. Hevesi, a
former state comptroller, was released from prison in December after serving
time for his role in a corruption scheme involving the state pension fund; years
earlier, Mr. Hevesi, a Democrat, had pleaded guilty to a felony and resigned
from office after admitting he used state workers to chauffeur his wife.

The State Assembly has also seen its share of wrongdoing. Assemblyman Vito J.
Lopez, a Brooklyn Democrat, was censured last year after accusations of sexual
harassment; he has denied wrongdoing, but remains the subject of a criminal
investigation. Assemblyman William F. Boyland Jr., another Brooklyn Democrat,
awaits trial on bribery charges; last month, federal prosecutors accused him of
falsely securing tens of thousands of dollars in travel reimbursements by
claiming to be in Albany on days when he was nowhere near the capital.

Also last month, Assemblyman Stephen M. Katz, a Republican from the Hudson
Valley, was charged with marijuana possession after he was stopped for speeding
on the New York Thruway south of Albany.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/03/nyregion/with-senator-smiths-arrest-yet-anothe
r-corruption-case-for-albany.html

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 4, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

NETWATCH;
THE AJC'S DAILY ONLINE GUIDE;
Online anonymity lawsuit in Georgia gets extra support

BYLINE: Art Kramer and Elizabeth Lee

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 07C

LENGTH: 906 words


An Oakland, Calif., computer firm that sells pseudonyms and a New York
journalist who writes under one are preparing to join the upcoming court
challenge to a Georgia law that restricts the use of online pen names.

The challenge, expected later this month, is likely to address some of the same
issues raised by Friday's shutdown of anon.penet.fi, the world's most popular
online pseudonym service.

Johan "Julf" Helsingius, a Helsinki computer services manager who operated the
free service for more than three years, closed the remailer Friday after a
Finnish court ordered him Aug. 22 to turn over logs of its users. The court
granted a petition by the Church of Scientology, which claimed that copyrighted
materials have been posted on the Internet after passing through Helsingius'
remailer.

A remailer is software that receives an e-mail message, strips away or scrambles
the return address and sends it on to its final destination.

Helsingius has not turned over the logs yet, pending final delivery of the court
order, and he won't reveal the location of the machine, he said. But he intends
to comply with the order if he cannot find a legal way to fight it, he said.

Helsingius took measures to prevent his remailer, one of several on the
Internet, from being used to transmit pornography, but not all remailers do.

He said a London Observer article calling him "the Internet middleman who
handles 90 percent of all child pornography" was only a minor consideration in
his decision to close the remailer.

Helsingius said he'll follow the progress of the Georgia case closely.

One of the prospective challengers, Oakland, Calif.-based Community Connexion,
provides about 800 clients with e-mail or Internet locations that are protected
by untraceable online pseudonyms. The Georgia law criminalizes misrepresentation
of identity online.

"It's more important than ever to make sure anonymity remains widely available
on the Net with the closing of Julf's server," said Sameer Parekh, 21, the
ex-Berkeley student who runs Community Connexion.

Parekh said he's prepared to testify that most of his clients seeking online
anonymity are government and corporate whistleblowers or others in sensitive
circumstances.

Also planning to join the lawsuit is Jonathan Wallace, co-author with Mark
Mangan of "Sex, Laws and Cyberspace,'' a collection of case studies of online
civil liberties conflicts. The American Civil Liberties Union, Electronic
Frontiers Foundation and their Georgia affiliates also are expected to be
plaintiffs, said Scott McClain, one of the lawyers for the groups.

Hot/not

- Freebies newsgroup: Well, here it is . . . something for nothing. Free stuff
found on the Internet for freebie fanatics featuring everything from a sandwich
bag to software. The list is growing, although this is hardly a no-cost
Wal-Mart.

alt.consumers.free-stuff

-Progressive Populist: Any magazine featuring Jim Hightower and Ronnie Dugger,
on paper or online, will have a tart tongue and a Texas slant. Hit here for
politics you'd expect from longtime progressives, several from the Lone Star
State.

http://www.eden.com
/ reporter/

-The American Spectator: The home page for the political journal is as
conservative as the magazine's politics, which means you can get the table of
contents and a couple of pieces from the current issue, but for the complete
goods (including columnists John Corry and Ben Stein), you have to subscribe.
Orders taken on site.

http://www.amspec.org/
Your Pick

- Clemson University student Susan Myers lets the Web "Inspire" her by visiting
the site of the same name, at http://www.infoadvn

.com/inspire/. At Inspire, you can sign up yourself and friends to receive daily
feel-good messages by e-mail. Myers, who's planning to join the FBI upon
graduation, posts the best messages on the door of her dorm room so her friends
can share them. We're so inspired, we're sending a Net Watch.

-If you want a Net Watch, go to http://web.ajc.com/netwatch

/sendurl.htm and tell us about your favorite Internet address. If we pick your
pick, we'll make you incredibly famous and send you an actual timekeeping
device.

Today
- 8 p.m.: Rock group Biohazard. AOL. Keyword: Warner
-8 p.m.: NFL expert Buddy Ryan. AOL. Keyword: Globe

-8 p.m.: Activist and author the Rev. Al Sharpton. Prodigy. Location: Damali.
Jump: Chat

-8 p.m.: Rapper and actor LL Cool J. Ticketmaster Online.
http://www.ticketmaster

.com

-9 p.m.: Hollywood publicist Rob Harris of "Tin Cup." CompuServe. Location:
CompuServe Conference Center. Go: Conference. Also on People Online:
http://pathfinder.com

/people/interactive
/chat.html

-10 p.m.: Actor Joe Rogan of "NewsRadio." Prodigy. Location: Prodigy Spotlight.
Jump: Chat

Netc...

The Internet has embraced knitters and quilters, and now there are resources for
home canners. Recipes, how-to's and safety tips for putting up your garden's
bounty are provided on Home Canning Online, at http://www.home-canning.com/ ,
and the extensive USDA Complete Guide to Home Canning, at
http://www.agen.ufl.edu/ foodsaf/ . First-timers and experienced users will find
helpful suggestions on both sites. Home Canning Online has a somewhat commercial
feel, since it is sponsored by canning products manufacturer Bernardin Inc., but
the brand-specific recommendations aren't overly intrusive.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 30, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIE WATCH;
Twain and his fans shall meet at Kennesaw State film festival

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel, news services

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 02L Eleanor Ringel

LENGTH: 782 words


As part of its ongoing summer celebration of Mark Twain, Kennesaw State College
is offering a mini-film festival based on the novelist's works. On Aug. 5, the
college will show the PBS version of "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" at
noon, and the 1939 version with Mickey Rooney and Rex Ingram at 8 p. m. At 1:30
p.m. Aug. 6, the rarely seen "The Man With a Million," a British production
starring Gregory Peck, will screen, followed at 8 p.m. by "The Prince and the
Pauper," starring Errol Flynn. The series wraps up Aug. 7 with "Bugs Bunny in
King Arthur's Court" (3 p.m.) and Bing Crosby as "A Connecticut Yankee in King
Arthur's Court" (8 p.m.).

Festival coordinator Dewi Wilson also has scheduled some other intriguing
events. At 4 p.m. Aug. 6, Nick Karanovich, a major collector of Twain film
posters, will talk about his enormous collection. Movie memorabilia-lovers, take
note: The posters - 50 of them - are already on display at Kennesaw's Horace W.
Sturgis Library, along with rare editions of Twain's books, handwritten
manuscripts, etc.

On Aug. 7, a panel discussion titled "Adapting Literature to Film," will take
place at 4 p.m. (right after the Bugs Bunny cartoon - hmm . . .). Participants
include Linda Dubler, film/video curator at the High Museum of Art; Matthew
Bernstein, professor of film at Emory University; and Clyde Haupt, author of
"Huckleberry Finn on Film."

The screenings, lecture, panel discussion, etc. are at the new Science Building
on campus and all are free. To reserve advance tickets to the screenings
(seating is limited) or for more information on the festival, call 770-423-6650.
For general information: 770-423-6186.

MEET THE DIRECTOR: You can't beat this for access to top talent. Every morning
at 10 this week, except Thursday, the National Black Arts Festival is sponsoring
a free symposium called "The Art of Filmmaking: Conversations With . . . "

Participating are Charles Burnett ("To Sleep With Anger") on Monday;
award-winning video makers Michelle Parkerson and Ada Griffin on Tuesday; Dianne
Houston, director of the Oscar-nominated short "Tuesday Morning Ride," on
Wednesday; and Joe Brewster ("The Keeper") on Friday.

The free discussions are at the Sheraton Colony Square Hotel. Information:
404-730-7315 or 404-335-2858.

AN ATLANTA MOMENT: The whole world really is coming to Atlanta this summer. In
Arnold Schwarzenegger's new "Eraser," the star sends the bad guys on a
wild-goose chase to Atlanta to find where he's stashed corporate whistle- blower
Vanessa Williams. However, true Atlantans will realize the baddies probably
won't ever land here when James Caan opens a Pepsi en route.

AN ATLANTA STAR: The world at large probably knows her best as Mrs. Samuel L.
Jackson, but Atlanta theater lovers and discerning moviegoers know her as
LaTanya Richardson. The once-local actress has a sizable role in "Lone Star,"
the fine new John Sayles movie opening in early July. She plays an Army sergeant
at a Texas military base who has an interracial romance with a fellow soldier.

IT'S A WONDERFUL TOWN: New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani told some Manhattan
journalists that his favorite New York movies are "The Godfather" and "Taxi
Driver." Mobsters and violent loners. It is a helluva town.

FROM THE MAIL BAG: A nice Old Atlanta memory from Delores Turner, who writes, "I
first saw the epic movie 'The Ten Commandments' at the old Ashby Street Theater
(on what is now Martin Luther King Jr. Drive). . . . Childhood experiences at
the Ashby were wonderful. The Atlanta Public Schools 'black' Safety Patrol
students from all over the city used to meet there and when Lash Larue and Fuzzy
St. John came to town, there was standing room only."

As for her question on actress Debra Paget (Turner is a big "Ten Commandments"
fan), she stopped making movies in the early '60s and her third marriage - to a
nephew of Madame Chaing Kai-Shek! - ended in 1971.

CASTING ABOUT: It looks like Fred Schepisi will direct John Cleese as Don
Quixote and Robin Williams as Sancho Panza. The movie will be based on an
adaptation of the Cervantes novel written by Waldo Salt more than 30 years ago.
Talk about a long time in development. . . . Linda Fiorentino ("The Last
Seduction") stars in a sexy comedy called "Brown- Eyed Girl," about a
businessman and a free spirit. We thought that was "Two for the Seesaw." . . .
Pen Densham ("Moll Flanders") is directing "Father Time," about a mythical
figure who comes to Earth and assumes human form. We thought that was "Starman."
. . . Carl Franklin ("One False Move," "Devil in a Blue Dress") is making
"Killer Spy," about a CIA turncoat charged with spying for the Soviets.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: 'Independence Day' upon us: New York City (top) receives an
 extraterrestrial visitor (and it's not a cute little guy who likes
 Reese's Pieces) in the adventure movie "Independence Day," opening
 Wednesday. Will Smith (bottom, left) and Harry Connick Jr. play fighter
 pilots who take on the alien force. / 20th Century Fox

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ohio Republican tied to ex-lobbyist scraps House run

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 450 words


WASHINGTON -- The political corruption scandal surrounding convicted lobbyist
Jack Abramoff claimed another victim Monday when Ohio Republican Bob Ney said he
would not run for a seventh House term.

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California called Ney's withdrawal
"welcome news in our fight to end the Republican culture of corruption."
Republicans, however, said their odds of holding Ney's heavily Republican
district got better.

Joy Padgett, a state senator who represents many of Ney's constituents, declared
her candidacy for a special primary election to be scheduled after Ney formally
withdraws. The district is "ruby red" and sure to stay Republican, said Rep. Tom
Reynolds of New York, head of the House Republican campaign committee.

The Justice Department is investigating allegations that Ney took gifts, trips
and campaign donations from Abramoff and his clients in exchange for official
actions. Ney denies wrongdoing and says he decided to spare his family. "I can
no longer put them through this ordeal," he said in a statement.

Ralph Reed, a former Abramoff friend and associate, last month lost a primary
race for lieutenant governor in Georgia.

Former House majority leader Tom DeLay, also associated with Abramoff, resigned
his Texas seat to fight charges back home that he illegally funneled corporate
funds to state legislative races. DeLay denies wrongdoing. Two former DeLay
aides pleaded guilty in the Abramoff case.

Federal investigators have been looking into Abramoff-financed gifts, meals and
trips accepted by lawmakers and aides, and official actions by lawmakers that
have helped Abramoff clients. Ney's former chief of staff has pleaded guilty in
the case.

More than 200 members of Congress, mostly Republicans, accepted campaign
donations from Abramoff, his clients and political allies. Sen. Conrad Burns,
R-Mont., who took about $150,000, was the top recipient. Burns says his efforts
to help an Indian tribe represented by Abramoff were not influenced by
contributions. He said last year the donations were legal but he would return
them.

Ney said this summer that he would run whatever happened on the legal front and
let his constituents decide his fate.

House Majority Leader John Boehner spoke with Ney and Padgett in the past few
days as Ney was making his decision, said Boehner spokesman Kevin Madden. He
said Boehner encouraged Padgett to run.

DeLay and Ney both won primaries earlier this year. DeLay has tried to get off
the Nov. 7 ballot, but courts have agreed with Democrats who say his name must
stay there.

Under Ohio law, Ney can withdraw by notifying the election board in his
district's largest county at least 80 days before the general election.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 13, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

A Prosecutor Considers Monitoring Newark Police

BYLINE: By NEIL MacFARQUHAR

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 840 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Nov. 12


The Essex County Prosecutor, Clifford J. Minor, said today that the Federal
investigation into Newark's Police Director had so deeply undermined public
confidence in the department that the police might need special monitoring by
his office.

"There needs to be some monitoring to assure the confidence of the residents of
Newark in their Police Department," Mr. Minor said.

His remarks came three days after Federal agents, bearing warrants, searched the
home and office of William R. Celester, the Police Director, and Jackie R.
Mattison, the Mayor's chief of staff.

Mayor Sharpe James said he would be the first to act if he knew of any
wrongdoing by his top aides, but noted that neither man had been charged with
wrongdoing.

"I think that it's important that due process, fairness and justice be afforded
every individual," Mr. James said in Los Angeles, where he finished second in a
contest for the nation's funniest mayor, sponsored by Home Box Office and
broadcast in the program "Comic Relief VII" to raise money for the homeless.

The Mayor's comments came before Mr. Minor spoke. Mr. James was said to be
returning to Newark today, but could not be reached for further comment. There
was no answer at his office and no one answered the door at his home.

Mr. Minor's comments were first reported in The Star-Ledger of Newark today.

Other officials, while noting the widespread criticism of the Police Department
in Newark, said it was too soon for the prosecutor to intervene with the police.

"I think it is all a little premature when there are just allegations and no
formal charges have been made," said Donald Bradley, the president of the City
Council.

Mr. Celester's lawyer said his client would have no immediate comment on the
suggestion that his department needed monitoring. The lawyer, Anthony J. Pope
Jr., said Mr. Celester had a meeting scheduled with the Mayor tonight and would
wait until it was over to consider commenting on the investigation against him.

Sources close to the investigation have said there is no specific link between
the searches carried out on the homes and offices of Mr. Celester and Mr.
Mattison, other than that both are part of an ever-widening inquiry into
possible corruption in city government.

Mr. Mattison, along with the Mayor and other top aides, are under scrutiny for
possible diversion of campaign funds to their personal use, the sources said.
The raids uncovered more than $100,000 in cash at the house and in bank safe
deposit boxes linked to Mr. Mattison.

Mr. Celester is under investigation on allegations that he used police money in
an account for special investigations for personal expenses, tax fraud, selling
transfers or promotions and other fund-raising activities, the sources said. Mr.
Celester denies any wrongdoing.

But Mr. Minor and other top county and city officials said they wanted to
discuss with Mr. James the fact that just the aura of wrongdoing was beginning
to take its toll on the 1,290-strong police force and on public opinion.

"I am not saying Celester should be removed from office," Mr. Minor said. "But
you still have to look at the operation of the Police Department when the home
and office of its director are being searched by another law enforcement agency.
The rank and file begins to question the ability of its leaders."

Mr. Minor said that he would consult with the State Attorney General's office on
the legal steps necessary to enforce some form of monitoring, which might
include having the top police officers report daily to his office.

Chuck Davis, a spokesman for the New Jersey Attorney General, said no comment
would be available on the matter until Monday. But Mr. Minor and the Essex
County Sheriff, Armando B. Fontura, pointed out that monitoring or even
takeovers of local police departments were not without precedent.

The Bergen County Prosecutor's office took over the Police Department in South
Hackensack, N.J., in January 1994 after an investigation revealed that officers
were taking part in sports betting and were dropping cases against people
friendly with the force.

Mr. Minor and Mr. Fontura, both former Newark police officers, said some sort of
outside intervention would help Newark policemen who were overly distracted by
what is going on in the top echelons.

"Their morale is down around their shoes, so this is having an effect on the
department," Mr. Fontura said.

In a straw poll included on the ballot last Tuesday by the City Council, Newark
voters, by a ratio of 2 to 1, said they were unhappy with the Police
Department's performance.

Residents generally complain that there are not enough officers patrolling the
streets and that response times of more than 20 minutes are unacceptable.
Overall, the number of major crimes dropped last year to 37,720 from 38,698 in
1993. But critics maintain that the drop is steeper in other cities, and
regardless of statistics, many residents live in fear in a city with one of the
highest crime rates in the nation.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Despite criminal charges, Jonathan Schumm retains Topeka council seat

BYLINE: Luke Ranker.

luke.ranker@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 580 words


Jonathan Schumm, embattled city councilman, will remain on Topeka's governing
body during an investigation into charges of aggravated battery and other
offenses in which the victims were children.

Barring a resignation, Schumm holds his seat, said city spokeswoman Aly Van
Dyke. Through a jail official, Schumm declined an interview Friday with The
Topeka Capital-Journal.

Generally, there are two options for removing an elected official from office,
both requiring substantial proof of wrongdoing, said Eric Smith, legal counsel
at the Kansas League of Municipalities.

The public could call for a recall election by petition. In that case, the
person suspected of wrongdoing must be convicted of a felony, have willfully
engaged in misconduct while in office or have failed to perform duties.

"Allegations are not going to be enough," Smith said.

Schumm and his wife, Allison Nicole Schumm, were booked into the Shawnee County
Jail on Thursday evening. They posted bond Friday. The councilman was arrested
in connection with one count each of aggravated battery and, as an alternative,
abuse of a child (torture or cruelly beating a child younger than 18), which
occurred between Oct. 7 and Oct. 11, and four counts of endangering a child,
which occurred Oct. 31, a jail official said.

The Shawnee County District Attorney's Office filed the charges Thursday.

If a district attorney conducts an investigation into an elected official and
finds proof of wrongdoing, mental impairment or willful neglect of duties, the
office can initiate ouster proceedings, Smith said.

Representatives from the Shawnee County District Attorney's office didn't return
calls Friday.

Topeka, or any governing body, doesn't have authority to remove someone from
office, Smith said.

Some commissions or councils can pass a public censure, an expression of strong
disapproval.

City officials Friday were conducting legal research on what the law says about
the conduct of a councilman who has been arrested, Van Dyke said.

"At this time our concerns are with Councilman Schumm and his family," Mayor
Larry Wolgast said. "We're letting the system work."

Topeka and Shawnee County elected officials have had a history of ouster
threats.

Former Councilman John M. Campos II was under threat of ouster last year
following his arrest on felony charges of making a false writing and
interference with law enforcement (evidence). He was accused of changing the
date on an insurance card in an attempt to avoid punishment for driving without
insurance, then shredding the card to hinder prosecution. The Shawnee County
District Attorney's Office filed documents April 21 and 22, 2014, seeking to
remove Campos from his elected seat and to suspend him. Campos resigned his post
days later.

In 2011, the Shawnee County Commission, under the direction of then Commissioner
Vic Miller, voted publicly to request Shawnee County District Attorney Chad
Taylor investigate and instigate an ouster on former County Treasurer Larry
Wilson. The D.A.'s office later declared allegations Wilson wasn't performing
his duties didn't rise to the level of an ouster.

Former Mayor Butch Felker resigned while facing an ouster action in 2003
alleging ethics violations. Those included falsification of campaign donation
records, whiting out names and substituting other names on campaign finance
documents, receiving excessive campaign contributions, failing to identify
contributors, and falsifying names, according to Capital-Journal archives.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Irregularities warrant state intervention, EPISD says

BYLINE: Zahira Torres \ Austin Bureauelpasotimes.Com, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1739 words


April 25--AUSTIN -- The El Paso Independent School District's top administrator
for the first time publicly admitted that student testing policies had been
manipulated to avoid accountability and said she wanted the state's education
agency to send in a monitor to help the

district.

Interim Superintendent Terri Jordan on Tuesday said she would ask that the
school board call on the Texas Education Agency to appoint a "special
administrative partner," who would assist in establishing policies that prevent
administrators from failing or promoting students simply to keep them from
taking state accountability tests.

A somber Jordan made the statements at a news conference the district scheduled
hours after releasing about 1,500 documents to the El Paso Times as part of an
open- records request.

She announced that Bowie High School Principal Jesus Chavez and Myrna Gamboa, a
director in the Secondary and Priority Schools Division, had been removed from
their positions the same day the newspaper obtained documents and emails that
suggested each might have played a role in preventing students from taking
state-mandated tests at the struggling campus. Both administrators have been
reassigned to central office, but their new roles remain unclear.

"I want it clearly understood that the days of El Paso ISD playing fast and
loose with the rules are over," Jordan said during the news conference, in which
she sought to distance herself from former Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia, for
whom she worked as chief of

staff.

Documents obtained by the El Paso Times through the Texas Public Information Act
have outlined a wave of problems at Bowie and other struggling campuses, known
as "priority schools," that seem to confirm many of the 2010 allegations of
wrongdoing made by then-state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh.

The title of a news release announcing Tuesday's news conference read: "Bowie
Principal, District Executive removed. Interim Superintendent Outraged by
failures found in investigation."

But documents show that EPISD officials have been aware of potential problems
for almost two years and have had internal findings of wrongdoing for at least a
year. Jordan said district officials didn't take disciplinary action sooner
because they didn't want to be seen as interfering in ongoing investigations by
the FBI and U.S. Department of Education.

On Tuesday, Jordan suddenly announced disciplinary action against some employees
without any explanation on why the district chose to act now on findings it has
maintained secret for more than a year. Jordan said she was reassigning Chavez,
the Bowie High principal, because in July 2010 he told an internal auditor that
he willfully violated district policy on admitting students.

Chavez was quoted in an audit interview talking about whether out-of-country
credits should be counted for students from Mexico. He said sometimes "we have
to compromise the policy, sometimes difficult and ugly scenarios we have here
and we have to violate policy."

While Jordan said Chavez's statement was "stunning and unacceptable," officials
did not take action until Monday -- the same day the district released the
documents, which included the admission, to the newspaper.

Chavez, who was heavily recruited at a time when the school was having
difficulties meeting federal accountability rules, said his lawyer advised him
not to speak on the issue, but he called himself a mere piece of the puzzle in
an expansive investigation into allegations of wrongdoing at the district.

"The more fair part for me right now is to let the investigation unfold," Chavez
said in an interview with the El Paso Times. "That will defend who needs to get
defended and place blame on who needs to be blamed."

Eric Winkelman, director of career and technology education and former principal
for the Center for Career and Technology Education, was named the temporary
interim administrator at Bowie.

Jordan said the district would ask the U.S. Department of Education to review
Bowie High's federal accountability report card for 2009 to see whether it
accurately reflects school performance. She said she also wants the Texas
Education Agency to assign a monitor who will help review and implement policies
at the district.

Texas Education Agency spokeswoman Debbie Ratcliffe said the school district has
not submitted a formal request for a monitor, which acts primarily as an
observer and advisor. Ratcliffe said the state agency, which could make such an
assignment on its own, had not done so because it was waiting for the results of
the ongoing federal investigations into wrongdoing.

"Placing a monitor in a district is one of the highest levels of sanctions we
can do, and it costs the districts money because they pay for those people to be
there," Ratcliffe said. "It's something we don't do lightly, but when districts
ask us for that help, we typically grant it."

Ratcliffe said a monitor would cost the district $75 an hour.

She also said situations like that the EPISD is facing are rare.

Jordan, who was flanked by five school board members at her news conference,
said Garcia's administration was responsible for potential falsifications of
government documents and improper promotion and retention of students in an
effort to avoid possible federal education accountability sanctions.

Garcia's lawyer could not be reached for comment.

Garcia resigned from the district last year after being indicted on unrelated
public-corruption charges. Jordan, who was his top aide, was named interim
superintendent.

Jordan and school board members, who sought to distance themselves from the
former superintendent, didn't directly respond to a question about their
culpability in the unfolding scandal.

Jordan's statements are a marked change from previous district positions, which
vehemently denied any wrongdoing at Bowie and other schools. In fact, in a
letter to the Department of Education, Jordan called allegations of wrongdoing
by Shapleigh a "fierce attack." Jordan didn't mention Shapleigh at her news
conference. Shapleigh was accusing the district of "disappearing" students from
Bowie and other schools so they wouldn't have to take standardized tests used
for state and federal accountability.

She said district officials found out after Garcia's indictment that some
employees were afraid to report wrongdoing because they feared retaliation. She
provided the phone number for employees to anonymously report potential student
record problems.

Jordan also took aim at another former district leader.

She cited a "stunning and deeply troubling directive" from then-Associate
Superintendent Damon Murphy, now the superintendent of the Canutillo Independent
School District. The email ordered that students transferring to EPISD from out
of the country be held for a year in the ninth grade even if their transfer
credits make them sophomores.

Jordan said she was "deeply troubled" by an email he sent principals and other
administrators that attempted "to wrongfully hold students in the ninth grade."

"Such an order disregards district policy and causes great harm to children who
have received some education in another country and who should be immediately
placed in the correct grade," Jordan said.

Murphy did not directly address Jordan's comments.

"I have not reviewed the documents EPISD released today and, therefore, I do not
feel it appropriate to comment on them at this point," Murphy said in a
statement.

Among the documents cited by Jordan at the news conference was an allegation by
then-Pupil Services Director Mark Mendoza that Chavez never conducted legally
required disciplinary hearings for dozens of students, and that paperwork meant
to document those hearings was forged.

"Upon closer investigation, more than 30 cases were found in which the
principal's signature on letters documenting hearings was forged," Mendoza said
in one of the emails obtained by the newspaper. "There is no documentation that
any of these hearings actually took place."

In another series of back-and-forth emails with administrators, Mendoza
documented various cases in which Bowie High School students were being dropped
or kept from enrolling in violation of state law. Some of those students, whose
names were redacted from the emails for privacy purposes, wrote their own
accounts of troubles at Bowie.

One student said she left Bowie when she became pregnant to attend the
school-age parent center but later returned to the campus. She said she
registered for classes Jan. 17, 2010, but a day later was called into the
principal's office.

"He told me I was not going to get anywhere because I needed credits to graduate
and the best thing for me was to go to another school to take GED classes," she
wrote about Chavez. "He said if it were up to him, he would have never let me
register at Bowie. I felt almost forced to leave school."

In one email exchange obtained by the newspaper, Mendoza directs Chavez to
enroll a student at Bowie. He says that the principal's reasons for denying the
student admission to the campus were not based on district policy or state law.

Mendoza said the student reported that Chavez told her she would "count against"
the school and that another school that does not have "so many dropouts" might
accept her.

In his reply, Chavez said Mendoza was accepting the stories provided by the
students and the parents without allowing him the opportunity to share his side
of the story.

Another email sent to Chavez by Maribel Jackson, secretary of then-Associate
Superintendent Murphy, revealed similar concerns.

Jackson urged Chavez to allow another student who lived in the Bowie area to
re-enroll at the school after being dropped for poor attendance.

"She needs to be in school and unfortunately for Bowie she lives in your
attendance area," Jackson wrote. Jackson added that she explained to the parent
the importance of regular attendance "and the reasons (accountability) for you
being hesitant in accepting her."

"Dr. Chavez, I know you are hesitant in accepting this student; however, we
really don't have a choice," Jackson wrote. "If attendance is an issue, send her
to court," Jackson said.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

Whom to call

Hotline to report potential student records problems: 800-620-8591.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120425-EY-HLT-Irregularities-warrant-state-intervention-EPISD-says-0425-201204
25

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 1, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rowland Team to Recommend Narrow Impeachment Criteria

BYLINE: By ALISON LEIGH COWAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 747 words


Lawyers for Gov. John G. Rowland of Connecticut intend to argue today that a
very narrow standard should be used by the legislative committee considering
whether the governor's conduct warrants impeachment charges against him.

The lawyers' arguments, which are contained in a 30-page memorandum that is to
be submitted to the panel today, deviate from those of many legal scholars who
assert that any abuse of public trust can be grounds for impeachment.

Specifically, the governor's lawyers argue that impeachment should be reserved
for ''serious criminal misconduct or similarly grave wrongdoing relating to and
affecting the discharge of his duties.''

The memorandum also suggests that the lawyers intend to argue that proof of
wrongdoing must be established ''by clear and convincing evidence.''

That, too, appears to be a stricter definition than the standard that was used
by the Arizona House of Representatives to impeach Evan Mecham in 1988. The
inquiry by the House Select Committee began after Mr. Rowland admitted in
December that he had lied about accepting favors, including renovations at his
cottage in Litchfield, from people who worked for him or did business with the
state. Other topics include gifts or favors received by the governor, state
contracts, business deals Mr. Rowland has been involved in and a broad array of
personal and financial dealings.

Connecticut's constitution contains no standards for an impeachable offense, and
if Mr. Rowland's lawyers prevail in establishing what constitutes impeachable
behavior, the governor may have an easier time arguing that although his conduct
might have been shabby, it was not egregious enough for him to be removed from
office.

Much of the case against him so far involve instances in which the governor
accepted favors from people like William Tomasso, a contractor who also did
business with the state. That may be sufficient to trigger a criminal
prosecution into bid-rigging, according to one of the many criminal defense
lawyers involved in the investigation. but would be unlikely to rise to the type
of "serious'' crime that the governor's legal team would like to see as the
standard for impeachment.

''If Billy Tomasso thought John Rowland was a good friend and needed a vacation
in Vermont, then shame on the governor,'' said the lawyer, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity. The remedy for that indiscretion is not impeachment, he
said, "the remedy for that is don't vote for him.''

In putting forth a series of arguments over what constitutes impeachable
conduct, Mr. Rowland's legal team may also be seeking to delay the proceedings.
In the cover letter to the memorandum, Mr. Rowland's counsel, Ross H. Garber
urges the committee to consider holding a public hearing to debate what standard
of impeachable conduct is applicable. But Mr. Garber insists that such a hearing
''will not in any way delay or impede'' the committee's work.

The last -- and only -- time that Connecticut convened an impeachment panel was
in 1983 in the case of a Hartford probate judge, James H. Kinsella, who was
accused of mishandling the estate of a wealthy widow. Judge Kinsella resigned
before the House could vote on impeachment.

Jacob Zeldes, who was the special counsel to the legislative committee that
recommended impeaching Judge Kinsella, concluded at the time that the lack of
guidance in the State Constitution as to what makes an impeachable offense
suggested that the state process was meant to mimic the federal approach. There,
an elected official can be removed for ''high crimes and misdemeanors, '' which
Mr. Zeldes interpreted as more than just criminal conduct. It was, he said, part
of a broader category of conduct that included abuse of the public trust.

Mr. Rowland's lawyers argue that the Kinsella case is a poor precedent for what
should now happen to the governor, a Republican who is serving his third term.

They point out that unlike a judge, who is allowed to remain in office during
impeachment proceedings, the governor would have to step aside once he is
formally accused by the state's House of Representatives. He would be allowed to
resume office only if he were acquitted by the State Senate. Thus, Mr. Rowland's
lawyers argue in the memorandum that the stakes are much higher, and that House
members considering whether to vote impeachment charges against Mr. Rowland
should have to apply a standard of conduct as strict as whatever the State
Senate will adopt to convict.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. John G. Rowland of Connecticut, who is in his third term.
(Photo by Linda Spillers for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                               Australian Edition

Manhattan hotel group asks US court to remove 1MDB-accused financier

BYLINE: PETER GRANT, BRADLEY HOPE

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 448  words


The US Justice Department and New York property developer Steven Witkoff have
asked a federal court to approve a plan to remove a financier accused in an
international fraud from the group that owns the financially troubled Park Lane
Hotel in Manhattan.

The move is part of a broader effort launched last year by the Justice
Department to seize assets held by Jho Low, the financier and a confidant of
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. Both have been linked by U S prosecutors
to hundreds of millions of dollars -allegedly siphoned from state -investment
fund 1 Malaysia Development Berhad, or 1MDB.

Neither has been charged with a crime in connection with the 1MDB matter. A
spokesman for Mr Low didn't respond to a request for comment. He hasn't
addressed the Justice Department's charges but in the past has denied wrongdoing
. Mr Najib has denied wrongdoing and has said investigations of the 1MDB fund
are an effort to smear him politically.

The attempted asset seizure has cast a cloud over the Park Lane Hotel, a
46-storey hotel overlooking New York's Central Park that had been Mr Low's
splashiest investment in the US and is the largest asset being sought by the US
in its case against Mr Low.

Mr Low's 55 per cent stake in the hotel is one of the many assets purchased with
what the Justice Department believes were proceeds from an allegedly
multibillion-dollar fraud that spanned the globe and is under investigation in
multiple countries. The government has said it wants to take control of Mr Low's
assets, sell them and return the money to the Malaysian people.

The Justice Department and Mr Witkoff on Monday filed a joint motion in Los
Angeles federal court asking for approval of their plan to stabilise the ailing
hotel and set up a process for selling Mr Low's stake in the property.

If approved, the plan would enable a group of investors led by Mr Witkoff to
shore up the hotel's finances and move forward with development plans. The
process of selling Mr Low's "complex and valuable" stake would take many months,
court papers revealed.

An investor group led by Mr Witkoff, along with Mr Low, bought the Park Lane in
2013 from the estate of Leona Helmsley in a deal that valued the trophy property
at $US654 million.Mr Witkoff's group, which includes other marquee names in New
York real estate such as developer Harry Macklowe and Howard Lorber, chairman of
brokerage Douglas Elliman, purchased the property with an eye towards converting
it to luxury apartments. The group's plans were stalled when the federal
government began its action to seize Mr Low's assets. That effectively froze out
the owners and made state government approval of their conversion plan unlikely.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

WVU denies any wrongdoing

BYLINE: Alex Lang, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


June 08--WVU denied allegations made by a former procurement officer and asked
the suit be dismissed as the proper legal remedy wasn't followed.

Mark Stewart, a former associated director in the Procurement, Contracting and
Payment Services Department, sued WVU's Board of Governors in Monongalia County
Circuit Court. He stated he was fired because he raised concerns about practices
and was eventually terminated because of his objections.

Among the allegations:

Misleading and incomplete information provided to the WVU Board of Governors
with regard to project costs and details, which were submitted with the intent
to receive approval from the BOG.

Practices of senior officials of the department with the objective to avoid
bidding and funding regulations and requirements.

Misappropriation and misuse of public and/or WVU funds.

Manipulation of purchasing orders involving research contractors, which was done
to avoid tax implications of the Internal Revenue Service, and to further avoid
state and federal regulations regarding the use of public funds.

Unauthorized approval of change orders to contracts involving the expenditure of
public and/or WVU funds.

This week WVU filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit.

According to the filing: The university denied the allegations, but there is no
reason for a full-blown court case because of whistle-blower legal rules.

The initial complaint was filed under claims of whistle-blower law -- but an
amended complaint omitted those claims. WVU argues the whistle-blower law is the
only remedy in which public employees can sue for retaliation and wrongful
discharge.

The filing also notes that the law has a 180-day statute of limitations and
Stewart filed his lawsuit almost a year after he his employment was terminated.

___ (c)2016 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160608-MV-WVU-denies-any-wrongdoing-0608-20160608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2016 The Dominion Post


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

NCHSAA: Richmond cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Shawn Stinson, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 316 words


May 05--CHAPEL HILL -- One of the schools in the Southeastern Conference was
recently investigated by the North Carolina High School Athletic Association for
student-athletic participation issues.

The inquiry centered on the Richmond County Senior High School softball program.
Que Tucker, the NCHSAA's deputy executive director, said a phone tip alerted the
organization of a possible infraction.

"We received an anonymous phone call as well as a phone call from Lumberton,"
Tucker said. "We asked Lumberton to send us their information from the
scoresheet."

The issue focused on the amount of games softball players participated in within
a seven-day span. Moving junior varsity players to the varsity roster raised
questions about the status of some student-athletes. The anonymous caller
accused athletes of playing in too many games.

"Athletes are allowed to play in four games in a week," Tucker said. "Even if
they are just dressed and sitting on the bench, it counts as a contest played."

Richmond athletics director Kevin Mabe said the school eagerly cooperated with
the NCHSAA to get the issue put to rest in a timely fashion.

"We took care of it with them and satisfied them," Mabe said. "We didn't do
anything wrong."

According to Tucker, the NCHSAA was unable to prove the allegations and the
investigation is closed.

"The lineup sheet we received didn't give any information," Tucker said. "Based
upon what we have heard and learned, everything was OK and what was reported was
legitimate."

Sports editor Shawn Stinson can be reached at (910) 272-6111 or
sstinson@heartlandpublications.com

To see more of The Robesonian, go to http://www.robesonian.com/. Copyright (c)
2011, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110505-QK-NCHSAA-Richmond-cleared-of-wrongdoing-0505-20110505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2011 The Robesonian


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                           September 7, 2002 Saturday

A matter of right and wrong

BYLINE: Mike Rappaport

LENGTH: 989 words


In a climate of corporate wrongdoing, business schools tackle ethics

In a climate of corporate wrongdoing, business schools tackle ethics

Staff Writer

QUALCOMM. Enron. Arthur Andersen.

Those names are familiar to people both inside and outside the business world -
primarily for their roles in corporate scandals over the past several months.

But they're also important names to a new generation of business students, who
will spend a great deal of time studying their cases and others like them as
business schools adjust to a new way of teaching their curriculum.

For some, the adjustment is very minor.

"From the very beginning, our school has been focused on val ues and corporate
integrity," said Cornelis de Kluyver, dean and professor of management at the
Peter F. Drucker Graduate School of Management at Clare mont Graduate
University. "This has been our focus all the way, the theme in every thing we
do."

The Drucker School emphasizes its approach in its motto: "A Different School of
Thought."

In all of its courses, the school asks students to consider more than just the
bottom line when making decisions.

"We want them to think about the morality and ethics of their decisions when
considering what they might do," de Kluy ver said. "That's our philosoph ical
bent, so while you might see some schools add a special course or section in
response to these scandals, this is not just a Band-Aid for us."

That approach isn't universal among business schools, al though many of the best
ones do teach more than just reading profit and loss statements.

A 1999 survey by the World Re sources Institute and the Aspen Institute's
Initiative for Social Innovation through Business sent to all 313 North American
schools with graduate business programs drew only 60 respons es showing activity
on environ mental or social issues.

If social and environmental con cerns were issues in 1999, three years later the
question is whether the Gordon Gekko "Greed is good" mantra of the '80s is now
passe.

"I sense a great interest in ethi cal studies among our graduate students," said
Stan Deal, a pro fessor of accounting at Azusa Pacific University. "These are
the students who will be out in the business world within two years and they
will be inherit ing the fallout of all these cor porate scandals."

Deal said shocking things have happened in the last couple of years that few
could have pre dicted.

"It's obvious that there are cy cles in business, and things that are important
in one de cade may subside in others," he said. "But the magnitude of what is
happening now is un like anything I have ever seen. Arthur Andersen was one of
the most conservative firms out there, one of the Big Five ac counting firms.
For them to dis solve in a matter of months is almost unbelievable."

At Cal Poly Pomona, the curric ulum is undergoing a review as part of the
accreditation pro cess. Some courses are being added and others are having
ethical issues re-emphasized.

"These things have been part of our curriculum all along," said Lynn Turner,
associate dean of business administration. "They're getting more attention now
because events have com pelled us to give them more."

In the short run, that translates into an introductory course in ethics for
accounting majors. Cal Poly also offers a course in philosophy and business
ethics through the philosophy depart ment that many business ma jors take.

"Ethical issues are also ad dressed in courses all our busi ness majors take,"
Turner said. "We offer a course in emerging issues in management that deals with
current issues, and right now those current issues are ethics. We ask our
students to look at all the implications - a business perspective, a socio
political perspective, a legal perspective and an ethical per spective."

If schools are playing catch-up on ethics, de Kluyver calls it a result of 20
years of the entire country focusing only on share holders.

"We have worked to set a dif ferent tone," he said. "We teach people that this
is about all stakeholders in an issue and urge them to take a broader ap proach
to society."

The University of La Verne is another school that has made ethics a focus of its
undergrad uate and graduate programs al most since the Gekko days.

"We decided in 1991 to include ethics and values in every course we teach," said
Rita Thakur, a professor of business management. "If you look at ULV, values
orientation has al ways been a very important as pect of our mission."

Thakur teaches an undergradu ate course in business ethics, and she says her
students this fall are doing projects on Qual comm, Andersen, Enron and the
Roman Catholic Church, among others.

"People will bring their projects in and we will discuss them in class," she
said. "We'll look at what happened, what needs to be changed and the values is
sues involved."

She also teaches a graduate course in corporate social re sponsibility, one she
says is popular with older students.

"The majority of our graduate students come to us from the working world," she
said. "They are very much into it, because these issues have had a huge impact
on them."

In the end, de Kluyver says, be ing in business is about more than making money
and maxi mizing earnings for sharehold ers.

"The really important question is how you make that money," he said. "Yes, you
are there to create value for shareholders, but you are also there for your
customers and other stakehold ers, and besides, shareholders are loyal for about
an hour and a half."

What schools are trying to teach their students is that do ing things right
matters.

"One thing a CEO can control is how he treats his custom ers," de Kluyver said.
"We try to teach our students that if they do the right thing, profits will
flow. If you do all things right, the reward is profitabili ty. It's not the
other way around."

Mike Rappaport can be reached at [909] 483-8556.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Inside trade investigation expands;
A day after F.B.I. raids, subpoenas are issued to hedge and mutual funds

BYLINE: BY PETER LATTMAN AND AZAM AHMED

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

The subpoenas were issued Tuesday to the hedge fund SAC Capital Advisers and two
mutual funds, Wellington Management and Janus Capital Group, a day after the
F.B.I. raided three hedge funds.

FULL TEXT

SAC Capital Advisors, the hedge fund giant run by the billionaire investor
Steven A. Cohen, has received an ''extraordinarily broad'' subpoena from the
U.S. authorities, according to a letter the fund sent to its investors.

Two large mutual funds, Wellington Management and Janus Capital Group, have also
received subpoena requests seeking a wide range of information.

The disclosures Tuesday of the latest round of subpoenas came a day after F.B.I.
agents raided three hedge funds as part of an investigation into insider trading
on Wall Street.

No one at the firms raided or handed subpoenas Monday has been accused of
wrongdoing.

The government's three-year investigation into insider trading has resulted in
the issuing of dozens of subpoenas to money management firms. These subpoenas,
which seek documents and other communications, can assist investigators in
identifying potential wrongdoing and building their cases before a grand jury.
The latest round of requests came as the government appeared to be finishing its
investigation.

''It would not be unusual to save for last the collection of documents from the
parties that the government is most interested in,'' said Mark C. Zauderer, a
lawyer at Flemming Zulack Williamson Zauderer. ''The documents allow the
government to focus on their most likely witnesses and possible targets.''

In the SAC letter to investors, it defended itself against any accusations that
might stem from the inquiry it received Monday and told investors it was likely
to remain muted on the subject publicly.

''Neither the subpoena nor any other information of which we are aware suggests
that anyone at SAC has engaged in any wrongdoing,'' the letter said. ''As you
will surely appreciate, we will be a bit constrained in future comments.''

An SAC spokesman declined to comment.

The subpoena for Wellington Management did not seem to single out specific
information, said the person with knowledge of the letter, who spoke on
condition of anonymity.

Janus Capital acknowledged the inquiry and said it intended ''to cooperate
fully.''

''Janus maintains rigorous compliance procedures, and Janus has confidence in
the integrity of its processes and its people,'' said Shelley Peterson, a Janus
spokeswoman.

Two of the hedge funds raided Monday - Level Global Investors of New York and
Diamondback Capital Management of Stamford, Connecticut - are controlled by
alumni of SAC Capital Advisors.

The third firm raided was Loch Capital Management, a hedge fund in Boston
focused on technology investments.

Spokesmen for Level Global and Diamondback confirmed that the F.B.I. had
searched their offices and said their firms were cooperating. A lawyer for Loch
did not respond to requests for comment.

The insider trading investigation is being led by Preet Bharara, the U.S.
attorney for the southern district of New York. A little more than a year ago,
Mr. Bharara's office brought insider trading charges against Raj Rajaratnam, the
co-founder of the Galleon Group hedge fund.

Mr. Rajaratnam is fighting the charges and is expected to go on trial early next
year.

There have been 23 arrests and 14 guilty pleas in the Galleon case, which
prosecutors have called the largest hedge fund insider-trading investigation in
history.

Part of the recent investigations has explored the relationship between research
analysts and Wall Street.

John Kinnucan, a principal at Broadband Research in Portland, Oregon, said
Tuesday that he had been approached at his home by U.S. agents who accused him
of producing inappropriate research for clients. He said that the agents had
asked him to wear a hidden microphone but that he had declined.

The next day, Mr. Kinnucan sent an e-mail to warn his clients, including SAC,
Janus Capital and Wellington Management.

Mr. Kinnucan, who has not been charged with any wrongdoing, said any insider
trading accusations were unfounded. He said the work he did was no different
from what many in his industry do on a regular basis, underlining the fine line
between good research and insider information.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 18, 2011 Monday

St. Paul whistleblower costs CVS drug chain $17.5 million

BYLINE: By Christopher Snowbeck csnowbeck@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 731 words


When she worked at the CVS store in St. Paul's Payne-Phalen neighborhood,
pharmacist Stephani LeFlore heard allegations that a rival company had been
overbilling Medicaid and wondered about the billing practices of her own
employer.

After doing some digging, LeFlore filed a whistleblower lawsuit in 2008 that was
joined by the U.S. Justice Department and ultimately settled last week. CVS
Pharmacy Inc. admitted no wrongdoing in the matter but agreed to pay $17.5
million.

It's the second time in four years that a major drug store chain has agreed to
settle charges about alleged Medicaid overbilling initiated by pharmacists in
the Twin Cities. In 2008, Illinois-based Walgreen paid $9.9 million to settle
similar charges brought by a whistleblower pharmacist at one of the company's
stores in South Minneapolis.

"When publicity hit for the Walgreen settlement, that's what opened her eyes,"
said Brian Wojtalewicz, an attorney for LeFlore, who could not be reached for
comment Monday.

As the whistleblower, LeFlore, 36, of Minneapolis, will receive nearly $2.6
million as part of the settlement, the Justice Department said last week. On
Monday, Minnesota officials said the settlement also would bring the state
Medicaid program, which is called Medical Assistance, about $125,000.

CVS Caremark Inc., the Rhode Island-based parent company of the pharmacy chain,
denied any wrongdoing.

"CVS pharmacy did not intentionally overcharge any state Medicaid program," the
company said. CVS said it "settled the matter to avoid the expense and
uncertainty of protracted litigation."

LeFlore alleged the pharmacy where she worked overcharged the state when filling
prescriptions for patients who had both Medical Assistance and private insurance
coverage for their medicines.

In those cases, CVS was supposed to charge the Medical Assistance program the
amount that a patient typically would make as a co-payment under their private
insurance. Instead, CVS often collected a larger amount, LeFlore alleged, by
billing the state for the difference between the traditional Medicaid payment
for a given medication and the discounted rate actually paid by the private
insurance company.

LeFlore's lawsuit, which was filed under seal in 2008, offered an example from
the pharmacy where she worked at 810 Maryland Ave.

In August 2008, the store filled a prescription for which the Medical Assistance
program should have been billed just $22. Instead, CVS billed the state $26.75,
the lawsuit alleged.

That $4.75 overpayment might not sound like much, Wojtalewicz said, but the
dollars added up because of the volume of prescriptions filled.

"Many thousands of these false claims have been submitted by CVS Caremark stores
for Medicaid payment from the past to the present and continuing," LeFlore
alleged in her lawsuit, which was filed in federal court for the Western
District of Wisconsin.

"Through lack of personnel, advanced technological equipment and especially the
lack of knowledge and access to information from CVS Caremark, the state
Medicaid agencies have failed to detect this fraud."

It's hard to say how much money CVS might have collected by way of alleged
overpayments, Wojtalewicz said. He said that by one calculation, the $17.5
million settlement works out to about 1.5 times the alleged overpayments.

Leflore still works for CVS, although Wojtalewicz said he wouldn't disclose
where.

Under the settlement terms, the federal government will receive $6.7 million
while Minnesota and nine other states will receive about $8.2 million.

CVS also amended an existing corporate integrity agreement with the government
to monitor the pharmacy chain's implementation of correct billing procedures.
There also will be regular audits and reports on the company's compliance with
federal rules.

"Medicaid covers the poorest, most vulnerable people in American society," said
Daniel Levinson, inspector general of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services. "Overcharging this needed government program for prescriptions is a
disservice to everyone, and won't be tolerated."

The case that raised LeFlore's suspicions was flagged by a pharmacist at a
Walgreen on Hiawatha Avenue in Minneapolis. The 2008 settlement of that case
generated nearly $1.47 million for the state, said Ben Wogsland, a spokesman for
Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson.

Christopher Snowbeck can be reached at 651-228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2009 file photo, a CVS pharmacy sign is seen
opposite the interior of one of the CVS locations, in Providence, R.I. CVS
Caremark Corp. said Wednesday, July 28, 2010, it struck a large pharmacy benefit
management services contract with health insurer Aetna Inc., and says its profit
fell 7 percent in the second quarter. (AP Photo/Steven Senne, file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 18, 2010 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Fund-raiser focus of Price complaint;
He, 7 others in House face ethics questions.;
Roswell representative denies wrongdoing, says charge is without merit.

BYLINE: Bob Keefe; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 508 words


WASHINGTON --- A day before voting against financial industry reform
legislation, Republican U.S. Rep. Tom Price of Roswell held a luncheon where he
sought up to $2,500 in campaign donations from political action committees and
lobbyists representing banks and other financial companies, records show.

The fund-raiser, held at the Washington insider restaurant Capitol Hill Club,
came in a month in which Price received tens of thousands in campaign
contributions from banking groups and other PACs that had a stake in the
legislation.

The day-before-the-vote fund-raiser and a flurry of contributions from financial
services interests are apparently what's at the center of an ethics review that
the House Office of Congressional Ethics recently launched involving Price and
seven other House members.

In a statement this week, Price denied any wrongdoing.

"The initiation of the preliminary review by the OCE to determine whether
political contributions may have influenced my vote in favor of a smaller, more
responsible government is without any merit whatsoever," Price said.

He said his vote against the Democratic-led financial reform plan on Dec. 11 was
consistent with his voting record.

A spokesman for the Office of Congressional Ethics, a nonpartisan investigative
branch of Congress, declined to comment, as is its policy.

The OCE regularly opens investigations into lawmakers, but also frequently
closes them without taking action.

If the OCE finds evidence of wrongdoing, it can recommend further investigation
by the House Committee on Standards, which has the authority to sanction House
members.

In December, Price, a member of the House Financial Services Committee, raised
about $29,000 from financial PACs and interests groups, according to the Public
Campaign Action Fund, a nonpartisan group that is critical of PACs.

"Rep. Price took thousands of dollars of special interest cash and voted their
way, leaving voters wondering who he really represents in Washington, D.C.,"
said David Donnelly, national campaigns director for the group.

Federal Election Commission records show that in the weeks before the vote,
Price received donations from the American Financial Services PAC, the National
Association of Credit Unions PAC and PACs affiliated with the banks and
accounting firms such as Bank of America, Credit Suisse First Boston, Deloitte &
Touche and KPMG.

The OCE is the same body that launched an investigation into Republican U.S.
Rep. Nathan Deal that sped up his decision to retire and focus on his race for
the governor's office.

It also has investigated other members of Georgia's delegation --- some of whom
defended Price on Thursday.

Democratic Rep. Hank Johnson of Lithonia, who faced an OCE inquiry over a trip
to Norway, said the OCE can launch an investigation into an ethics complaint
without ever saying where the complaint originated. Once under investigation, he
said, a House member has to devote hours of time, hire attorneys and can be left
with a political strike against them regardless of the inquiry's outcome.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Aljazeera.net

                              June 19, 2009 Friday

Stanford charged over $8bn fraud

LENGTH: 326 words



Texas billionaire Allen Stanford has been charged with fraud and obstruction
over what US prosecutors say was an $8 billion scheme to defraud investors.
Stanford, three executives from his Antigua bank and an Antigua regulator are
set to appear a Virginia court later on Friday, the US Justice Department said.


The 59-year-old, who denies any wrongdoing, had surrendered to FBI agents in the
US state of Virginia on Thursday.
The indictment charges Stanford and other executives at Stanford Financial Group
of being responsible for "the movement of millions of dollars of fraudulently
obtained investors' funds from and among bank accounts".
Robert Gibbs, the White House spokesman, said on Friday the indictments were in
response to the alleged "outsized greed" that had robbed millions of people of
their savings and created "part of a culture that led us to parts of the
economic disaster that we've seen in this country".
However Dick DeGuerin, Stanford's lawyer, said his client was "confident that a
fair jury will find him not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing."
'Massive Ponzi scheme'
US authorities allege in the indictment that the firm would give money to some
investors "to perpetuate the false appearance that (Stanford's business) was
financially sound."
The charges related to an alleged scam dating back to September 1999 which
continued until about February 17 this year, when Stanford's banking empire
collapsed.
A grand jury in Houston, Texas has been investigating Stanford Financial Group,
whose headquarters in the city were raided in February by federal authorities
when the sprawling financial empire collapsed.
The company's assets were also frozen, along with the flamboyant cricket mogul's
personal accounts.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has charged that Stanford operated
a "massive Ponzi scheme" by paying investors returns on deposit certificates
using money from other investors rather than any investment gains.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                  Copyright 2009 Aljazeera.net - Aljazeera.net
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                   August 14, 2002 Wednesday Ontario Edition

Brief

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 727 words

Value of Canada's mergers, acquisitions tumbles 40%

The value of mergers and acquisitions involving Canadian companies fell 40 per
cent in the second quarter to a three-year low, as sagging stock markets
discouraged takeovers, Crosbie & Co. said.

The securities firm counted 254 announced takeovers in the quarter worth $22.3
billion, down from $37.2 billion in the year-earlier period and 19 per cent less
than the first quarter's $27.6 billion.

The value of transactions in the latest period is the lowest since the second
quarter of 1999, as falling stock markets make it harder for companies to use
their stock as currency.

RBC subsidiary settles

RBC Dain Rauscher Corp. agreed to pay $500,000 (U.S.) to settle regulatory
charges that it failed to disclose the risks of investing in the securities of
Orange County, Calif., in 1993 and 1994.

The Securities and Exchange Commission alleged that the Minneapolis-based
brokerage sold the municipal bonds of six Orange County municipalities and
school systems without telling investors that their money would be used to buy
risky derivative securities. When the derivatives plunged in value, Orange
County lost $1.7 billion and filed for bankruptcy in 1994.

Royal Bank of Canada, is the parent company of brokerages RBC Dain Rauscher and
Tucker Anthony Sutro. RBC Dain Rauscher neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing.

Record U.S. court filings

U.S. corporations set a record for bankruptcy-court filings this year after US
Airways Group Inc. sought protection from its creditors Sunday. Assets of
publicly traded companies filing for creditor protection have reached $267.6
billion (U.S.), about $434 billion (Canadian) this year, according to
BankruptcyData.com, as accounting scandals and crippling debt toppled some of
America's biggest firms.

Magna passes U.S. review

Magna International Inc.'s acquisition of a Michigan-based car-mirror maker has
cleared an antitrust review in the United States, the auto parts giant said
yesterday.

Magna, based in Aurora, announced in late June it would buy Donnelly Corp., a
97-year-old manufacturer of high-tech mirrors, in a deal worth as much as $415
million (U.S.)

Citigroup subpoenaed

A U.S. House committee issued a subpoena yesterday to Citigroup in an
investigation of whether the banking giant offered potentially lucrative stock
to executives of WorldCom Inc.

Congressman Michael Oxley of Ohio, chairman of the House Financial Services
Committee, said the panel subpoenaed Citigroup because of its incomplete
response to a July 23 request for documents. The committee is probing whether
Citigroup's investment division, Salomon Smith Barney, and Salomon telecom
industry analyst Jack Grubman gave clients such as WorldCom special access to
shares of new stock offerings.

"We will continue to co-operate with the inquiry," Salomon spokesperson Arda
Nazerian said.

Lawsuit demands tire recall

A California lawyer filed a lawsuit yesterday demanding Bridgestone Corp.'s U.S.
unit recall 27.5 million Steeltex tires that allegedly suffer from tread
separation similar to that which led to a massive recall of its tires two years
ago.

The California suit seeks class-action status and could cost
Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. as much as $4.32 billion to recall Steeltex R4S,
R4SII and A/T tires. A company spokesperson said the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration found no defects in tests of the tires.

FDA rejects Axcan drug

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration won't approve Axcan Pharma Inc.'s ulcer
drug Helicide for sale in the United States until it reviews inspection
procedures at one of the Quebec drug producer's plants, the company said
yesterday.

While "no safety or efficacy issues were raised" about the drug, Axcan said,
"FDA inspection-related issues remain outstanding at one of the five
manufacturing sites involved in the production of Helicide." The company said it
will respond to the concerns by Oct. 31.

Enbridge, Home Depot deal

Enbridge Home Services and Home Depot Inc. have struck an agreement to have
Enbridge staff sell heating and air conditioning equipment and installation
services from sales desks in Home Depot stores in and around Toronto. Purchases
can be financed either through Home Depot or Enbridge, the companies said.


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP PHOTO Hot wheels PT DREAM CRUISER##CARLOS OSORIO#AP#AP#@*@*
EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE UNTIL AUG. 13, 8 AM @*@* DaimlerChyrsler AG's Chrysler
Group President and CEO, Dieter Zetsche, poses with a 2003 PT Dream Cruiser
Series 2 in Royal Oak, Mich., July 31, 2002. This PT Cruiser is bathed in bright
tangerine pearl coat paint and bejeweledt with chrome bodyside moldings. (AP
Photo/Carlos Osorio)

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 8, 2013 Friday

Audit: Little planning, no wrongdoing

BYLINE: Laura B. Martinez, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 995 words


March 08--An audit conducted on the Brownsville Sports Park found more than $35
million has been spent on its development, about $25 million more than the
roughly $10 million it was budgeted for.

However, officials with the Brownsville Community Development Corp. said the
audit revealed the $10 million figure was a number that was floated around, but
was never a set cost.

"What the auditors found was in fact that there was never a $10 million budget.
There was just $10 million that BCIC could borrow at the beginning. ...
Unfortunately for us that $10 million became the number that everyone talked
about," BCIC Director Rachel Flores said.

The audit found no misappropriation of assets or misuse of funds, but it did
find no proper policies or procedures were in place to assure that the BCIC was
handling the project properly.

"In our review of documentation, we found that the (prior) BCIC (board) did not
have any written purchasing policies or procedures that were to be followed in
procuring goods and services."

The Brownsville Community Improvement Corp. released the audit shortly before 10
p.m. Wednesday, more than six months after the board hired the Houston-based
firm Whitley Penn to conduct it.

"The purpose of this review was to gain a better understanding of why costs
escalated so quickly and more importantly what safeguards and changes need to be
implemented to ensure better control of future investments and projects," BCIC
Chair Rose M.Z. Gowen said in a news release.

The BCIC also stated the review of the Sports Park is the latest effort made by
the current board to revamp and improve the organization. It has amended its
bylaws, limiting the number of commission members on the board "in order to
create a better system of checks and balances."

"The board is just overall happy to be able to clarify a lot of things.
Obviously we are happy that in essence there was no fraud, or misappropriation
or any sort of illicit activity in it," Flores said.

"The most important takeaway for us is the management, the budget and the
project and the transition between boards and their individual board objectives
be better managed. It's alarming but also good to know where to start fixing the
problem," she added.

Mayor Tony Martinez, while not on the City Commission at the time of the Sports
Park planning, said the report is a telling one and should be a teaching and
learning lesson for future projects.

"It was a telling report and it really is disheartening in some ways because it
sure would have been a lot more efficient had we had some policies in place,"
the mayor said.

"We need to have reports; we need to know what it is going on. You can't just go
free spending," Martinez said. "I was not happy with what the results show."

Flores said the prior BCDC board members were not given carte blanche, which she
called "a misconception." The policies and the bidding process were in place to
prevent overspending, she said.

"It's not like everyone was spending wild, it was that our objectives and goals
changed from board to board," she said. "We did bid out the majority of the
projects."

The project just seemed to bloom as the BCIC board members changed every two to
five years after the park project began in 2002.

"One board might have had one set plan and then a new board comes and feels, 'We
are going to change it,' so without an over-arching master plan, which is what
we deviated from in the first place and never came back to it in full, that's
what went wrong," Flores said.

The installation of bleachers, bathrooms and concessions in 2011 prompted the
decision to request an audit, officials said.

The board had questions about the implementation of this particular project and
decided to conduct an audit and look at the Sports Park in its entirety.

The 4B Sales Tax Development Corp. is not required to follow state procurement
laws, according to the report, and in BCIC's administrative agreement with the
city of Brownsville, there was no indication if BCIC established that it would
follow the city's purchasing policy.

The report said the Sports Park project was of great "magnitude" and that there
was no effective management of it since those in charge were not "dedicated full
time to the project."

"The amount of changes made during the construction phase of the Sports Park is
a symptom that the project was not well planned from the original design phase
through construction. The change orders, which included 53 items to increase the
contract amount for phase 1a and phase 1b with Spaw Glass, came to over $4.4
million," it states.

Flores said Spaw Glass went through the bidding process.

The audit also found the prior BCIC in charge of the Sports Park project was
spending most of the money on it, and was "fully aware of the increases in cost
of the project and the amounts being spent as this project progressed."

The city also was aware of the project, the audit stated.

The report also stated that the BCIC was within its authority approving and
spending the resources under the Development Corporation Act.

"We are in a period of transition and we are taking these projects very, very
seriously," Flores said.

lmartinez@brownsvilleherald.com

Construction Costs for Sports Park

--Land: $2,041,990

--Park construction: $24,431,154

--Reimbursement for services: $1,742,339

--Architects and engineers: $1,616,069

--Lighting: $1,499,206

--Artificial playing turf: $293,997

--Volleyball courts: $432,213

--Park construction by contractors: $550,255

--Park improvements: $1,279,330

--Park improvements -- bleachers: $964,363

--Other park improvements: $119,061

--Public Utilities Board: $224,696

--Cost of debt insurance and underwriters discount: $533,051

--Other costs: $267,113

--Less reimbursement from PUB: ($586,182)

Total: $35,408,655

Source: Brownsville Sports Park Audit

___ (c)2013 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130308-BV-Audit-Little-planning-no-wrongdoing-0308-20130308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2013 The Brownsville Herald


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 15, 2012 Saturday

A.G. accuses doctor of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Glenn Puit, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


Sept. 15--CADILLAC -- A doctor who operates a Cadillac-based medical marijuana
clinic faces accusations from the Michigan Attorney General's Office that he did
not maintain patient records and failed to properly evaluate patients.

State officials filed the complaint on Aug. 30 against Edward L. Harwell, owner
and operator of Triple M Clinics, 201 N. Mitchell St. Harwell also owns and
operates the Liberty Clinic, 2500 Packard Ave., in Ann Arbor.

John Wright, an assistant attorney general with the Licensing and Regulation
Division of the Attorney General's Office, alleged that Harwell failed to
require patients to produce medical records and failed to maintain those
records. Wright alleges negligence, incompetence, a lack of good moral
character, failure to respond to a subpoena, failure to maintain medical records
and "promotion for personal gain of an unnecessary drug."

Harwell declined to comment when contacted by a Record-Eagle reporter.

The complaint states Harwell is licensed by the American Board of Radiology and
the American Board of Nuclear Medicine. The primary purpose of Harwell's
clinics, the attorney general states, is "to certify interested persons for the
Michigan Medical Marihuana Program."

"Respondent charges $150 for first time applicants and $100 for renewals,"
Wright wrote. "When he first began performing evaluations for the (program,) he
charged $250 for persons who did not bring medical records to the first visit
and $200 if a person did. Respondent no longer requires prior medical records
when evaluating persons."

Harwell has 30 days to respond to the complaint and show he's in compliance with
state licensing rules for doctors.

___ (c)2012 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120915-ZK-A-G-accuses-doctor-of-wrongdoing-0915-20120915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2012 The Record-Eagle


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

Home health agency denies wrongdoing in case of ABC news 'undercover grandma'

BYLINE: Elizabeth Findell, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


March 03--PHARR--Leaders of the Morning Star Home Care Inc. responded Friday to
allegations they were involved in a Medicare fraud scheme involving a woman who
turned out to be an "undercover grandma" for ABC News.

An ABC News report this week accused local internist Dr. Padmini Bhadriraju of
fraud after it sent the 82-year-old Doris Ace--the grandmother of one of the
producers--to see her and said she was diagnosed with conditions she didn't
have. The news report indicated Bhadriraju's clinic was in McAllen, but it is
actually the Harmony Internal Medicine and Adult Clinic in Pharr.

The report showed footage of forms with the Morning Star Home Care logo and a
statement from Bhadriraju's attorneys Thursday blamed any diagnostic errors on
the home care agency. The agency's leaders denied those claims.

"There was no fraud," said Administrator Estela Sotelo, who founded Morning Star
at 300 E. Nolana in 2008.

A referral form the ABC investigation highlighted claimed Ace had diabetes,
which is written on Morning Star letterhead but signed by Bhadriraju, was
clearly in error, but just an initial form that had nothing to do with Medicare
billing, Sotelo said.

"This is not the final order--this is the initial order to knock on the door and
say 'Hello, I am here to evaluate,'" Sotelo said.

The official form filled out by a Morning Star nurse for Medicare purposes does
not have any mention of diabetes, but does list Ace as being unable to leave
home without aid and having several other afflictions, according to Sotelo's
records.

Sotelo's records indicate Medicare paid her business $388.96 for Ace's
care--partial reimbursement for three $150 home visits.

Sotelo also defended her nurse's assessment that the active, golf-playing Ace
needed assistance "for all activities" and to leave home, saying activity level
did not necessarily indicate whether treatment help is necessary.

But Rachanna Rodriguez, national coordinator for the National Hispanic Senior
Medicare Patrol--an area Medicare watchdog group--said both the doctor's
referral and nurse's report erred in even requiring home health services for
Ace.

"(They're) claiming the patient had a requirement for home health services
that's based on medicinal need, and the first requirement is that you be
homebound," she said.

Rodriguez said her office is "inundated with calls" about abuse of Medicare in
the Valley, and even of home health agencies offering TVs or refrigerators as
incentives for patients to find a need for their services.

Sotelo insisted her business had done nothing wrong and hoped the media
spotlight would prove it in the end.

"I understand the whole purpose of this undercover--I am for it," she said.
"(But) I didn't do it.

"I do not go to sleep at night and plan to defraud the government...We are not
what the nation thinks we are."

Elizabeth Findell covers Pharr, San Juan, Alamo, the Mid-Valley and general
assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at efindell@themonitor.com or
(956) 683-4428.

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120303-MC-Home-health-agency-denies-wrongdoing
-in-case-of-ABC-news-undercover-grandma-0303-20120303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Councilmember Sheedy Responds to Allegations of Wrongdoing

BYLINE: Rowena Lugtu-Shaddox, KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Nov. 01--SACRAMENTO -- "There's always going to be someone who really doesn't
like the results and obviously that's the case here," said City Councilwoman
Sandy Sheedy.

She's talking about results from a poll she conducted and paid for. She posted
those results on her website a week ago today.

"I did the poll because I wanted to see what the people of the city of
Sacramento are feeling about the arena."

And among the 600 registered voters polled...

"They want the right to vote. Seventy-two percent of them want the right to
vote," Sheedy said. "And 75 percent of them want the Kings to pay their loan
back.

But the poll, which Sheedy paid for out of re-election funds, has drawn a lot of
criticism in the media.

A complaint made to the Fair Political Practices Commission is all a mistake,
according to the man who supposedly signed that complaint -- Robert Langdon.

"I sign a lot of petitions. It happened to be..."

"A misunderstanding?" FOX40 asked.

"Something like that," Langdon said. "I wanna withdraw it and everything."

"What was the nature of the petition that you signed," FOX40 said.

"I'm not really familiar," Langdon added.

"Some perceive it to be that maybe you're not too in favor of building an
arena," Fox40 asked Sheedy.

"Not so. Not so at all. I really feel that we could use an arena," Sheedy said.

Critics of the poll, and those who accuse her of undermining the work to build
an arena...

"I guess when you don't agree with the pool, you try to find some loopholes in
it and mike it look bad," Sheedy said.

Still, she makes no apology and says the poll gave voters a voice.

"That's the poll. That's how it was done, and those are the numbers," she added.

___ (c)2011 KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) Visit KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) at
www.fox40.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111101-5KT-Councilmember-Sheedy-Responds-to-Allegations-of-Wrongdoing
-1101-20111101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KT


                                 Copyright 2011


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

Oil trading all about profit with no easy fix for the system.

LENGTH: 699  words


The alleged wrongdoing  concering price fixing in the oil industry primarily
concerns traders making money off other traders.


Raids of oil companies´ offices by European investigators in a surprise
investigation into price manipulation going back as far as 2002. Immediate,
outraged claims by consumer organisations. Last week´s events trigger immediate
memories of great financial frauds such as Enron or last year´s Libor scandal.
The hasty assumption, aided by some sloppy journalism, is that oil companies
have been colluding to raise prices.


Reuters´ Robert Campbell is one of the few to unravel the actual situation,
which is both more complicated, and more interesting. ¬ The investigators
entered the offices of Shell, BP and Statoil, as well as the price reporting
agency Platts. None of these companies has yet been accused of wrongdoing - the
suspicion is rather that traders may have gamed the Platts system. ¬ Oil
producers and users, such as refineries, use the »paper« market to hedge against
the risk of price movements. Without this, oil trade would be almost impossible,
too financially risky even for the largest companies. But by taking a loss on
physical holdings - real oil in ships or tanks - traders could make profits on
much larger paper positions. ¬ The leading crude and refined oil benchmarks -
notably the US´s West Texas Intermediate and UK´s Brent - are sold on regulated
exchanges in New York and London. These exchanges, with tightly specified
products, highly liquid markets and thousands of mutually anonymous
participants, are not vulnerable to the kind of manipulation suspected in last
week´s case. ¬ But many energy products are unique - different oil grades,
delivery points and timings - and may not trade every day, making objective
prices impossible to determine. Reporters from price reporting agencies - Platts
and its main competitor, Argus - talk to traders and apply their judgement and
experience to assess the market. Other than Dubai and Oman, which avoid these
problems by using exchange-based pricing, nearly all Middle East crude exporters
price their sales against such assessments. The agencies cannot compel traders
to talk or to tell the truth; skilled traders can also influence assessments by,
for instance, trading in the »window« late in the day, or offering cargoes that
are physically impossible to deliver. Yet tighter regulation might make markets
even less liquid and so more volatile. ¬ So the alleged wrongdoing primarily
concerns traders making money off other traders. Oil companies´ trading arms are
independent profit centres - indeed, some of the major players, such as Vitol
and Glencore, are trading companies first and foremost. ¬ And traders could
benefit from influencing prices either higher or lower - this would not have
been a systematic attempt to keep prices artificially high. Indeed, The
Economist alleged last May that a large Russian trader was manipulating Russian
prices - down, not up. ¬ On the other hand, illegal activity would increase the
volatility and risk of the oil market and hence increase transaction costs,
which would ultimately be passed on to consumers. So this is not a »victimless
crime« - and the European Commission is entirely justified in going after any
companies or traders shown to have manipulated prices. ¬ Middle Eastern oil
exporters would be worried, not about attempts to push prices up, but to keep
them low, given, for instance, China´s increasing market dominance. ¬ Other than
Oman and Dubai, virtually all the region´s 17 million barrels per day of exports
are referenced against price reporting agencies - not to mention the sizeable
trade in refined oil products. Just a dollar per barrel less would cost the
Middle East US$6 billion per year. ¬ The European Commission´s complex
investigation may drag on for years. Meanwhile, the Middle Eastern oil exporters
are largely passive bystanders. There is no easy fix to the current system, but
they should think hard on how to use their influence to ensure more transparent,
stable, competitive markets.

Robin Mills is the head of consulting at Manaar Energy, and author of The Myth
of the Oil Crisis and Capturing Carbon

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2013 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: SBI finds no wrongdoing in mishandling of evidence

BYLINE: F.T. Norton, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 191 words


Sept. 10--WILMINGTON -- An SBI investigation into the mishandling of evidence at
the Wilmington Police Department has found there was no criminal misconduct,
according to a news release from the WPD.

Wilmington Police Chief Ralph Evangelous and the District Attorney's Office made
the request for the investigation last month after an internal review of the
agency's Crime Scene Investigations Unit turned up several fingerprints that had
not been properly cataloged.

"The District Attorney's Office is satisfied that no crimes were committed and
no cases were affected by any evidence mishandling that was the subject of the
review. The Crime Scene Investigations Unit is responsible for processing and
collecting evidence in criminal investigations," the release states.

While the state's investigation is completed, the WPD's internal investigation
continues, spokeswoman Linda Rawley said. She said thus far no personnel action
has been taken.

Check back later for more on this developing story.

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150910-WG-BRF-SBI-finds-no-wrongdoing
-in-mishandling-of-evidence-0910-20150910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 20, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Feds seek help to stop teacher cheats;
Creating manual on prevention

BYLINE: Greg Toppo, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 380 words


The Obama administration is creating a manual showing how schools can fight
teacher-led cheating on standardized tests, asking educators to help stomp out
"testing irregularities."

The  move comes 10 months after a USA TODAY investigation found high erasure
rates on standardized tests in many District of Columbia public schools, and six
months after Georgia's governor released findings of a major investigation that
found widespread cheating in Atlanta public schools.

The U.S. Department of Education says it will host a symposium on cheating and
publish "best practices" recommendations on how to prevent, detect and respond
to cheating in schools.

The government wants to know, among other things, how school culture plays a
role in cheating and how school districts handle wrongdoing when it's found.

It also wants to know what can be done "to restore the credibility of a school
system that has been tarnished by alleged or actual wrongdoing." It's giving
educators a month to submit their best ideas.

Department spokesman Daren Briscoe says valid student performance  data are
essential and that "even the hint of testing misconduct can undermine school
reform efforts. That's why we're taking every possible step to ensure the
integrity of these data."

The request, in a notice filed Tuesday  in the Federal Register,  comes almost
exactly a decade after President George W. Bush signed the No Child Left Behind
education law, which relies heavily on standardized testing in math and reading.

The USA TODAY probe, published last March, found that 103 D.C. schools had test
erasure rates that indicated possible cheating  from 2008 to 2010.

A few days later, District of Columbia officials reopened a cheating
investigation, and federal Department of Education officials are assisting.

Bob Schaffer of the National Center for Fair and Open Testing, an advocacy
group, says he wonders why the department is "wasting time and money collecting
information that is available from state education agencies, such as Georgia,
which demonstrated how to do a 'best practice' cheating investigation."

"Instead of spinning its wheels," Schaffer said, "the department should make
wrapping up its long-delayed review of test score manipulation in Washington,
D.C., public schools a top priority."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo By Greg Whitesell for USA TODAY Standardized test: Erasures on
tests like this one can indicate cheating.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 1, 2009 Monday

Starbucks settles complaint by labor organizers

BYLINE: By Julie Forster jforster@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 247 words


Starbucks Co. has agreed to settle a complaint from the National Labor Relations
Board that it violated workers' rights.

The federal agency found merit to charges filed in January by the Starbucks
Workers Union that the company engaged in unfair labor practices in actions
taken to thwart organizing efforts in some of its Twin Cities stores.

Under the agreement, Starbucks will post prominent notices in its Twin
Cities-area stores advising workers of their federal civil right to form or join
a union. The postings will state that Starbucks will not interfere in organizing
efforts. The company signed the agreement last week, the NLRB said.

The Seattle-based company did not admit wrongdoing. In a statement, Starbucks
said it believes it would have prevailed if the case had gone to trial but the
cost of litigation could not be justified. Starbucks said it believes its
"discipline policies are applied consistently to all partners without
consideration of actual or perceived union activity."

The union said the company should be required to admit wrongdoing. "We felt that
Starbucks' guilt is clear beyond any shadow of a doubt," said Erik Forman, a
barista at one of the company's Mall of America stores and a union organizer.
The union is affiliated with the Industrial Workers of the World. The NLRB's
Minneapolis office will consider the union's objection as it reviews the
settlement, said Marlin Osthus, an agency regional attorney.

Julie Forster can be reached at 651-228-5189.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 24, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Q & A ON THE NEWS;
Some see tobacco suit settlement as legal milestone

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 09D

LENGTH: 723 words


When the Liggett Group said this month that it will settle its share of a
class-action lawsuit against the tobacco industry, it marked the first time a
tobacco company had agreed to pay anything to settle a smoking lawsuit.

Liggett, the smallest of the nation's major tobacco companies, makes Eve and
Chesterfield cigarettes in Durham, N.C.

Lawyer Kenneth S. Canfield, recently answered questions about the ramifications
of the landmark settlement.

He is a partner with the Atlanta law firm Doffermyre, Shields, Canfield, Knowles
& Devine, which is one of the firms overseeing the massive tobacco class-action
case.

Q: What are the allegations in the class-action lawsuit brought in New Orleans
by the family of Peter Castano against the tobacco companies?

A: Peter Castano tried unsuccessfully to quit smoking for years but simply could
not do so. After he died of lung cancer, his widow brought this case on behalf
of all nicotine-addicted people in the United States.

The suit alleges the tobacco companies fraudulently conceal that nicotine is an
addictive drug and intentionally manipulate the nicotine levels in cigarettes to
keep smokers hooked.

Q: How many potential members of the class are there?

A: The class includes those smokers who are addicted to nicotine, which may
number upwards of 40 million.

Q: What is the status of the lawsuit now?

A: The case has been approved as a class action by a federal judge in New
Orleans. The tobacco companies appealed that decision to the Fifth Circuit Court
of Appeals (in New Orleans), which will hear the arguments in early April.
Limited fact-finding is ongoing at the trial court level pending resolution of
the appeal.

Q: How will the agreement last week by the Liggett Group to settle its part of
the case affect the case in the Fifth Circuit?

A: Liggett will drop its appeal. The rest remains to be seen. One of the key
issues on appeal is whether such a large class action is manageable by the
courts. The plaintiffs contend the settlement proves that handling smokers'
claims as part of a class action is manageable.

Q: In its announced settlement, Liggett broke ranks with other companies in the
industry. What are the terms of the settlement?

A: The settlement agreement is complicated, running over 40 pages. Among other
terms, Liggett will pay 5 percent of its pre-tax profits for 25 years to be used
for addiction research and to help people quit smoking. The company also will
withdraw its objections to certain of the FDA's (U.S. Food and Drug
Administration) proposed restrictions designed to reduce teenage smoking.

Q: How will the addiction research and smoking cessation treatment programs
work?

A: A claims process will be set up to compensate smokers for a portion of the
cost of quitting smoking. An entity called the Castano Center for Tobacco
Control Innovation and Research will be established to administer the research
fund. Many of the details remain to be worked out.

Q: If members of the class-action case decide to accept Liggett's offer, will
they still have other options to pursue claims against the tobacco companies?

A: The settlement does not affect smokers' right to pursue claims against
nonsettling companies. Nor does it release claims for personal injuries such as
lung cancer. Class members will release Liggett from claims related to nicotine
addiction.

Q: Will other defendants (such as RJR Nabisco and Philip Morris) be offered the
same terms as Liggett?

A: The settlement is available to RJR Nabisco if that company is acquired by
Liggett. The same settlement will not be available to other companies, which
have much larger market shares and which have pledged to fight to the end and
did not participate in these settlement talks.

Q: Bennett LeBow, chairman of Liggett's parent company, Brooke Group Ltd., will
try to persuade RJR shareholders next month to spring off that company's tobacco
division.

If he's successful, what would be the significance of that as it relates to the
class-action litigation?

A: The plaintiffs in Castano have promised not to oppose separation of RJR's
tobacco and food divisions. Without such a promise, a separation might not be
achievable. The new RJR tobacco division would join in the settlement negotiated
by Liggett on the same terms.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday

Suit targets Cabela's subsidiary;

BYLINE: MATT OLBERDING

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 686 words


Texan files suit

In a complaint, Scott Anglin of San Antonio says he bought a hunting trip with
South African Barry Burchell through Cabela's Outdoor Adventures in 2002 and
"became a victim of some of Burchell's fraudulent business practices."

A Texas businessman has filed a lawsuit against a Cabela's subsidiary and a
South African hunting guide, alleging they broke several African and U.S. laws
and then conspired to cover it up.

Scott C. Anglin of San Antonio filed the civil suit Monday in U.S. District
Court in Lincoln.

The suit arose from hunting trips to South Africa he booked through Cabela's
Outdoor Adventures that were led by Barry Burchell, a South African, and his
company, Frontier Safaris.

Anglin's complaint says he bought a hunting trip with Burchell through Cabela's
Outdoor Adventures in 2002 and "became a victim of some of Burchell's fraudulent
business practices."

Among the fraudulent practices Anglin alleges are that Burchell applied South
Africa's valueadded tax to items that weren't eligible and kept the proceeds for
himself, used illegal documentation to ship hunting trophies to the United
States and Burchell led hunts on land he did not have permission to take hunters
onto.

The complaint says Anglin reported his suspicions of wrongdoing to unspecified
governmental authorities in 2004 and 2005 and also informed Cabela's Outdoor
Adventures, which, he alleges, conspired with Burchell "to silence the plaintiff
and intimidate him from any further ... disclosures of wrongdoing to authorities
or the public in the United States and in the African states of South Africa and
Namibia."

According to the suit, an attorney from Cabela's threatened to publicize an
"old" and unspecified criminal complaint against Anglin if he went public with
his claims.

Anglin also said in his suit that Burchell and Cabela's Outdoor Adventures
conspired to have Burchell bring a "baseless" defamation suit against him in
2005 in the High Court of South Africa. The suit is pending.

Cabela's spokesman Joe Arterburn said the company does not discuss pending
litigation. But in a deposition earlier this year, Gregg Severinson, head of
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures, said the company heard complaints from hunters in
2009 that they were having problems importing their hunting trophies to the
United States. He said the company at that point chose to end its business
relationship with Burchell.

One of the most serious allegations in Anglin's lawsuit is that many of the
hunts Burchell led were illegal because he did not have the proper permits.

Anglin's suit also alleges that Burchell falsified export documents to attempt
to conceal illegally killed hunting trophies that in some cases included
protected or endangered animals.

In his deposition, Severinson said he was interviewed by agents from the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service who told him they were investigating Burchell. He also
said the agents told him Cabela's Outdoor Adventures was not a target of the
investigation.

Newspapers in Namibia and South Africa have reported that South African
officials and Interpol are investigating Burchell for possible illegal exports
of animal skins. The papers also reported that some hunters had their hunting
trophies confiscated by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agents.

A U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service spokeswoman did not respond to an e-mail
seeking comment.

Anglin filed his suit under the Racketeering Influenced Corrupt Organizations
Act, alleging that his business and property have been damaged by a conspiracy
between Cabela's Outdoor Adventures and Burchell to commit illegal acts and then
use intimidation to attempt to cover them up.

Anglin says in his lawsuit that he has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to
defend himself in the defamation lawsuit and has suffered a "crippling loss" in
his hotel renovation and construction business.

He is seeking almost $1.2 million in damages, which could be tripled, as well as
undetermined damages for emotional distress.

Anglin's attorney, Alan Peterson of Lincoln, declined to comment.

Reach Matt Olberding at 4 02-473-2647 or molberding@ journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

Justice Dept. takes a turn for the better;
Street Scene

BYLINE: WILLIAM D. COHAN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1105 words

ABSTRACT

It may no longer be possible for Wall Street companies to cut deals that allow
individual wrongdoing to be swept under the rug.

FULL TEXT

It took only 16 years, but the Justice Department's horribly misguided ''Holder
Doctrine'' has finally been relegated to the dustbin of history, where it
belongs.

The Holder Doctrine was the name given to a June 1999 memorandum written by Eric
H. Holder Jr., then the deputy attorney general of the United States, whom
President Obama nominated in 2009 to become attorney general, a position he held
until his retirement this year.

Mr. Holder's argument essentially was that big financial institutions are ''too
big to jail'' because the potential for ''collateral consequences'' from
prosecutions - including corporate instability or collapse - had to be
considered when deciding whether to bring a case against them or, apparently,
against anyone who worked there and engaged in bad behavior.

Lanny A. Breuer, then the head of the Justice Department's criminal division,
reiterated that sentiment as recently as 2012 in a speech at the New York City
Bar Association, where he said that it was his duty to consider the health of
the company, the industry and the markets in deciding whether to file charges.

The Holder Doctrine, strongly supported within the Justice Department, is most
likely the reason there have been no criminal prosecutions of any of the Wall
Street companies that brought us the 2008 financial crisis.

It is also why not a single individual at a Wall Street company, or other
financial institution, who engaged in fraudulent behavior in the years leading
up the financial crisis has been prosecuted successfully.

To be fair, the United States attorney in Brooklyn tried - and failed - to get a
jury to convict two Bear Stearns hedge fund managers, Ralph Cioffi and Matthew
Tannin, who presided over the demise of their two funds, costing investors
around $1.5 billion. And it is also true that Kareem Serageldin, a former senior
trader at Credit Suisse, is serving a 30-month sentence for inflating the value
of mortgage bonds in his trading portfolio, effectively hiding his losses.

Still, instead of prosecuting companies and individuals for their wrongdoing,
Mr. Holder's Justice Department was fixated on extracting huge fines from Wall
Street companies, and then crowing about it. Since 2009, according to an
analysis by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, 49 financial institutions have paid around
$190 billion in fines to federal and state governments and agencies.

In exchange for paying these fines - with their shareholders' money - Wall
Street companies got the government to agree to keep what they really did wrong
under wraps forever.

We may never know the extent of what individuals on Wall Street did to deceive
their clients, their investors and their customers. That's not a legacy of which
to be proud, nor is it nearly the same as holding individuals accountable for
their bad behavior.

That's probably why Mr. Holder's successor, Loretta E. Lynch, decided to change
course. This past week, Sally Quillian Yates, Ms. Lynch's deputy, effectively
laid the Holder Doctrine to rest.

Her seven-page memo, directed to every United States attorney as well as the
senior management of the Justice Department, emphasized that pending and future
investigations of corporate wrongdoing would no longer be concluded without
holding responsible those individuals who misbehaved. No longer will it be
possible - theoretically - for Wall Street companies to cut deals with the
Justice Department that allow individual wrongdoing to be swept under the rug of
a financial settlement.

After stating that fighting white-collar crime remains a priority for the
Justice Department, Ms. Yates wrote in her memo that ''one of the most effective
ways to combat corporate misconduct is by seeking accountability from the
individuals who perpetrated the wrongdoing. Such accountability is important for
several reasons: It deters future illegal activity, it incentivizes changes in
corporate behavior, it ensures the proper parties are held responsible for their
actions, and it promotes the public's confidence in our justice system.''

She elaborated in an interview with The New York Times: ''Corporations can only
commit crimes through flesh-and-blood people. It's only fair that the people who
are responsible for committing those crimes be held accountable. The public
needs to have confidence that there is one system of justice and it applies
equally regardless of whether that crime occurs on a street corner or in a
boardroom.''

Although it is more than a little incredible that a senior official of the
Justice Department of the United States needed to write such a memorandum at
all, the Yates Doctrine, shall we call it, is far preferable to the Holder
Doctrine it replaces.

To understand better what was lost by Mr. Holder's failure to hold the
white-collar criminals on Wall Street accountable for their abysmal behavior in
the years leading up to and after the financial crisis, I turned to William K.
Black, an associate professor of economics and law at the University of
Missouri, in Kansas City, and a former federal regulator during the
savings-and-loan crisis of the 1980s.

He said that with Ms. Yates's memo, the Justice Department ''is tacitly
admitting that its experiment in refusing to prosecute the senior bankers that
led to the fraud epidemics that caused our economic crisis failed,'' with the
result of that failure being ''the death of accountability, of justice and of
deterrence.''

The consequence of that failure was, Mr. Black said, ''a wave of recidivism in
which elite bankers continued to defraud the public after promising to cease
their crimes.'' He remains aghast that Mr. Holder could have let this happen.

''We have known for decades that repealing the rule of law for elite
white-collar criminals and relying on corporate fines always produces abject
failure and massive corporate fraud,'' he said.

If Ms. Lynch is truly serious about prosecuting white-collar crime, Mr. Black
continued, he will offer his services to her free to help with anti-fraud
training, to help restore the criminal referral process and to help ''embrace''
the scores of whistle-blowers who have tried for years to inform Mr. Holder's
Justice Department, so far without much satisfaction, about the bad behavior
they witnessed while working on Wall Street.

''We have known for over 30 years the steps we need to take to succeed against
elite white-collar criminals through vigorous regulators and prosecutors,'' Mr.
Black said.

Sounds to me as if Ms. Lynch should give him a call.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Whistle-Blower Finds a Finger Pointing Back

BYLINE: By BARRY MEIER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1342 words


Whistle-blowers are typically celebrated for risking their careers, and even
their safety, to bring corporate wrongdoing to light.

But once in a great while, someone blows a whistle on the whistle-blower.
Consider the case of James Marchese, now unfolding in a courthouse in Seattle.

A few years ago, Mr. Marchese met with Justice Department officials and told
them that his former employer, a pharmaceutical company, had fraudulently
marketed a cancer drug and bilked Medicare out of millions.

The government was so impressed by Mr. Marchese's allegations that it joined him
in suing that company, Cell Therapeutics.

In April, the company agreed to pay $10.5 million to the government to settle
the charges. That put Mr. Marchese in line to receive as much as a quarter of
that sum, or $2.8 million, as his reward for blowing the whistle.

But  the Justice Department has had a change of heart about Mr. Marchese and is
asking a federal judge to award him nothing. The government now contends that he
was the mastermind of a much bigger scheme within the company than the ones on
which he blew the whistle.

''Giving Marchese a share of the settlement proceeds would merely serve to
reward Marchese's egregious wrongdoing,'' federal prosecutors in Seattle stated
in a court filing this month.

Whistle-blower lawsuits like Mr. Marchese's, or so-called qui tam actions, date
to the Civil War. That is when Congress, reacting to fraud by companies selling
defective supplies to the Union Army, passed the False Claims Act, giving
citizens the right to sue on the government's behalf and be rewarded for acting
as an informant.

The concept, as one lawmaker described it at the time, was to set ''a rogue to
catch a rogue.''

But if the government believes that a whistle-blower was also a ''planner or
initiator'' of the fraud, it can argue that the reward should be reduced, even
down to zero. That is what the Justice Department is now saying about  Mr.
Marchese, 38, who was a sales representative at Cell Therapeutics, a company
based in Seattle.

Several legal experts said they recalled just one or two times in recent decades
when the government has publicly taken a similar stance. One case that occurred
in the early 1990s involved  a former Northrop Corporation engineer who may have
been involved with test falsification by the company.

''This happens once in a blue moon,'' said John R. Phillips, a lawyer in
Washington,  who is considered a leading expert on whistle-blower lawsuits.

Not surprisingly, Mr. Marchese said in an interview that he was shocked by the
cold hand he was now getting from the Justice Department. He said that he did
nothing wrong and that, if not for him, the government would never have had a
case.

''I was blown away when they said they were going to zero  percent,'' said Mr.
Marchese, who now works for a mortgage lender in New Jersey.

This tangled story began in 2000 when Cell Therapeutics won approval from the
Food and Drug Administration to sell a cancer drug, Trisenox. But the agency
approved the drug only for a relatively rare form of leukemia known as acute
promyelocytic leukemia, or A.P.L., which affects about 1,500 new patients a
year.

Cell Therapeutics sought ways to expand the use of the drug, which is a form of
arsenic. But it settled on ways that were illegal, according to filings by both
prosecutors and Mr. Marchese.

(In resolving the charges against it, Cell Therapeutics denied any wrongdoing
and continues to dispute suggestions that it broke the law.)

Mr. Marchese's days at Cell Therapeutics ended in 2002 when the company fired
him, saying  he arranged kickbacks to drug wholesalers, an accusation he denies.
That year, he also contacted F.D.A. officials and asserted that Cell
Therapeutics was illegally promoting Trisenox to treat cancers for which it had
not been approved. One method, according to Mr. Marchese, involved  paying bogus
consulting fees to doctors to attend meetings that promoted off-label use of the
drug.

However, the case against the company, court documents indicate, did not gain
momentum until mid-2004 when Mr. Marchese first met with federal prosecutors in
Seattle. He gradually provided them with hundreds of company documents, tape
recordings and other materials, his filings state.

In early 2006, Mr. Marchese filed his whistle-blower suit, which the government
later joined. In such cases, a whistle-blower is guaranteed 15 percent to 25
percent of a recovery based on his or her contribution to the case. In the
Northrop case, the whistle-blower got 10.8 percent.

Mr. Marchese said he had paid a high personal price for talking to the
government, including being blackballed from the drug industry.

''I've lost six years of my life, my job, my home,'' he said. ''It has destroyed
my marriage and made my life hell.''

Federal prosecutors do not dispute Mr. Marchese's entire story. But they say he
concealed the biggest part of the scheme inside Cell Therapeutics from them for
a simple reason: he had created it.

''Marchese personally planned and initiated the fraudulent scheme at the core of
this case,'' they have charged.

It is difficult to tell from filings precisely when Mr. Marchese and prosecutors
turned from allies to adversaries. The assistant United States attorney handling
the case, Peter A. Winn, referred questions to the Justice Department. A
spokesman there declined to comment.

But filings show that prosecutors, apparently based on evidence uncovered during
their inquiry, notified Mr. Marchese in the fall of 2005 that he was the subject
of a criminal investigation related to his activities at Cell Therapeutics.

Prosecutors contend Mr. Marchese engineered a complex scheme that misled
oncologists and Medicare into believing that Trisenox had been approved for
treating cancers other than A.P.L. Mr. Marchese said that if he did anything
wrong, it was an innocent mistake.

To make matter worse, prosecutors say, Mr. Marchese destroyed and hid evidence
to conceal his role.

A main witness against him is a former girlfriend. She told prosecutors that she
accompanied Mr. Marchese in 2004 to a storage warehouse in New Jersey to
retrieve company documents for his planned whistle-blower lawsuit against Cell
Therapeutics. But she said he told her that he needed to cull the files and
destroy materials that would implicate him, filings show.

There is also the issue of an unpublished manuscript by Mr. Marchese,  ''The
Heart of the Matter.'' The salesman's former girlfriend, who is not identified
by name in filings, has told prosecutors that she read and helped edit the
manuscript, which she says details Mr. Marchese's days at Cell Therapeutics,
including his ''successful efforts to illegally market Trisenox.''

Mr. Marchese disputes that, describing the manuscript as an eight-page document
and a crude attempt at fiction rather than fact. Prosecutors say they  would
like to see the manuscript so they can judge for themselves.

Next month, a federal judge in Seattle will hold a hearing to determine what Mr.
Marchese deserves as a whistle-blower, if anything. Mr. Marchese's lawyers, who
are seeking the maximum 25 percent, said in a filing that prosecutors
tentatively dangled a settlement offer but then did not make it formal.

Mr. Marchese said that if the government believes that he is a criminal, it
should have indicted him, a course prosecutors have chosen not to pursue. He
also contends that the government, by denying him what he considers his just
reward, is sending a message that will deter other whistle-blowers.

''They are saying that it is better to commit fraud than to report it, and that
is a shame,'' he said.

For his part, Mr. Phillips, the lawyer and whistle-blower expert, is not so
sure.  He said that while he was unaware of the facts of Mr. Marchese's case,
the law has boundaries for a reason.

''If the message goes out that you better not start a fraud internally and think
you can profit it from it, then that is a good message to send out,'' he said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Prosecutors say James Marchese, who informed on his  former
employer, Cell Therapeutics, is also guilty of wrongdoing. (pg. A23)(PHOTOGRAPH
BY RICHARD PERRY/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Accusations surprise associates;
Partners in a waterfront project say Liberty's troubles won't affect it.

BYLINE: JOHN RICHARDSON Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 744 words


Colleagues working with Michael Liberty on a high-profile Portland development
said Thursday they were surprised by the news that the Gray businessman is
facing a federal lawsuit and accusations that he diverted millions of dollars.

But Liberty's legal problems won't affect that project, they said. Although he
had a prominent early role in launching the project, he is not directly involved
in the financing or the development, they said.

"I can think of no way that lawsuit would have any effect on us," said Bob
Herron, managing director of HFF Ltd., a mortgage banking firm working on a $110
million Westin hotel, condominium and retail complex planned for the city's
eastern waterfront.

"Specific to our project, Michael has been a big help," said Ralph Izzi of The
Procaccianti Group of Cranston, R.I. "Michael Liberty is one of the partners,
but the developer is The Procaccianti Group."

Liberty is not accused of any wrongdoing in connection with the ongoing Portland
project.

The 27-page lawsuit does, however, cite a pair of other high-profile Maine
projects involving Liberty. It says he and the manager of an investment firm
diverted money intended for Biddeford Textile Corp. and EnvisioNet Computer
Services Inc., two Maine companies that closed in recent years, after Liberty
became involved.

An attorney representing Liberty denied the accusations in the lawsuit.

Biddeford Textile was struggling in 1997 when Liberty helped buy the company
from Sunbeam. He later said he lost all the money he invested in the mill but
wanted to protect workers' jobs.

After Biddeford Textile filed for bankruptcy protection in 2001, Liberty became
a partner with Microlife Group, which bought the company and renamed it
Biddeford Blankets.

Over a period of years, workers accepted wage cuts and lost personal investments
in the company, still hoping the mill would survive. In 2003, however, Microlife
shut down the plant and laid off 200 workers, saying it could not compete.

According to the SEC's lawsuit, Liberty and Kieran J. Dale, managing director of
a Philadelphia-based investment fund called Keystone Venture V, arranged to
divert $2.4 million that investors believed was going into the Biddeford mill.
"No fund money was ever invested in Biddeford," the complaint says. Instead,
according to the suit, the money went directly to Liberty and "related
individuals and entities."

Liberty was never publicly accused of any financial wrongdoing at the time.

EnvisioNet Computer Services was a small Brunswick-based computer-support
service company when Liberty got involved in 1999 as part of a high-profile
effort to keep the company going.

His company, Cambridge Associates, and Keystone Venture pumped money into
EnvisioNet while then-Gov. Angus King flew to Seattle to save a key contract it
had with Microsoft.

The company expanded, but then filed for bankruptcy protection in 2001 and was
bought by Microdyne Outsourcing.

According to the suit, Keystone V invested $6.2 million in EnvisioNet starting
in 1999. But another $649,000 that Keystone V said it invested in the company
was instead diverted to Liberty and third parties associated with him, the SEC
says.

Liberty and Dale also were never accused of any wrongdoing associated with
EnvisioNet, the company's founder, Heather Blease, said Thursday.

"The lawsuit and this whole situation is a surprise to me," she said. "When they
made an investment in our company for `X' amount of dollars, that's how we
signed all the papers and that's the amount of money that came in. . . . From my
view, everything was clean."

The Finance Authority of Maine helped provide finances to EnvisioNet. A
spokeswoman said the agency had no direct dealing with Liberty, however.

King said Thursday he only vaguely recalled Liberty being involved with
EnvisioNet, and was also surprised to hear about the allegations.

King was not the only prominent figure to work on projects that involved
Liberty. In 1996, former Gov. John McKernan and Liberty were part of a group
that led a takeover of the C.F. Hathaway shirt factory in Waterville,
temporarily avoiding a shutdown.

In 1998, former Sen. George Mitchell teamed with Liberty in an unsuccessful
attempt to buy the Burnham & Morrill baked bean plant in Portland.

Neither of those deals is the focus of any allegations against Liberty. Neither
McKernan nor Mitchell could be reached for comment.

Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at:

jrichardson@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 2, 2002, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Telecom executives deny wrongdoing

BYLINE: Andrew Backover

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Top officers from Global Crossing and Qwest Communications denied
wrongdoing Tuesday as lawmakers questioned whether aggressive accounting and
sales tactics at the companies misled investors.

Global Chairman Gary Winnick and former Qwest CEO Joe Nacchio, two of telecom's
biggest names, made their first public remarks before lawmakers probing a slew
of corporate scandals. The hearing didn't produce clear-cut answers about what
happened at Qwest and Global, but it did yield some consolation for Global
employees.


Winnick pledged $ 25 million for Global's retirement plan, which took a big hit
after the company filed for bankruptcy protection in January. He says the amount
equals the money 14,000 workers contributed to the company's 401(k) plan in
recent years. "I call on other chairmen and CEOs . . . to step up and write a
check," he said.

Winnick said he didn't profit from inside information when he sold about 10
million shares for $ 123 million in May 2001, and he denied advance knowledge of
a financial crisis building within the company.

Current and former officials at Global and Qwest faced tough questions from a
panel of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Lawmakers say the former Wall
Street darlings used "sham" deals to inflate revenue.

The hearings could aid probes of Qwest and Global by the Justice Department and
the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as shareholder lawsuits against
the companies.

One Global employee, single mother Lenette Crumpler, told lawmakers that she
lost $ 86,000 of her retirement savings. She said former CEO Tom Casey reassured
employees that Global "could weather the storm."

Former Qwest employee Paula Smith worries about paying for college for her two
daughters now that $ 230,000 of retirement money she had in Qwest stock is gone.
Qwest shares, which rose to $ 64 in 2000, closed at $ 2.69 Tuesday.

Nacchio said he won't follow Winnick's philanthropic lead because Qwest isn't
bankrupt and its 401(k) could recover. But some lawmakers said Nacchio, who was
ousted in June, bears responsibility for Qwest's woes. Qwest said that improper
accounting will force it to erase $ 950 million in revenue from 2000 and 2001.
Another $ 531 million is at risk.

Qwest struck secret agreements with customers Global, Cable & Wireless and Flag
Telecom that let it book revenue improperly, lawmakers said. The panel said it
has company documents that show some board members questioned Nacchio's ethics
and his handling of accounting issues in a 2001 performance review.

Nacchio said he got an "above average" review, noting that the board extended
his contract.

LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Dennis Cook, AP; 'Write a check': Global's Gary Winnick
challenged other chairmen and CEOs.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Judge's tentative ruling to open lawmakers' calendars causes 'great
consternation'

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati jcalefati@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 591 words


SACRAMENTO -- A groundbreaking tentative court ruling that orders the release of
two disgraced state lawmakers' appointment schedules has sparked "great
consternation" at the Capitol, an attorney for the Legislature told a judge
Friday.

Attorney Fred Woocher's comments came during a hearing held a day after
Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny upheld a lawsuit filed by the Bay
Area News Group and Los Angeles News Group seeking calendars and other records
maintained by former state senators Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello. The two were indicted last year on corruption charges.

"There are 120 legislators under the assumption that their calendars are
confidential," said Woocher, who is fighting to have the tentative ruling
reversed.

The Legislature has argued that lawmakers' appointment schedules should be kept
private to ensure their safety -- as well as their ability to engage with an
array of stakeholders on thorny policy issues without being hindered by fear of
public scrutiny about which advocates get to meet with legislators.

And for the first time, Woocher argued that Yee and Calderon's calendars
shouldn't be released because they're "categorically exempt" from public records
laws that require disclosure, meaning they shouldn't be released under any
circumstances.

"Even if the court were to engage in balancing, the balance weighs against
disclosure," Woocher said. "Disclosure of these records has no value."

But in the cases of Yee and Calderon -- who have been charged with crimes that
include public corruption, racketeering, weapons trafficking, mail fraud and
money laundering -- the public's right to know more about their wrongdoing
outweighs any need for secrecy, Kenny wrote in the tentative ruling.

"To the extent these alleged activities occurred under the guise of the
legislators' official duties is even more concerning," Kenny wrote.

Friday's hearing offered both sides a last chance to seek modifications to the
tentative ruling or to change the judge's mind entirely.

Attorney Duffy Carolan, who represents the newspaper groups, disagreed with
Woocher's new contention about blanket exemptions to state laws on public
records. Speaking with reporters after the hearing, she said this argument has
never been tested in a California court before -- and that whatever the judge
decides will set precedent.

"It would be a big loss if the public's interest was completely ignored,"
Carolan said.

If Kenny rejects the Legislature's plea to exempt all lawmakers' calendars from
public disclosure, Woocher asked the judge to consider ordering redactions so
that the only information released pertains to meetings referenced in the
indictments.

Doing so would protect the reputations of people who held legitimate meetings
with the disgraced lawmakers on the same dates they're alleged to have engaged
in wrongdoing, Woocher said.

"There's a desire for people to meet (privately) and have their viewpoints
heard," he said.

"The impact of a single order releasing calendars on a single day will be felt
now and into the future," Woocher added, urging the judge to reconsider.

Carolan, however, said the newspaper groups' requests are narrow enough.

"We have made focused requests that go to serious allegations of misconduct of a
serious nature," she said. "It's not wrongdoing of a pedestrian nature. This
conduct undermines the whole government."

Kenny is expected to issue a final ruling in the case within 90 days.

Contact Jessica Calefati at 916-441-2101. Follow her at Twitter.com/Calefati .

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Jan. 28, 2014, file photo, state Sen. Leland Yee, D-San
Francisco, left, speaks on a bill, while his seat mate Sen. Ron Calderon,
D-Montebello, works at his desk at the Capitol in Sacramento, Calif. In a
tentative ruling issued Thursday, April 30, 2015, Sacramento County Superior
Court Judge Michael Kenny ruled in favor of the Bay Area News Group and the Los
Angeles News Group in a lawsuit arguing the state Legislature should release the
appointment books, meeting schedules and calendars of the two lawmakers who face
separate federal corruption prosecutions. Kenny heard further arguments in the
case Friday, May 1 but did not issue a final ruling. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli,
file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Judge's tentative ruling to open lawmakers' calendars causes 'great
consternation'

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati jcalefati@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; State

LENGTH: 591 words


SACRAMENTO -- A groundbreaking tentative court ruling that orders the release of
two disgraced state lawmakers' appointment schedules has sparked "great
consternation" at the Capitol, an attorney for the Legislature told a judge
Friday.

Attorney Fred Woocher's comments came during a hearing held a day after
Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny upheld a lawsuit filed by the Bay
Area News Group and Los Angeles News Group seeking calendars and other records
maintained by former state senators Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello. The two were indicted last year on corruption charges.

"There are 120 legislators under the assumption that their calendars are
confidential," said Woocher, who is fighting to have the tentative ruling
reversed.

The Legislature has argued that lawmakers' appointment schedules should be kept
private to ensure their safety -- as well as their ability to engage with an
array of stakeholders on thorny policy issues without being hindered by fear of
public scrutiny about which advocates get to meet with legislators.

And for the first time, Woocher argued that Yee and Calderon's calendars
shouldn't be released because they're "categorically exempt" from public records
laws that require disclosure, meaning they shouldn't be released under any
circumstances.

"Even if the court were to engage in balancing, the balance weighs against
disclosure," Woocher said. "Disclosure of these records has no value."

But in the cases of Yee and Calderon -- who have been charged with crimes that
include public corruption, racketeering, weapons trafficking, mail fraud and
money laundering -- the public's right to know more about their wrongdoing
outweighs any need for secrecy, Kenny wrote in the tentative ruling.

"To the extent these alleged activities occurred under the guise of the
legislators' official duties is even more concerning," Kenny wrote.

Friday's hearing offered both sides a last chance to seek modifications to the
tentative ruling or to change the judge's mind entirely.

Attorney Duffy Carolan, who represents the newspaper groups, disagreed with
Woocher's new contention about blanket exemptions to state laws on public
records. Speaking with reporters after the hearing, she said this argument has
never been tested in a California court before -- and that whatever the judge
decides will set precedent.

"It would be a big loss if the public's interest was completely ignored,"
Carolan said.

If Kenny rejects the Legislature's plea to exempt all lawmakers' calendars from
public disclosure, Woocher asked the judge to consider ordering redactions so
that the only information released pertains to meetings referenced in the
indictments.

Doing so would protect the reputations of people who held legitimate meetings
with the disgraced lawmakers on the same dates they're alleged to have engaged
in wrongdoing, Woocher said.

"There's a desire for people to meet (privately) and have their viewpoints
heard," he said.

"The impact of a single order releasing calendars on a single day will be felt
now and into the future," Woocher added, urging the judge to reconsider.

Carolan, however, said the newspaper groups' requests are narrow enough.

"We have made focused requests that go to serious allegations of misconduct of a
serious nature," she said. "It's not wrongdoing of a pedestrian nature. This
conduct undermines the whole government."

Kenny is expected to issue a final ruling in the case within 90 days.

Contact Jessica Calefati at 916-441-2101. Follow her at Twitter.com/Calefati .

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Jan. 28, 2014, file photo, state Sen. Leland Yee, D-San
Francisco, left, speaks on a bill, while his seat mate Sen. Ron Calderon,
D-Montebello, works at his desk at the Capitol in Sacramento, Calif. In a
tentative ruling issued Thursday, April 30, 2015, Sacramento County Superior
Court Judge Michael Kenny ruled in favor of the Bay Area News Group and the Los
Angeles News Group in a lawsuit arguing the state Legislature should release the
appointment books, meeting schedules and calendars of the two lawmakers who face
separate federal corruption prosecutions. Kenny heard further arguments in the
case Friday, May 1 but did not issue a final ruling. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli,
file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                                October 8, 2007

New retail health clinic model puts doctors out front

BYLINE: By Pamela Lewis Dolan, AMNews staff. Oct. 8, 2007

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22 Vol. 50 No. 38

LENGTH: 770 words



HIGHLIGHT: Some companies are betting they can stand out from the in-store
clinic market by having physicians on hand to treat patients.


While retail-based health clinics generally rely on nurse practitioners and
physician assistants to see patients, another model is emerging that staffs
entirely with physicians.

Despite the increase in overhead, that new model works, say clinic operators,
because of its expanded scope and greater marketing potential. And some big
names and deep pockets are jumping behind the concept.

One of the model's early adopters is Jacksonville, Fla.-based Solantic, which
recently expanded its stand-alone clinic chain to include clinics located inside
Wal-Mart stores.

Solantic's chief medical officer, Nathan Newman, MD, said because physicians are
present, Solantic can offer x-ray services and suturing. It's also a good
marketing strategy to say each patient will be treated by a board-certified
physician, he said.

Solantic is also gaining attention because of one of the names behind it.
Richard Scott, who founded Solantic in 2002, gained notoriety for taking two
struggling Texas hospitals and creating, through mergers and acquisitions, the
Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp., which became the largest for-profit hospital
chain in the world.

However, a massive Medicare fraud investigation cost Scott his job as
Columbia/HCA's CEO and president. Scott was never charged with wrongdoing,
though other executives were, and HCA -- which dropped the Columbia name --
agreed to pay $1.7 billion in civil penalties and damages to settle the case,
without admitting wrongdoing. In 2003, upon the finalization of the settlement,
the Justice Dept. called it the largest Medicare fraud settlement ever.

A New York private equity firm recently backed up its belief in Scott and the
Solantic business model to the tune of $100 million. That's the amount Welsh,
Carson, Anderson & Stowe invested to help Solantic open more than 40 clinics in
Florida by the end of 2009.

Meanwhile, a former board member with MinuteClinic, the company often credited
with establishing the NP/PA-staffed retail clinic model, is also putting
physicians into in-store clinics.

James A. D'Orta, MD, chair of New York-based Consumer Health Services, said his
idea for a physician-centric retail clinic model was spawned from his experience
with Minneapolis-based MinuteClinic. Dr. D'Orta said before MinuteClinic was
bought by CVS Caremark Corp. in 2006, he started to see challenges with a
physician-assistant staffed model -- mainly, if you have to pay physicians to
oversee the extenders in the clinic, why not just pay physicians to be there?

Dr. D'Orta launched Consumer Health Services last year. It manages four clinics
inside Duane Reade pharmacies in the New York area, and is building out 12
additional clinics set to open in November. While CHS provides the management
for the Duane Reade clinics and secures the leases, the businesses themselves
are owned by private practices, which are responsible for their own hiring. But
they must stick to the physician-centric business model.

The company also recently partnered with Continuum Health Partners of New York,
the parent company of Beth Israel Medical Center and St. Luke's-Roosevelt
Hospital Center, to give clinic doctors admitting privileges and allow referrals
to Continuum's specialists.

CHS plans to have 68 clinics in the next two years, just in Duane Reade stores.
CHS also added former Health and Human Services Secretary Louis W. Sullivan, MD,
to its board in July.

"The market takes a concept, bundles it up and tosses it back for restructuring.
I believe [Consumer Health Services] is the restructuring of the nurse-based
model," Dr. D'Orta said.

A spokesman for MinuteClinic said that while the company did not have a
particular viewpoint on which model is better, "The nurse practitioner model
works well for us."

While the physician model is still small compared with the nurse practitioner
model, which is expected to grow to more than 1,500 clinics by the end of 2008,
there is evidence the physician-staffed concept is gaining traction.

For example, another company, Las Vegas-based Medical Mart, a physician-staffed
clinic chain that has been around for three years, says it plans to have 400
clinics by the end of 2009.

Tine Hansen-Turton, the executive director of the Convenient Care Assn., a trade
group for retail-clinic operators, confirms more physician groups are exploring
the option of retail-based care. Some individual groups have already opened
physician-staffed retail clinics.

In response to the interest, the CCA has changed its structure and is supporting
both models of retail-based care. It has one physician-staffed model,
Burlingame, Calif.-based QwikHealth, as a member.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Investigator finds no evidence of warden wrongdoing in prison probe

BYLINE: Kyle Wind, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Jan. 26--An outside investigator found no evidence to back up allegations that
Lackawanna County Prison's warden tore up more than a dozen sexual abuse
complaints an inmate gave him, the chairman of the prison board said Wednesday.

The accusation against Warden Tim Betti came in an amended lawsuit Scranton
attorney Matthew Comerford filed in December, expanding civil allegations that
guards sexually assaulted and abused several women, and high-ranking county
officials tried to cover it up.

Mr. Betti normally would be responsible for investigating the charges, but
because it would be a conflict for him to investigate allegations against
himself, the prison board hired Scranton attorney Amil Minora on Dec. 21 to
first look into the allegations against the warden.

Some observers urged the prison board to hire someone from outside the county
with no political connections, but county officials at the time cited Mr.
Minora's 36-plus years as an assistant district attorney and experience with
past investigations at the jail.

Judge Vito Geroulo, chairman of the prison board, described the former assistant
district attorney's and former Scranton city council solicitor's report to the
prison board as "very detailed."

Mr. Minora reviewed all relevant grievances, reports and records; interviewed
all witnesses who would speak to him, along with past and present employees and
chaplains; had unfettered access to all prison records; and reviewed 9,742
emails.

"After reviewing all of that, he found absolutely nothing to support the
allegations made against Warden Betti," Judge Geroulo said.

With that hurdle cleared, the prison board directed Mr. Betti to investigate the
conduct of other employees at the facility who were newly named in the lawsuit
in December, and to treat them the same as all previous employees who were
investigated.

Six of the employees named in the July suit were placed on paid administrative
leave in June, after Mr. Comerford alerted the county to the claims in his suit.

The original lawsuit claimed six correctional officers sexually abused or
harassed one woman -- and that other guards knew about it but failed to report
it. The amended suit names three additional plaintiffs and two more correctional
officers, in addition to the allegation against Mr. Betti.

"It should be very clear that the board sets policy, and our CEO is Warden
Betti," Judge Geroulo said. "We have total confidence in him."

Mr. Betti said he doesn't let the litigation affect him.

"I get paid to do a job, and I do it to the best of my ability whether or I'm
accused in a civil lawsuit," he said. "It doesn't make a difference to me. I
just do my job."

Attempts to reach Mr. Comerford were unsuccessful.

District Attorney Shane Scanlon said earlier this month his office referred the
case to the state attorney general's office.

Contact the writer: kwind@timesshamrock.com @kwindTT on Twitter

___ (c)2017 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170126-YT-Investigator-finds-no-evidence-of-warden-wrongdoing
-in-prison-probe-0126-20170126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2017 The Times-Tribune


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Investigator finds no evidence of warden wrongdoing in prison probe

BYLINE: Kyle Wind, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Jan. 25--An outside investigator found no evidence to back up allegations that
Lackawanna County Prison's warden tore up more than a dozen sexual abuse
complaints an inmate gave him, the chairman of the prison board said Wednesday.

The accusation against Warden Tim Betti came in an amended lawsuit Scranton
attorney Matthew Comerford filed in December, expanding civil allegations that
guards sexually assaulted and abused several women, and high-ranking county
officials tried to cover it up.

Mr. Betti normally would be responsible for investigating the charges, but
because it would be a conflict for him to investigate allegations against
himself, the prison board hired Scranton attorney Amil Minora on Dec. 21 to
first look into the allegation against the warden.

Some observers urged the prison board to hire someone from outside the county
with no political connections, but county officials at the time cited Mr.
Minora's 36-plus years as an assistant district attorney and experience with
past investigations at the jail.

Judge Vito Geroulo, chairman of the prison board, described the former assistant
district attorney's and former Scranton city council solicitor's report to the
prison board as "very detailed."

Mr. Minora reviewed all relevant grievances, reports and records; interviewed
all witnesses who would speak to him, along with past and present employees and
chaplains; had unfettered access to all prison records; and reviewed 9,742
emails.

"After reviewing all of that, he found absolutely nothing to support the
allegations made against Warden Betti," Judge Geroulo said.

With that hurdle cleared, the prison board directed Mr. Betti to investigate the
conduct of other employees at the facility who were newly named in the lawsuit
in December, and to treat them the same as all previous employees who were
investigated.

Six of the employees named in the July suit were placed on paid administrative
leave in June, after Mr. Comerford alerted the county to the claims in his suit.

The original lawsuit claimed six correctional officers sexually abused or
harassed one woman -- and that other guards knew about it but failed to report
it. The amended suit names three additional plaintiffs and two more correctional
officers, in addition to the allegation against Mr. Betti.

"It should be very clear that the board sets policy, and our CEO is Warden
Betti," Judge Geroulo said. "We have total confidence in him."

Mr. Betti said he doesn't let the litigation affect him.

"I get paid to do a job, and I do it to the best of my ability whether or I'm
accused in a civil lawsuit," he said. "It doesn't make a difference to me. I
just do my job."

Attempts to reach Mr. Comerford were unsuccessful.

District Attorney Shane Scanlon said earlier this month his office referred the
case to the state attorney general's office.

Contact the writer: kwind@timesshamrock.com @kwindTT on Twitter

___ (c)2017 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170125-YT-Investigator-finds-no-evidence-of-warden-wrongdoing
-in-prison-probe-0125-20170125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2017 The Times-Tribune


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Santa Cruz man cleared of wrongdoing in stabbing

BYLINE: Stephen Baxter, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


March 17--SANTA CRUZ -- A 30-year-old Santa Cruz man who stabbed a 25-year-old
man in the back in an alcohol-fueled fight earlier this month will not be
prosecuted, Santa Cruz County prosecutors said.

Santa Cruz police arrested Damon Dean Hahn on suspicion of attempted murder on
March 3 after he fought a man he met earlier that night, said police spokeswoman
Joyce Blaschke.

David Genochio, the filing attorney for the Santa Cruz County District
Attorney's Office, said Wednesday that no charges will be filed against Hahn in
part because there are no witnesses, no surveillance footage of the fight and
because Hahn called 911 to report it. Hahn also said Smith started the fight.

Ivan Smith of Santa Cruz also has no memory of the attack and "isn't
particularly interested" in prosecution, Genochio said.

"There's no corroborative evidence. It wouldn't even get through prelim," said
Genochio, referring to a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough
evidence for a trial.

"We have the burden of proof. This one is more patently clear because he (Hahn)
is the reporting party."

Genochio said the decision not to file charges was based on the facts in the
police reports. Details in the report expand on information that Santa Cruz
police sent the media in a press release the morning of the attack. Police
included a mug shot of Hahn from 2013.

Hahn and Smith were drinking separately at a small bar on the 500 block of
Seabright Avenue the night of March 2. Smith drank at least four shots of
Jameson whiskey, according to the police report. It's not clear how much Hahn
drank.

After the bar closed at 2 a.m. March 3, the pair decided to walk to Hahn's
friend's home. As they walked, Smith blamed Hahn for separating him from his
friends. Hahn had a bike with him. Smith kicked the bike to the ground,
according to the police report.

Minutes later, Hahn stood on the landing of his friend's home. Smith then
charged Hahn and forced him to the ground. While they pair struggled, Smith
reached for his Ka-Bar brand knife. Hahn grabbed it and stabbed Smith, according
to the police report.

Smith then said, "Now you're really going to die."

They fought some more. Hahn then stabbed Smith in the back with the knife and
left it in him. Hahn fled and called 911.

Officers found Hahn with a bruised eye, cuts on his left knee and shin and
scratches on his neck, fingers and knuckles, according to the police report.
Hahn was taken to a hospital for a blood sample, which is common when a person
is intoxicated. It's not clear if he was treated for his injuries.

Smith was taken to Santa Clara Valley Medical Center with life-threatening
injuries. He has since been released, Genochio said.

Hahn told authorities that he acted in self defense, which is what about 90
percent of assault suspects say to law enforcement in their defense, Genochio
said. Many lie.

It's not Hahn's first brush with law enforcement in Santa Cruz County.

Hahn was convicted of misdemeanor public intoxication in 2009, misdemeanor petty
theft in 2008 and misdemeanor DUI in 2004, according to court records.

Smith has no court record beyond a speeding ticket in 2015, according to
records.

This week, a friend of Hahn told the Sentinel that Hahn lost his job in the wake
of the publicity from the fight. Attempts to reach Hahn were not successful.

Santa Cruz police said they stood by the arrest.

"Hahn used a knife in a fist fight. That's why police made the arrest," Blaschke
said Wednesday.

Genochio said prosecutors are open to reviewing more information that police
collect.

Santa Cruz police ask anyone with information to call investigations at
831-420-5820, the anonymous tip line at 831-420-5995 or leave a tip at
santacruzpolice.com or by the mobile application at m.santacruzpolice.com.

___ (c)2016 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-QC-Santa-Cruz-man-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-stabbing-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2016 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

PhillyDeals: Another former Wilmington Trust lender is indicted

BYLINE: By Joseph N. DiStefano; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 526 words


Another former lender for Wilmington Trust Co. - Delaware's dominant bank before
it drowned in a sea of unpaid loans and was salvage-sold at a bargain price in
2010 - has been indicted by federal prosecutors in connection with alleged
illegal lending to developers.

Peter W. Hayes worked for the bank for 20 years before leaving in 2011. The
indictment says Hayes lent $195 million to a developer while he was secretly
invested in the developer's properties, and accuses him of using "false" and
insufficient documents to justify loans that the developer didn't repay.

"He has consistently denied criminal wrongdoing" and will plead not guilty,
Hayes' lawyer, Eugene Maurer, told me. Hayes faces a sentence of 210 years in
prison and $7 million in fines if convicted of all five counts of fraud and two
counts of bribery, according to U.S. Attorney Charles Oberly.

The developer was not identified in Oberly's indictment but has been outed by
the Wilmington News Journal as Anderson Homes, a Middletown company that went
under in 2011. Anderson and its past owners have not been charged with
wrongdoing.

In February 2013, former Wilmington Trust lender Kevin McAllister was sentenced
to 20 months for fraud, bribery, and tax evasion for taking kickbacks from a
Delaware County mortgage broker in exchange for loans that went unpaid.

Joseph Terranova, former vice president in the bank's commercial real estate
unit, pleaded guilty last year to "conspiring to extend credit to customers of
the bank under terms inconsistent with those approved by the bank's loan
committee." His former boss, ex-Wilmington Trust banking chief for Delaware
Brian D. Bailey, was indicted last winter on bribery, fraud, and
money-laundering charges. Bailey and Oberly's office have been working on a plea
agreement.

At least two developers have been indicted on charges of borrowing money from
the bank illegally, apparently with the connivance of bank lenders.

Who was watching these guys? Oberly hasn't filed charges against senior
management of the bank, whose forced sale cost investors more than $1 billion
from the bank's earlier stock-market value and resulted in the loss of more than
700 jobs.

The Wilmington prosecutor is unusual these days in finding loan fraud a criminal
act at all. Compare that with the government's $7 billion cash settlement this
week with Citigroup, where billions in bad loans were falsely called good ones
and sold to investors, feeding the financial blow-up of 2008. In that deal, no
lender or boss who profited from the sales is being held personally responsible.

Faster

Claiming that "existing data centers in Philadelphia are woefully inadequate for
today's cloud and network application businesses," vXchnge L.L.C., of Tampa,
Fla., says it plans to build a 70,000-square-foot "state of the art" data center
at 1500 Spring Garden St., the former GlaxoSmithKline pill factory already a
major data site for Wayne-based SunGard Availability.

vXchnge's boss is Keith Olson, an AT&T veteran. Other bosses include former
Unisys executives Charles Browning and Ernie Sampera.

JoeD@phillynews.com

215-854-5194

@PhillyJoeD

www.inquirer.com/phillydeals


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

Law firm to defend students accused of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Courtenay Edelhart, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Oct. 17--A law firm for the poor has launched a new practice representing
special ed students and those facing suspensions and expulsions, saying those
groups don't always get good representation or a fair hearing.

Two attorneys at Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance will work on the cases as
part of a new pilot program. There is a tremendous need for this kind of legal
assistance because of the region's extraordinarily high expulsion rate, said
GBLA attorney Tim McKinley.

"We're concerned about patterns and practices," he said.

Public schools in Kern County, particularly Bakersfield, expelled more students
than anywhere else in California, according to California Department of
Education data from the 2010-11 school year. The Kern High School District made
up 82 percent of county expulsions and 10 percent of all expulsions in
California despite making up just 2.4 percent of all state public school
students.

The raw number of students tossed out of school -- 2,630 of its 147,000 students
-- exceeded the number expelled in Los Angeles County, which had a student body
at least nine times bigger than Kern's. The figures also showed that black and
Latino students were disproportionately subjected to that form of discipline.

After the figures were released, Kern High School District officials contended
that the data were inflated because more than 600 expulsions of 2,000 should
have been categorized as transfers to other campuses, not expulsions. The
district also said local expulsions are based on behavior, not race or
ethnicity; and unless the violation is one of five "zero tolerance" offenses,
expulsion is a last resort.

The district didn't respond to a request for an interview Tuesday and Wednesday
beyond emailing an excerpt from the California Education Code Wednesday that
explained the steps in the expulsion process.

The region's expulsion rates have sparked an outcry. State Sen. Michael Rubio,
D-Shafter, even sponsored a bill designed to reduce expulsions by mandating
forums and training at schools with extraordinarily high rates. SB 1235 passed
in the legislature in August but Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed it in September.

There is a process schools must undergo before they can expel a child,
culminating in a hearing before the school district's board of trustees. The
hearing must be held within 30 school days after the date the principal or
superintendent determines there has been a violation of school rules, unless the
student requests a postponement in writing.

Families are entitled to legal representation throughout that process and also
at the hearing, but few hire lawyers to help them, said GBLA attorney Kamilah
Holmes.

"Often they don't know that's their right, or if they do know, they don't have
the resources to pay for it," she said. "You can represent yourself at the
hearing, but to do it effectively you really have to have an understanding of
the California Education Code."

Patrick Jackson, president of the Bakersfield branch of the NAACP, said he
welcomes the center's pilot program because too often, "when there's a gray
area, the decision goes against certain students more than others. The system
needs to be examined to make sure it's more fair and uniform. At the same time,
we need to work with our kids to make sure that they're making good decisions so
they're not in that situation in the first place."

Educational therapist Andrew Barling runs Stockdale Learning Center, which
provides diagnostic testing and tutoring for children with learning
disabilities. He said he sees a lot of children whose disabilities are mistaken
for behavior problems, who are denied needed services, or who are forced into
special education when they should be in a mainstream classroom.

Legal advocacy can help with that, Barling said.

"We don't have a lot of lawyers in town who do it," he said, adding that the
most effective response to young people who "learn differently" is "a holistic
effort that includes schools, psychologists, attorneys and parents."

Greater Bakersfield Legal Assistance exclusively serves low-income clients. To
find out if you qualify for help or to schedule an appointment, call 325-5943.

___ (c)2012 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121017-BK-Law-firm-to-defend-students-accused-of-wrongdoing
-1017-20121017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2012 The Bakersfield Californian


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Around the Nation

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 512 words

Reid, Durbin Answer Questions About Burris

In an unusual step, the Senate's top leaders were interviewed yesterday by the
chamber's ethics committee in its ongoing investigation of Sen. Roland W.
Burris's campaign to win appointment to the seat vacated by President Obama.

Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) and Majority Whip Richard J. Durbin
(D-Ill.) met with the committee, in separate 30-minute discussions, to recount
their interactions with Burris (D) during his effort to be seated after he was
appointed by then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D).

Neither Reid nor Durbin is accused of wrongdoing, but their testimony could
prove critical to discerning the motive behind Burris's alleged misstatements
before a state legislative committee in Illinois that conducted the Blagojevich
impeachment inquiry.

While Reid declined to comment on the substance of the interview with the ethics
committee, Durbin said he also appeared last week before an Illinois prosecutor
investigating whether Burris told the truth that he had no contact with
Blagojevich or his advisers in relation to political fundraising requests before
he was appointed.

Burris has denied any wrongdoing and has resisted all calls for his resignation.


Former Bush Aide Sentenced

A 29-year-old former Bush administration aide was sentenced yesterday to 2 1/2
years in federal prison for stealing nearly $600,000 from a nonprofit group that
promotes democracy in Cuba. Felipe E. Sixto of Miami pleaded guilty last year in
U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia to stealing from a federally
funded program. U.S. District Judge Reggie B. Walton yesterday called the crime
an "elaborate scheme" that badly damaged the nonprofit group, the Center for a
Free Cuba, where Sixto worked from 2003 through July 2007. He continued stealing
from the center after he became an associate director of intergovernmental
affairs at the White House, where he worked until last March, prosecutors said.

Army Probes Ala. Deployment

BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- The Army said Wednesday that it has opened an inquiry into
whether federal laws were broken when nearly two dozen soldiers were sent to
Samson, Ala., after 11 people were killed in a shooting rampage last week. State
officials said the deployment of 22 military police officers and the provost
marshal from Fort Rucker, Ala., was requested neither by Gov. Bob Riley (R) nor
by the White House. Typically, a presidential order is required for soldiers to
operate on U.S. soil.

A Boost for Service Programs

Tens of thousands of Americans could see more opportunities to mentor children,
help rebuild homes and participate in other national service under a measure
passed by the House, 321 to 105. AmeriCorps and other national service programs
would be able to expand by 175,000 participants.  The measure would also create
new groups to help poor communities with education, clean energy, health care
and services for veterans. A Senate committee approved an expansion that was
similar. The White House has endorsed the bill.

--  From Staff Reports and News Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Susan Walsh -- Associated Press; Fellow senators
investigating the appointment of Roland Burris have interviewed the chamber's
majority leader and its majority whip.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Parole board members won't resign

BYLINE: NOLAN CLAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1009 words


All five members of the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board refused Friday to
resign, and they again denied any wrongdoing.

Oklahoma County District Attorney David Prater in January offered not to file
criminal charges against board members if they agreed to resign. Board members
had until 5 p.m. Friday to decide.

The prosecutor alleges the parole board members blatantly violated the Open
Meeting Act over and over in their consideration of early release requests.

Board members and their attorneys said Friday they have rejected the district
attorney's offer.

The board's chairman, Marc Dreyer, said Friday: "Each of us has given a great
deal of thought and prayer to this decision and are each firmly convinced that
we have not ever knowingly or willfully violated the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act
nor participated in any criminal wrongdoing in our service on the board."

Dreyer, a Tulsa minister, said: "It would be easy to step down, for the
compensation is minimal, the work is overwhelming and the criticism is ample,
but we believe that we are doing a service that is important and that we do it
well."

The proposed deal called for board members to leave in stages over a few months
so the parole process would not be disrupted.

The deal was to be structured so that new members could be appointed and begin
considering cases before all the current members left.

Charges are likely

The next likely step in the dispute is the filing of criminal charges against
the board members - Dreyer; Currie Ballard, of Langston; Lynnell Harkins, of
Moore; David Moore, of Edmond; and Richard L. Dugger, of Oklahoma City.

A violation of the Open Meeting Act is a misdemeanor. The maximum punishment is
a $500 fine and a year in jail.

"I would hope we could continue to try to address your concerns about this
matter without facing criminal charges," the board's defense attorney, Mack
Martin, told the district attorney in a text message.

Dugger's attorney, John Coyle, wrote Prater in a letter: "Mr. Dugger is
certainly willing to work with you to address your concerns and continues to
hope that this can be accomplished in a sense of cooperation and not in an
adversarial setting."

Coyle told The Oklahoman: "These are honorable people who work hard to achieve a
just result in every case."

Prater in August complained to the parole board that he had discovered it had
taken up requests for early release about 50 times since the start of 2010
without proper notice to the public.

"The Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board's violations in this matter are egregious,
aggravated and a clear attempt to operate in secrecy, outside of public
scrutiny," Prater wrote.

His investigators have been gathering and reviewing records for months to
support the filing of possibly dozens of counts.

Sparking the district attorney's complaint was an early release request
involving a killer, Maelene Chambers.

Prater found the board had voted last March, without any notice to the public,
prosecutors or the victim's family, to consider her request further.

Chambers went to prison in 2008 after pleading guilty to first-degree
manslaughter for a drunken-driving death. She was not yet eligible for parole
but the parole board was being asked to recommend to the governor that her
prison time be commuted. Her request was put on hold after Prater complained.

Complaints raised

Other prosecutors have made similar complaints. In December, McIntosh County
District Attorney Rob Barris complained to the parole board that prosecutors in
2010 learned of a killer's commutation request from the media, after the request
had made it to the governor.

The parole board's chairman, Dreyer, said the board acted immediately and
unanimously to seek out ways to address Prater's concerns when he first raised
them last summer.

Dreyer said: "We have made changes in our procedures, are revamping our dockets
and our website, all to make everything we do as open and transparent as we
possibly can and as easy as is possible for district attorneys, victims,
supporters, legislators and any interested citizen."

He also said: "If there are ways we can and should do it better, we have proven
repeatedly we are open to hear those suggestions and welcome those who
constructively want the parole process in Oklahoma (to) operate at its best. It
hasn't and won't take pressure or threat to make it happen."

Dreyer called Prater "a man of integrity." Ballard, though, said that Prater is
going after the board members not because the prosecutor really thinks they
broke the law but because he is anti-parole.

"That's what I feel," Ballard said Friday.

Ballard said Christian compassion guides his votes on the parole board.

Prater on Wednesday declined to discuss his offer. He could not be reached for
comment Friday afternoon or evening.

"The rules of professional conduct do not allow me to discuss proposed plea
agreements," Prater said Wednesday.

Prater also wanted the longtime executive director of the Pardon and Parole
Board to step down. The executive director, Terry Jenks, already had been
planning to retire.

The board's attorney, Martin, told Prater Friday that the executive director
intends to retire in mid-February.

Jenks is a full-time state employee. The board members are not, although they
often work hundreds of hours each month at home reviewing paperwork on inmates
coming up for parole.

Meanwhile, the attorney general's office still is conducting a separate
investigation of the parole board.

Attorney General Scott Pruitt told The Oklahoman in September: "The
investigations are similar in the sense that they are focused upon whether the
Pardon and Parole Board has engaged in practices that are inconsistent with the
Open Meeting or Open Records laws."

Pruitt also said: "I think the district attorney has focused his efforts on
criminal prosecution around the Open Meeting and Open Records law, but we've not
qualified it that way. ... We're just engaging in an investigation and we'll see
what it yields. We'll make an informed decision at the end of that process."


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: MARC DREYER
PARDON AND PAROLE BOARD CHAIRMAN
Photo 2: DAVID PRATER
OKLAHOMA COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

HOPE pain clinic officials deny wrongdoing, plan to stay open

BYLINE: Jessica Farrish, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


May 06--Officials of HOPE Pain Clinic in Beaver responded Wednesday to a recent
order by West Virginia Department of Health and Human Services that the Beaver
clinic must be closed by May 15.

The order was issued following a surprise visit from the Office of Health
Facility Licensure and Certification (OHFLAC) revealed violations of more recent
state requirements for physician training and education, according to OHFLAC
director Jolynn Marra.

OHFLAC officials had also closed a HOPE clinic in Charleston in March following
inspections.

HOPE officials released the statement Wednesday via George Manahan, CEO of the
Charleston public relations firm The Manahan Group.

"HOPE Clinic has been thrust to the forefront of the news recently because of a
series of actions by state and federal agencies," read the statement.
"Unfortunately, these actions have the potential to create a perception about
HOPE Clinic that does not accurately reflect its core values or operations.

"HOPE Clinic is a pain management clinic that provides important, compassionate
and necessary care to a segment of society that has essentially been abandoned
by modern medicine: law-abiding chronic pain patients.

"Primarily, HOPE Clinic treats patients, through licensed medical providers, for
chronic pain," the statement read. "Our patients suffer from constant pain and
discomfort, which impact their ability to function in life.

"HOPE Clinic exists to medically treat and alleviate pain, giving chronic pain
sufferers the opportunity to live more meaningful and productive lives.

"As part of treating patients, HOPE Clinic's physicians regularly prescribe
opioid pain medication, which is regulated on both a federal and state level."

The statement acknowledges the need for government oversight and asserts that
HOPE was founded "with the ideas of combating drug diversion, while treating an
underserved population."

According to the statement, HOPE clinic "contracted with an organization, PPPFD,
Inc., that provides novel and cutting-edge anti-diversion services."

"We utilize a monitoring software and background check system that has screened
out more than 50 percent of new patient applications seeking pain medicine and
identified or discharged over 2,000 individuals illegally trying to obtain
prescription drugs," the statement read. "HOPE Clinic patients are screened,
vetted, and verified before seeing a HOPE Clinic doctor.

"This screening enables vetted patients to obtain pain medicine without being
forced to endure expensive and extremely painful interventional or surgical
procedures that no longer help them."

PPFD is "Patients, Physicians, Pharmacists Fighting Diversion," a company that
shares a Beaver address with HOPE pain clinic. The HOPE website carries a link
to the PPFD website. According to the PPFD website, PPFD "narcotics auditors"
screen patients for potential drug abuse, while "field auditors" visit patients
in the community to detect potential drug abuse.

PPFD is part of the nationwide BioMatrix Registry, a national prescription and
patient tracking program designed to lessen prescription drug abuse.

In the statement, officials said the OHFLAC decision to close the clinic "came
as a shock" and that HOPE officials are "exploring the possibilities" for
continuing operations.

"Although HOPE Clinic remains confident in its past practices, we look forward
to working with regulatory authorities to meet their expectations and to
continue providing the best possible care to our patients," the statement reads.

-- E-mail: jfarrish@register-herald.com

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150506-WZ-HOPE-pain-clinic-officials-deny-wrongdoing
-plan-to-stay-open-0506-20150506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

UPDATE: Prosecutor clears Beach Bums of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Matt Troutman, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


July 30--TRAVERSE CITY -- A prosecutor found Traverse City Beach Bums jersey
auctions didn't run afoul of the law, but instead struck out before they raised
money promised to a local veterans group.

The Beach Bums auctioned off special patriotic player jerseys on Fourth of July
games in 2012 and 2013 with the stated intent to donate proceeds to the Grand
Traverse Area Veterans Coalition.

But coalition member George Champlin grew concerned after he learned Beach Bums
management didn't turn over any charitable proceeds, despite a statement on
their website that the 2013 auction raised $3,000. He made a complaint to Grand
Traverse County Prosecutor Bob Cooney, but now chalks up the matter to a "big
misunderstanding."

"There was no money to give," he said.

Cooney said a probe by sheriff's detectives didn't find any evidence that Beach
Bums representatives knowingly set up a charitable event from which they would
siphon money.

"I would say there were some misunderstandings going on here," he said. "I think
it was more the left hand not knowing what the right hand was doing, both with
the Beach Bums and the veterans coalition."

Beach Bums owner John Wuerfel said the charitable auctions in the past two or
three years didn't raise enough money to cover their cost, much less give to
veterans groups.

"This thing was a big goof up," he said. "It was just that simple."

Cooney said records showed the disputed auctions came out as a net loss. He also
said the website made the Fourth of July event seem like a fundraiser after the
fact more than a veterans "welcome home celebration."

Wuerfel hopes to work with the coalition on "50/50" drawings that would raise
funds for "honor flights" for local veterans. GTAVC President John Lefler said
his organization will continue to work with the Beach Bums.

"I am satisfied with the outcome," he said.

___ (c)2014 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140730-ZK-UPDATE-Prosecutor-clears-Beach-Bums-of-wrongdoing
-0730-20140730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2014 The Record-Eagle


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 8, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

S.E.C. Said To Favor Drexel Suit

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 705 words


The Securities and Exchange Commission's enforcement staff told Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc. last week that it had been authorized to charge the investment firm
with securities violations regarding 18 deals, people with knowledge of the
Federal investigation said last night.

The authorization, which the sources said was granted recently by the
commissioners of the S.E.C., marks an important step in the one-and-a-half-year
investigation of Drexel, one of the most intensive in Wall Street history. The
inquiry grew out of allegations made to the Government by Ivan F. Boesky, the
arbitrager who is serving a prison sentence related to an insider-trading
scheme.

The investigation of Drexel has focused on the activities of Michael Milken,
head of Drexel's powerful operation in high-yield ''junk bonds.''.

Drexel Denies Wrongdoing

Drexel executives have consistently denied that the firm or Mr. Milken was
involved in any wrongdoing, and none of the parties has been charged with any
wrongdoing.

But according to the sources, Drexel executives would be willing to negotiate a
consent decree with the S.E.C. if that would remove the cloud that has been
hanging over the New York-based firm for more than a year.

Under such a decree, Drexel would neither admit nor deny charges, but would be
willing to agree to certain limited sanctions, such as an injunction against
future violations of Federal securities laws and possible fines.

Some Allegations Dropped

Drexel was informed earlier this year by the S.E.C. staff that it was prepared
to move ahead with civil charges of securities fraud, and Drexel was allowed to
respond to the allegations, in line with legal practice. Only a few allegations
were dropped after Drexel argued against them, leaving the current 18, according
to the sources.

It could not be determined if the charges that were authorized involve any
individuals at Drexel.

Of these 18 deals in which Drexel could be charged, 14 relate to deals in which
Mr. Boesky was involved, according to the sources.

Details of the charges could not be learned. According to the sources, they
relate to violations of rules that require disclosure of stock positions held
for other parties, a practice known as ''parking,'' and laws that prohibit a
securities firm from dealing in the securities of a company when it possesses
inside information about that company.

News of the decision by the S.E.C.'s commissioners to approve the filing of the
charges was first reported last night in Wednesday editions of The Washington
Post.

Grand Jury Investigation

The authorization by the commissioners does not mean that the actual filing of
the charges is imminent, according to lawyers close to the investigation.
Because there is also a grand jury investigation of Drexel's practices, the
civil charges might have to wait for the outcome of the criminal inquiry.

But negotiations could begin between the S.E.C. and Drexel to settle the civil
charges. According to the sources, Drexel executives, in internal discussions,
have agreed to see if the S.E.C. would be willing to negotiate a settlement.

Gary Lynch, director of enforcement at the S.E.C., refused to comment on the
case. And in Washington late last night, three officials of the S.E.C. said
agency policy precluded them from commenting on the matter.

Asked to confirm the Post article, Kevin S. Fogarty, counsel to one of the
commissioners, said, ''Can't say yes; can't say no; can't say maybe.''

Drexel executives refused to confirm whether the firm had been told of the
authorization.

A Drexel spokesman read a statement in which the firm said it had argued
strongly against the proposed S.E.C. civil charges submitted earlier this year.
The statement also said the firm believed that many of the charges relied on the
testimony of Mr. Boesky, whom it called an unreliable witness because of his
admission of being involved in a felony.

According to the sources, Drexel would probably be willing to negotiate a
consent decree that permitted the firm to continue to operate unimpeded, but
would fight any attempt to remove Mr. Milken from the business or any other
action that would sharply hamper the firm's ability to operate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

DuPont and Chemours Co settle lawsuits relating to chemical leaks

LENGTH: 221  words


(JURIST) - DuPont and Chemours Co settled approximately 3,550 personal injury
claims for $671 million on Monday. The claims arose after a leak of
perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), a chemical used to make Teflon with known links
to cancer, from DuPont`s Parkersburg, West Virginia, plant. The claimants
alleged that the chemical contaminated their water supplies and had been linked
to the appearance of six separate diseases, including testicular and kidney
cancer, in the area. In a statement, DuPont claimed to have phased out the usage
of PFOA entirely in 2013, two years before production of the chemical was
completely halted. Both DuPont and Chemours Co denied any wrongdoing.

This settlement comes in the wake of DuPont`s $130 billion merger with Dow
Chemical, which is expected to be completed later this year. In 2005 DuPont
settled an EPA lawsuit regarding its use of PFOA for $16.5 million. Although
this settlement was the largest ever collected under federal environmental laws
at the time, DuPont denied any wrongdoing. Also in 2005 two Florida law firms
filed a claim on behalf of 14 plaintiffs who argued that DuPont had used PFOA in
its non-stick cookware and DuPont also settled another PFOA lawsuit for $340
million in West Virginia. In both instances, DuPont denied any wrongdoing. 2017
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 3, 2008 Sunday

2008: 'Dirty tricks' or fair play by Intel in rivalry with AMD?

BYLINE: By Steve Johnson Mercury News

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1291 words


Buried in more than 150 million pages of documents compiled in the legal dispute
between Silicon Valley chip makers Advanced Micro Devices and Intel is a
remarkable tale of alleged corporate nastiness that could keep the courts and
regulatory bodies buzzing for years.

AMD claims its larger rival Intel has used under-the-table payments, threats and
other "dirty tricks" to deter computer makers from buying AMD's semiconductors.
It says Intel, among other wrongdoings, offered a Tech Data executive a $1
million bribe, browbeat Acer into backing out of an AMD promotion and sold
software that crashed computers running AMD chips.

The pages of AMD's suit accuse Intel of so many acts of market intimidation they
"read like a chapter from 'The Godfather,' " according to Nathan Brookwood, a
research fellow at the Saratoga market consulting firm Insight 64.

Intel insists it has done no more than provide legitimate incentives to use its
products and that its business practices have helped keep computer costs low.

Still, the accusations by AMD - whose stock has plunged in recent months to
nearly a 20-year low - have sparked a worldwide furor. Authorities in Japan,
South Korea and Europe also have accused Intel of wrongdoing. Moreover, the
Federal Trade Commission and New York's attorney general in recent months have
launched investigations into its practices.

How all this plays out could have multibillion-dollar implications for both
companies as well as for consumers, experts say. But determining what really has
gone on in the chip industry could prove monumentally daunting.

A special master assigned to the case estimated that the documents dredged up by
the suit so far would produce "a pile 137 miles high." Yet depositions with key
industry figures are just beginning and the fact-finding could drag on for
years.

"This case is on track to be the largest in terms of discovery in the history of
civil litigation," said Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy.

Fights go back to '80s

Santa Clara-based Intel, founded in 1968, and AMD of Sunnyvale, founded a year
later, have been squabbling in court over patents and other matters on and off
since the early 1980s. But the wrangling intensified in 2000, when AMD began
accusing Intel of trying to monopolize the $30-billion-a-year global market for
so-called x86 microprocessors, the brainy chips that execute high-speed
instructions in various computers and servers.

In 2005, AMD filed suit in a Delaware federal court claiming Intel had used its
80 percent market share "to keep prices high, to stifle competition and to
eliminate consumer choice."

One big dispute between the two companies involves so-called discounts or
rebates that Intel has given computer makers and others to buy substantial
quantities of its chips. AMD claims Intel misused its market dominance and
illegally structured the discounts in ways to ensure its customers relied on it
for the vast majority of their chips.

For example, its lawsuit alleges that Intel in 2003 paid Sony millions of
dollars "disguised as discounts and promotional support" to sell Intel's chips
exclusively. As a result, AMD's share of Sony's business plunged from 23 percent
in 2002 to zero.

Sony declined a Mercury News request to comment on the accusation. Intel
executives freely acknowledge providing discounts to their high-volume customers
but insist such payments are common in many industries and perfectly legitimate.

AMD's accusations

Many documents in the case - scheduled to go to trial in 2010 - have been kept
secret under a court protective order. However, in portions of the suit made
public, AMD accuses Intel of a broad array of abuses, including:

Purposely designing Intel's compilers - programs it sells that translate
software from independent vendors into a language machines can read - so that
computers using AMD chips would suffer degraded performance "or simply crash."

Offering a high-ranking Tech Data executive a $1 million bribe to stop doing
business with AMD. When the executive turned the money down, AMD claims, an
Intel representative responded, "How much would it take?"

Pressuring Hewlett-Packard "to consider firing" an HP executive involved in a
proposed deal in which AMD promised HP 1 million free chips to gain access to
its business computers in 2002. Consequently, HP took only 160,000 of AMD's free
chips.

Withholding delivery of server chips that Compaq "desperately needed" in 2000
after Compaq did business with AMD, prompting Compaq Chief Executive Michael
Capellas to stop buying AMD chips, saying he "had a gun to his head."

Threatening Acer with "severe consequences" if it went ahead with its plan to
promote AMD's new Athlon64 chip in 2003 while delaying payment of at least $15
million it owed Acer. As a result, Acer withdrew its promotions for the AMD
chip.

It's unclear whether any of the companies that AMD contends Intel bullied have
cooperated with regulatory agencies in Asia and Europe, which have issued only
terse summaries of their investigations. It's also not known whether any of
those companies will confirm AMD's allegations in the lawsuit or whether they
have provided evidence against Intel in the ongoing probes by the FTC and New
York.

"As a matter of policy, HP cooperates with governmental legal and regulatory
authorities whenever it is appropriate and possible for us to do so," said
spokeswoman Emma McCulloch.

However, executives at HP, Tech Data and First Data of Colorado, where Capellas
now is CEO, declined to comment on the suit. Officials with other companies
mentioned in the case didn't respond to requests for comment.

AMD has not yet placed a dollar amount on its alleged damages. Nor have
attorneys handling a separate class-action lawsuit pending against Intel by U.S.
consumers indicated how much money they will seek. However, "we believe that the
damages will be in the billions of dollars," said Steve Fimmel, an attorney
involved with the class-action suit.

Given that Intel earned more than $38 billion in revenue last year, the company
likely would survive having to pay that, industry analysts say. But the lawsuits
and the ongoing regulatory agency investigations could drag on for years, and
it's hard to predict how the dispute might be resolved.

Consumers affected?

Courts have differed on what constitutes anti-competitive behavior, according to
legal experts interviewed by the Mercury News. But a company generally is
considered to have abused its market dominance if its behavior hurts consumers,
according to William Page, a senior associate dean at the University of
Florida's Levin College of Law.

That is a key issue of contention in the case of Intel.

Its executives claim chip prices have plunged 42 percent since 2000, hardly the
sign of a market-monopolizing bully.

AMD executives acknowledge that prices have dropped in terms of "per unit of
microprocessor performance," the amount of data processed in a given period of
time. Because of technological improvements, chips can do more faster than ever
before.

But AMD executives say the price of individual chips hasn't changed much, aside
from dropping after the tech bubble burst about 2001 and after AMD sued Intel in
2005.

The answer to whether Intel did or didn't act improperly will likely be found in
the enormous array of electronic and other documents being sifted through by
attorneys and government regulators.

To try to make sense of it all, AMD's lead lawyer, Chuck Diamond, said he is
using special data-categorizing software initially developed for the U.S.
intelligence community. Even so, the task is Herculean.

"We're in a sea of material," he said, adding, "the cost of litigation on both
sides is extraordinary."

Contact Steve Johnson at sjohnson@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5043.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 29, 1994 Sunday

BYLINE: Kevin Giles

LENGTH: 922 words


It was a passionate week for journalism at the Tribune, and readers might like
to hear the ""inside scoop'' involving our stories on coal mine landfills and E.
coli bacteria. (You also might want to know that Bismarck School Board member
Cindy Hochstetler, who's up for re-election, doesn't want her picture taken.
She'll provide her own from a commercial studio photographer. But more on that
later.)

Managers at Basin Electric Power Cooperative were unhappy about our three-part
series, ""Crisis in Coal Country,'' which appeared Sunday through Tuesday. We
invited them to the Tribune on Thursday to listen to their objections.
Representing Basin were General Manager Bob McPhail; Ken Ziegler, manager of
communications and government relations; Richard Fockler, general manager for
operations and engineering; Dewey Heggen, manager of member and public
communications; and Stan Stelter, who covered news for the Tribune for some 15
years before he turned to public relations. Their criticism centered mostly on
headlines, which the Basin people thought were one-sided, and their general
feeling was that the series constituted old news revived by a few disgruntled
miners. Representing the Tribune, besides me, were Publisher Pete Selkowe and
the authors of the series, State Editor Deneen Gilmour and staff writer Peter
Salter. The stories contained more than 70 pro and con references to Basin,
including information the Tribune gleaned from state records that showed Basin
had been cleared of wrongdoing in the past. We were interested in what Basin had
to say. Heggen came armed with sample headlines Basin would have written in
place of ours. In ""Coal out, garbage in,'' Basin would substitute ""inert
waste'' for ""garbage.'' The headline ""Basin denies any wrongdoing'' would
become ""Basin cleared of any wrongdoing.'' Their biggest complaint was our
series' title: ""Crisis in Coal Country.'' Said Basin: There's no crisis, and
this is a series about just one mine. We recognize Basin's right to disagree
with our stories and our headlines, and if we strayed outside the facts, we
should admit it. But we didn't hear anything that convinced us our series was
less than impartial. Basin's opinion of us didn't change either; GM McPhail's
response to the series appears below this column on this page. Ultimately, we
disagree with Basin's premise that the series was of little public concern.
Basin is one of North Dakota's business big boys and, as Heggen said, is ""held
to a higher ideal.'' Sure enough. For the record, the miners didn't come to us
with the story. The issue is a hot topic of conversation in Oliver and Mercer
counties, not limited to union miners and their families. Basin started its spin
control even before our stories appeared. In a memo to employees dated May 18,
Ziegler tried to get out front of the news, explaining what Gilmour and Salter
had asked of Basin, and how Basin had replied. As to miners' allegations that
they had inhaled cancer-causing asbestos fibers, he wrote: ""It is our position
there is no health danger from such a limited exposure.'' He also wrote: ""The
story will be what the Tribune writers choose to write.'' Amen. That's what
newspapers in America do. Be thankful that the news you read isn't controlled by
special interests. After the stories were published, Basin posted additional
memos at mine sites telling workers the Tribune stories were ""unbalanced and
sensational.'' The latest development Friday came when Basin canceled its
participation in the Tribune's Jeans Day, which raises money for charity. Not a
single Jeans Day penny goes to the Tribune. We'll miss them. Food for thought
Health inspectors for the city of Bismarck and the state Health Department
stonewalled on public information regarding an outbreak of the dangerous E. coli
infection this past week. We fielded a multitude of phone calls from outraged
readers who thought the secrecy was endangering the public welfare. The callers
also thought the inspectors' refusal to name the restaurant where the people ate
and got sick in effect incriminated all Bismarck-Mandan restaurants. We asked
our legal counsel, Bismarck attorney Jack McDonald, to try to persuade the
inspectors to release the public records, and to take them to court if
necessary. Since when is a threat to public health not the public's business?
Friday morning we broke the real story. In an exclusive interview with Wood
House owner Bill Wood, we named his restaurant for the first time. We
copyrighted the story, but KFYR radio, which regularly reads Tribune stories
over the air, broadcast it without crediting the Tribune. The same announcer, by
the way, had hurled another of his routine barbs at our paper a day or two
earlier because we hadn't printed the restaurant's name -- as though Meyer
Broadcasting doesn't have its own news department. We supplied them, and you,
with the information. Picture perfect Cindy Hochstetler has to learn she can't
have things both ways. She refuses to let our photographers take her picture --
which we'll do anyway in any public setting. Instead, she offers a formal
portrait, devoid of emotion, taken by a photographer of her choice. We prefer
candid photographs that show candidates as the real people they are. Voters
ought to be concerned, too, when candidates prefer rehearsed answers to
pre-arranged questions, and turn down public appearances when they can't control
the outcome. Hochstetler has made a name in this town. She'd better become
accustomed to the exposure.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Pair behind Planned Parenthood videos indicted in Texas

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 731 words


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- Two anti-abortion activists who made undercover videos
alleging Planned Parenthood illegally sold fetal tissue to researchers for a
profit face criminal charges in Texas from a grand jury that also found no
wrongdoing by the abortion provider.

The Houston grand jury, which was empaneled to investigate Planned Parenthood
after the Center for Medical Progress released its undercover footage last year,
indicted the center's founder and another activist on Monday. The indictment was
the first time anyone with the anti-abortion group has been charged criminally
since the videos began surfacing last year.

The videos provoked outrage among Republican leaders nationwide and prompted
investigations by Republican-led committees in Congress and by GOP-led state
governments. Planned Parenthood officials have denied any wrongdoing and have
said the videos were misleadingly edited.

Center for Medical Progress CEO David Daleiden and activist Sandra Merritt each
face a felony charge of tampering with a governmental record, which carries a
maximum penalty of 20 years in prison. Daleiden also faces a misdemeanor count
related to purchasing human organs.

The center's footage from the Planned Parenthood clinic in Houston showed people
pretending to be from a company called BioMax that procures fetal tissue for
research touring the facility. Planned Parenthood has said that the fake company
sent an agreement offering to pay the "astronomical amount" of $1,600 for organs
from a fetus. The clinic said it never entered into the agreement and ceased
contact with BioMax because it was "disturbed" by the overtures.

In a statement announcing the indictment, Harris County District Attorney Devon
Anderson did not provide details on the charges, including what record or
records were allegedly tampered with. Her office said it could not disclose more
information, and it was unclear when the indictments would be made public.

"We were called upon to investigate allegations of criminal conduct by Planned
Parenthood Gulf Coast," Anderson, an elected Republican, said in her statement.
"As I stated at the outset of this investigation, we must go where the evidence
leads us."

Daleiden issued a statement saying his group "uses the same undercover
techniques" as investigative journalists and follows all applicable laws.

"We respect the processes of the Harris County District Attorney, and note that
buying fetal tissue requires a seller as well," he said.

Planned Parenthood has said a few clinics in two states used to accept legally
allowed reimbursement for the costs of providing tissue donated by some of its
abortion clients. In October, Planned Parenthood announced that it would no
longer accept reimbursement and would cover the costs itself.

The group called Monday's indictments the latest in a string of victories since
the videos were released, saying that by its count, 11 state investigations have
cleared the nation's largest abortion provider of claims that it profited from
fetal tissue donation.

"This is absolutely great news because it is a demonstration of what Planned
Parenthood has said from the very beginning: We follow every law and regulation
and these anti-abortion activists broke multiple laws to try and spread lies,"
said spokeswoman Rochelle Tafolla of Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast.

The Texas video was the fifth released by the Center for Medical Progress.

Despite the center's lofty name, public filings suggest only a small number of
people are affiliated with the nonprofit, none of whom are scientists or
physicians engaged in advancing medical treatments. The people named as its top
officers are longtime anti-abortion activists with a history of generating
headlines.

Earlier this month, Planned Parenthood sued the center in a California federal
court, alleging extensive criminal misconduct. The lawsuit says the center's
videos were the result of numerous illegalities, including making recordings
without consent, registering false identities with state agencies and violating
nondisclosure agreements.

After the lawsuit was filed, Daleiden told The Associated Press he looked
forward to confronting Planned Parenthood in court.

------

Associated Press writers Juan A. Lozano in Houston, Will Weissert in Austin and
David Crary in New York contributed to this report.

------

Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pauljweber

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 20, 2012 Friday
                               e_edition EDITION

Feds seek help to stop teacher cheats;
Creating manual on prevention

BYLINE: Greg Toppo, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 380 words


The Obama administration is creating a manual showing how schools can fight
teacher-led cheating on standardized tests, asking educators to help stomp out
"testing irregularities."

The  move comes 10 months after a USA TODAY investigation found high erasure
rates on standardized tests in many District of Columbia public schools, and six
months after Georgia's governor released findings of a major investigation that
found widespread cheating in Atlanta public schools.

The U.S. Department of Education says it will host a symposium on cheating and
publish "best practices" recommendations on how to prevent, detect and respond
to cheating in schools.

The government wants to know, among other things, how school culture plays a
role in cheating and how school districts handle wrongdoing when it's found.

It also wants to know what can be done "to restore the credibility of a school
system that has been tarnished by alleged or actual wrongdoing." It's giving
educators a month to submit their best ideas.

Department spokesman Daren Briscoe says valid student performance  data are
essential and that "even the hint of testing misconduct can undermine school
reform efforts. That's why we're taking every possible step to ensure the
integrity of these data."

The request, in a notice filed Tuesday  in the Federal Register,  comes almost
exactly a decade after President George W. Bush signed the No Child Left Behind
education law, which relies heavily on standardized testing in math and reading.

The USA TODAY probe, published last March, found that 103 D.C. schools had test
erasure rates that indicated possible cheating  from 2008 to 2010.

A few days later, District of Columbia officials reopened a cheating
investigation, and federal Department of Education officials are assisting.

Bob Schaffer of the National Center for Fair and Open Testing, an advocacy
group, says he wonders why the department is "wasting time and money collecting
information that is available from state education agencies, such as Georgia,
which demonstrated how to do a 'best practice' cheating investigation."

"Instead of spinning its wheels," Schaffer said, "the department should make
wrapping up its long-delayed review of test score manipulation in Washington,
D.C., public schools a top priority."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Mayor calls himself a target, denies wrongdoing in limousine incident

BYLINE: Roger Phillips, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 788 words


Feb. 21--STOCKTON -- Mayor Anthony Silva apologized to Stockton residents Friday
for an ill-fated December limousine ride long Highway 99 but also stated the
limousine driver is "a guy who wants to be paid" and complained that he is being
"targeted in the media."

Silva also disputed a California Highway Patrol news release that described all
limousine passengers, including him, as "highly intoxicated," and the mayor said
he would pay for thousands of dollars in damage to the vehicle if he was able to
do so.

"I don't have the money to pay," said Silva, who makes nearly $105,000 a year as
mayor and will run for a second term in 2016. "I'm broke."

News of the chaotic Dec. 14 limousine ride south on Highway 99 in Galt broke
Thursday night.

Silva acknowledged Thursday he was a passenger during the traffic stop, in which
33-year-old Curtis Mitchell of Woodbridge was arrested on suspicion of battery
of his fiancée and the white 2000 Mercedes stretch limousine sustained major
interior damage. Silva was not arrested.

Friday on his Facebook page, Silva wrote, "I am obviously being targeted in the
media simply because I was present."

Silva added, "Do I feel extremely bad about this incident? Yes! How many of you
have been present when you witness someone break something? Are you guilty just
for simply being there? ... I apologize to the Stockton residents that I even
went to Sacramento that night. Every day I am fighting hard to make Stockton
better. ... I am very sorry for this distraction."

The CHP news release from December did not identify Silva by name but said all
of the limousine's passengers were "highly intoxicated" during the early morning
traffic stop. Silva said during Friday's phone conversation, "Did I drink? Yes I
did. I don't know if it was fair to say I was intoxicated. I don't think so."

The limousine driver, who has declined to be identified because he says he does
not want adverse publicity for his recently established business, has retained
Woodbridge attorney Randy Thomas to represent him.

Thomas said Friday that he spoke with Silva on Thursday but has not been able to
reach Mitchell. He said if the damage to the vehicle, estimated at as much as
$10,000, is not reimbursed, he may file a lawsuit against all of the limousine's
passengers.

"I told the mayor I would like to resolve the matter and that it should have
been resolved by now," Thomas said. "My client suffered significant loss to his
vehicle and a loss of business. I let everyone know who was in the vehicle they
can take care of it without going to court. ... People have waited months and
done nothing to help my client."

Asked if the limousine driver could use his insurance to cover the damage,
Thomas declined comment other than to say, "He shouldn't have to use his
insurance, should he?"

Silva wrote on Facebook, "I was told by the owner of the limousine service that
he had insurance but he did not want to make a claim because his deductible may
go up." The mayor added he had previously been assured the damage to the limo,
which has been largely repaired at its owner's expense, would be paid for by the
passengers who caused it.

The driver said Friday he could tell all his passengers were intoxicated when he
picked them up early on Dec. 14 to bring them home from a Sacramento nightclub.

"I thought, 'Oh, great, this is not going to be good,' " the driver said during
Friday's interview. "Everybody was super intoxicated."

As he drove south, the driver said he began to smell marijuana smoke wafting
from the passenger compartment and heard loud banging on the glass. The driver
said he never saw "the mayor smoking anything."

Silva said during Friday's interview, "Nobody used any drugs in my presence.
That's a fact. I'm allergic to cigarette smoke and marijuana smoke."

The driver said he finally closed the partition separating him from the
passenger compartment, called 911, pulled off Highway 99 at Twin Cities Road,
and circled around a Raley's supermarket parking lot while he waited for
officers to arrive.

"They were so intoxicated I don't even think they knew where they were," the
driver said when asked if the passengers asked him why he had pulled off the
highway. "No one even realized it."

After Mitchell was taken away by officers, the driver took the rest of his
passengers home. In the back of the limo, the driver said he noticed Silva
comforting Mitchell's fiancée.

"Her head was on his shoulder," the driver said.

-- Contact reporter Roger Phillips at (209) 546-8299 or rphillips@recordnet.com
Follow him at recordnet.com/phillipsblog and on Twitter @rphillipsblog.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150221-SK-Mayor-calls-himself-a-target-denies-wrongdoing
-in-limousine-incident-0221-20150221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

Da Clears City Police;
Prisoner Committed Suicide In Hq Cell

BYLINE: Brett Hambright

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

The Lancaster County district attorney has cleared city police of any wrongdoing
related to the October suicide of an inmate at the police station.

Prisoner Madou Bathily, 24, hanged himself in a police station holding cell on
Oct. 25, according to officials.

Bathily, of West King Street, had been arrested for theft and locked up about an
hour earlier, according to investigators.

District Attorney Craig Stedman said Monday that police officers and staff
exercised standard and proper procedure when they placed Bathily in the holding
cell.

Stedman reviewed a surveillance video and incident reports before making his
ruling.

"We have reviewed the reports, as well as the video of this extremely
unfortunate incident, and concluded that there is no evidence of any criminal
wrongdoing on the part of the Lancaster Bureau of Police," Stedman said.

The video showed that Bathily was hanging for more than 30 seconds before he
died, officials said.

"The video shows that Madou Bathily was clearly determined to take his own life
and had plenty of time and opportunity to save his own life if he had wanted
to," the district attorney said.

Stedman said Bathily could have used a nearby bench to save himself.

Bathily was the fourth prisoner since March to commit suicide while in custody
of Lancaster County law enforcement officials.

The prior three happened at Lancaster County Prison.

Inmates Ronald P. Snyder, Matthew McNamara and John Kruger died at the prison.
Snyder hanged himself, and McNamara and Kruger jumped to their deaths, according
to officials.

Stedman has found no criminal wrongdoing on the part of officials in any of the
suicides.

Bathily was locked up for stealing a wallet left behind at Fast Lane Grocery, 14
S. Prince St., police reported. The wallet contained $1,000 in cash.

The theft was caught on camera, police said. Bathily can be seen in that video
placing the wallet in a trash can. Police recovered the wallet but not the cash.

Local investigators have said they do not believe Bathily had a criminal record.
If he did not, he likely was facing probation if convicted of stealing the money
from the wallet.

bhambright@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Auglaize County deputy cleared in fatal shooting

BYLINE: Bob Blake, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


May 13--WAPAKONETA -- The Auglaize County Sheriff's Office deputy who has been
on paid administrative leave since a January shooting left a Waynesfield man
dead has been cleared of any wrongdoing and has returned to work, the sheriff
said Thursday.

The shooting followed a Jan. 28 slow-speed pursuit through St. Marys after which
Dennis R. Slone, 42, pulled a gun and pointed it at officers, Auglaize County
Sheriff Al Solomon said. Two separate investigations exonerated Sgt. Brian
Little of any wrongdoing, Solomon said.

The state investigation was conducted by the Ohio Bureau of Criminal
Identification and Investigation. The Wood County Sheriff's Office handled the
internal investigation.

Eve Mueller, press secretary for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office,
said there was no immediate timetable for the release of additional findings
from the Ohio BCI&I investigation. The state agency was called the night of the
shooting to handle the investigation at the request of Solomon.

Little had been in the first cruiser behind Slone during the pursuit, which
ended at the Marathon station near the intersection of Main and South streets in
St. Marys. Slone, a former St. Marys police officer, confronted officers with a
gun and Little fired three shots. Those were the only shots fired during the
incident, Solomon said.

"I am very pleased that Sgt. Little has been cleared of any wrongdoing and will
be returning to active duty," Solomon said. "It is always a terrible tragedy for
the loved ones of the deceased and also for the deputy and officers and their
family and friends when the line of duty places a law enforcement officer in
harm's way and results in the taking of a human life."

Solomon said he appreciated the independent investigation by the outside
agencies.

"We are saddened by Mr. Slone's death and can now work to move on," Solomon
said. "The independent investigation hopefully brings some closure for everyone
involved."

Little, a 1988 graduate of Memorial High School in St. Marys, came to the
Sheriff's Office in October 2003 after more than 10 years with the Cincinnati
Police Department. Little worked in the evidence and property management
section, on road patrol and was a member of the Special Weapons and Tactics team
during his tenure in Cincinnati, according to documents in his personnel file.

Solomon said Little returned to work Wednesday after both investigations
concluded.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110513-LM-Auglaize-County-deputy-cleared-in-fatal-shooting-0513-20110513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2011 The Lima News


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            April 23, 2011 Saturday

Council adds whistle-blower protections;
Covers employees who report fraud, wrongdoing

BYLINE: ERIN COX; Staff Writer

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Government; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 353  words


A new whistle-blower bill passed by the County Council Tuesday night gives job
protection to county employees who report fraud or other wrongdoing by
government officials.

The bill comes as a grand jury probes how County Executive John R. Leopold used
county employees in his re-election campaign, but the bill's sponsor said the
measure's purpose is more far-reaching.

"This protects the taxpayers of the county because it protects the employees who
are in the best position to report fraud," said Councilman Jamie Benoit,
D-Crownsville, who introduced the bill.

Current county law protects employees who report ethics breaches, but the
whistle-blower protection was not extended to employees reporting criminal
behavior.

Daniel Semick, a fraud investigator from Annapolis, told the council that
whistle-blowers are dramatically more effective in uncovering fraud than an
outside audit.

"Fear of retaliation is the biggest indication of fraud in the workplace,"
Semick said during the council's meeting in the Arundel Center in Annapolis.

The County Council passed the bill Tuesday night without discussion.

While federal whistle-blower laws already protect employees, they can be costly
to invoke because the employee would need to hire a lawyer and file a lawsuit in
federal court. Benoit has said the county law makes it easier for county
employees to appeal suspensions or firings related to reporting wrongdoing.

The council also took up about a dozen amendments to a comprehensive zoning bill
that has been pending since February. The panel is wading through requests and
recommendations on how property in the western and northwestern portions of the
county should be used.

A final vote on the bill could come next month.

The council also appointed five attorneys to the Charter Revision Commission, a
once-a-decade panel that redraws County Council districts and considers whether
to change the County Charter. The panel is convened to coincide with the U.S.
Census.

The members of the 2011 commission are Jana H. Carey, Joshua C. Greene, Dirk D.
Haire, Jason E. Rheinstein and Linda M. Schuett.

---

ecox@capitalgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 28, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Grand jury subpoenas City Hall records on contracts in probe of wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Brian Meyer - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 411 words


City Hall records for some of the region's best-known architectural and
engineering firms are being subpoenaed by an Erie County grand jury
investigating possible wrongdoing involving municipal contracts in Buffalo and
Amherst.

The latest subpoena arrived Thursday in the office of city Comptroller Andrew A.
SanFilippo. It seeks information about payments Buffalo made to 11 vendors over
an eight-year period.

The companies include Malcolm Pirnie, URS and DiDonato Associates Engineering
and Architecture, and Foit-Albert Associates, The News has learned.

Malcolm Pirnie and URS have performed numerous consulting jobs for the city and
some of its agencies over the years. DiDonato Associates most recently was hired
last year to inspect the exterior of City Hall in advance of a face lift that
began this month.

Tony Farina, executive assistant to the comptroller, said the grand jury wants
vendor invoices and other data that track city payments to 11 companies from
Jan. 1, 1998, to Jan. 1, 2006. He declined to name the vendors.

"But we're talking about hundreds of documents, if not more," said Farina.
"We'll fully comply with the request."

Farina stressed that subpoenas alone do not signal any wrongdoing by vendors or
city officials. "We're not reading anything into this other than the fact that
[the grand jury] wants to examine records," he said.

The investigation is looking into allegations that some officials in Buffalo and
Amherst may have taken lavish trips and received other perks paid for by
companies that have done government work. Many of the contracts that have been
red-flagged in the probe involve work in the city's Public Works Department.
Commissioner Joseph N. Giambra, who has headed the department since 1994, also
pledged to fully cooperate with investigators.

The comptroller will have until May 22 to submit all data.

Meanwhile, two Common Council members will introduce a resolution next week that
would increase lawmakers' oversight role when it comes to approving and
monitoring smaller contracts. Larger contracts already have built-in
accountability mechanisms, but South Council Member Michael P. Kearns said
hundreds of thousands of dollars in smaller contracts are doled out to
consultants and other companies by city departments.

"We think the Council should see these contracts and have approval power over
them," said Kearns, who will co-sponsor the bill with Lovejoy Council Member
Richard A. Fontana.

e-mail: bmeyer@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                  May 11, 2006

Defense;
Weapons Development Costs Overrun; Other Developments

SECTION: Pg. 375D3

LENGTH: 421 words

Other News

 In other news about weapons development and military contracts:

     ·    The Pentagon April 14 ordered the Air Force to resume a program for
          buying airborne refueling tankers that had been suspended since May
          2004. The Air Force was expected to issue a contract for the tankers
          in 2007. [See 2005 Defense: Military Budget Cut Ordered]
     ·    Maryland U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein April 6 announced that 3e
          Technologies, a Rockville, Maryland-based company, had agreed to pay
          the Navy $1.6 million to settle claims that it had inflated charges
          for shipboard automation technology. The company did not admit to any
          wrongdoing.
     ·    The New York Times April 2 reported that Subrata Ghoshroy, an
          investigator with the Government Accountability Office (GAO), had
          alleged that the GAO in a February 2002 report had ignored evidence of
          contractor fraud in connection with a $26 billion program to develop a
          prototype antimissile warhead. Ghoshroy claimed that The Boeing Co.,
          the lead contractor for the program, had falsified data on the
          warhead, and that the GAO had overlooked that in its report. Boeing
          denied any wrongdoing. The Times quoted GAO Comptroller General David
          Walker as describing Ghoshroy--who was currently on leave from the
          GAO--as a "relatively low-level, disgruntled employee" whose
          accusations were baseless. [See 2005 Canada: Martin Opts Out of U.S.
          Missile Defense; Other Development]
     ·    The Navy March 24 awarded a $3 billion, three-year contract extension
          to Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS), of Plano, Texas, to maintain
          the Navy-Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI), an internal computer network.
          [See 2000 Defense: Navy Awards Computer Network Contract]
     ·    Armor Holdings Inc., a Jacksonville, Florida-based company, February
          27 announced that it had signed a $755 million deal to acquire
          Houston, Texas-based vehicle manufacturer Stewart & Stevenson Services
          Inc. The deal would make Armor the primary contractor for the
          military's armored vehicles, including its major troop transports.
          [See 2004 Iraqi Insurgents Strike Shiite Muslim Holy Cities, U.S.
          Troops; Election Campaign Begins Amid Violence; Other Developments]
     ·    The Air Force January 27 announced that Lockheed Martin Corp. had been
          awarded a $2 billion, 10-year contract to develop an operating system
          for its Transformational Satellite Communications System (TSAT), which
          was intended to vastly expand the military's broadband Internet
          network. The Air Force February 3 awarded Lockheed a separate $491
          million contract to build a satellite for the TSAT program.




LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Facts on File, Inc.


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            July 27, 2005 Wednesday

GMAC to sell up to $55B in auto loans to BofA

SECTION: BUSINESS; BRIEF; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 619 words


General Motors Corp.'s GMAC financial services unit said Tuesday it will sell up
to $55 billion worth of U.S. auto loans to Bank of America Corp. over the next
five years in a deal to raise cash and help the division finance more vehicles.
Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America, the nation's second-largest bank by
assets, will make an initial purchase of $5 billion. In each of the agreement's
five years, Bank of America will purchase up to $10 billion of GMAC's active
U.S. auto-finance contracts. GMAC will continue to service the contracts. Bank
of America will hold the loans and sell them to investors. GMAC, which expects
to earn at least $2.5 billion this year, has made more money than its parent GM
in the last few years. Last week, GMAC posted net income of $816 million for the
second quarter while the overall corporation, led downward by its North American
automotive operations, lost $286 million.

Former Qwest exec settles fraud charges

Federal regulators said Tuesday a former executive of Qwest Communications
International Inc. agreed to pay $2.1 million to settle civil charges that he
participated in a fraud conspiracy that forced the telecommunications company to
restate billions in revenue. Gregory Casey also agreed to cooperate with the
Securities and Exchange Commission's investigation into accounting
irregularities at the Denver-based company, which serves 14 states including
Minnesota. He did not admit any wrongdoing. The agreement prohibits Casey from
acting as an officer or director of a public company for five years. Casey was
one of seven former Qwest executives, including former CEO Joseph Nacchio,
charged in a civil lawsuit alleging accounting schemes that later forced the
company to erase revenue. Nacchio denied wrongdoing. His case is still pending.
Former CFO Robin Szeliga this month pleaded guilty to a criminal count of
insider trading, becoming the highest-ranking officer to admit wrongdoing. She
also has reached a deal with the SEC, but details have not been disclosed.

Discovery gets Martha Stewart reruns

Media and merchandising conglomerate Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. said
Tuesday that it signed with cable company Discovery Communications to
rebroadcast Stewart's upcoming daytime TV show and air a new home improvement
reality series. The companies did not disclose financial terms of the deal,
which also gives Discovery the right to distribute some of Martha Stewart Living
Omnimedia's existing shows. Omni-media said the deal provides for the "Martha"
television show to be rebroadcast on Discovery's The Learning Channel -- also
known as TLC -- each evening on the same day as the original broadcast,
syndicated by NBC. The company expects to launch "Martha" Sept. 12.

BRIEFLY

A Wyoming man was sentenced to a year and nine months in prison Tuesday after
admitting he threatened to publish negative stock reports about the Hardee's
fast-food chain's parent company if he wasn't hired as a consultant. C. Clive
Munro, 54, pleaded guilty Feb. 10 to one count of communicating interstate
threats in U.S. District Court. Beginning in April 2003, Munro, an independent
stock analyst, pressed Hardee's parent CKE Restaurants Inc.CEO Andy Puzder and
Chief Financial Officer Ted Abajian to hire him as a consultant for $25,000 a
month for a year. The company did not hire him. Munro then issued a negative
report in August 2004. ... Cendant Corp., a conglomerate with holdings in
travel, lodging and real estate, said Tuesday it will sell its marketing
services division to a unit of private equity firm Apollo Management for about
$1.83 billion.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           January 29, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

ONEOK OKs $3 million settlement

BYLINE: Adam Wilmoth, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: TULSA


ONEOK Inc. has agreed to pay $3 million to settle allegations that its energy
traders reported false information to industry publications in an attempt to
manipulate natural-gas prices.

The Tulsa-based utility company was one of five energy-trading firms that
settled with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a combined $50
million. None of the companies admitted wrongdoing in the settlements.

ONEOK in October admitted to providing erroneous information, but officials said
Wednesday it has no evidence its inaccurate reporting affected index prices.

"We are pleased the settlement reached now closes the CFTC investigation of
ONEOK, and it allows our company to move forward," said David Kyle, ONEOK's
chairman, president and chief executive officer.

ONEOK is the parent company of Oklahoma Natural Gas Co., Kansas Gas Service and
Texas Gas Services Co. Industry analyst John E. Olson said the fine likely will
have little effect on the Tulsa company.

"This is apparently the price of peace to settle with the Commodities Futures
Trading Commission," said Olson, an analyst with Sanders Morris Harris in
Houston. "The company has a very bright outlook for natural-gas marketing and
trading because they've been one of the most successful at it. They've survived
a major trial by fire and have come through almost entirely unscathed."

Four other companies agreed to fines Wednesday. Aquila Inc. said it will pay
$26.5 million and Excel Energy Inc. agreed to pay $16 million to settle similar
charges. Entergy-Koch will pay $3 million and Calpine Corp. said it will pay
$1.5 million.

Since December 2002, the commission has reached settlements with eight other
companies totaling $130 million. Tulsa-based Williams Cos. Inc. settled with the
commission for $20 million in July without admitting wrongdoing.

"Three million is a relatively common number lately, but I don't know if there's
any uniformity in it," Olson said. "It's enough to make a dent, but it's not big
enough to jeopardize the company."

The analyst said the amount paid depends on the perception of how much
wrongdoing the commission believes each company committed.

"ONEOK's fine might be the equivalent of a parking ticket," he said. "Other
people got speeding tickets and others crashed and burned."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                News-Democrat & Leader (Russellville, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

No wrongdoing by officers in shooting

BYLINE: OJ Stapleton, News-Democrat & Leader, Russellville, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


May 27--A Logan County grand jury found no wrongdoing in the shooting death of
Joseph R. Harris at the hands of three police officers.

On Friday, the grand jury heard testimony from Kentucky State Police Lt. Tim
Adams in the shooting of Harris and they decided that the police officers were
acting within their authority when they shot and killed Harris on March 15.

The grand jury released a statement after reaching their decision.

It said, "Upon listening to the testimony of Lt. Adams and viewing all the
evidence provided, we find that the officers were acting within their authority.
We wish that the situation would have been resolved a different way and that the
collateral damage to our community could have been minimized. We commend the
officers of our community for doing a difficult job in difficult circumstances."

Commonwealth Attorney Gail Guiling said that the decision to bring results of
the investigation to a grand jury was one that she reached in conjunction with
Russellville Police chief Victor Shifflet and the KSP.

"We were all on the same page," Guiling said. "It's not uncommon for prosecutors
to make the call themselves, and I would have felt comfortable doing that, but
we felt like the community might feel more confident in the results if that
decision was made by the 12 citizens of the grand jury after they heard all the
evidence."

Guiling said she agreed with the decision of the grand jury.

"It was a difficult situation that was handled by the officers properly,"
Guiling said. "It was not an outcome that anyone would have wished for."

The shooting occurred on March 15 when Harris pulled into the McDonald's parking
lot around lunch time and shot his former girlfriend, Amanda Harper, 28, of
Russellville, who was waiting in the drive-through line in her vehicle.

Harris then fled the scene on foot. Harper left the parking lot in her vehicle
and pulled across North Main Street where she then exited the roadway and struck
a building.

Harris then walked north on Main Street where he encountered responding
Russellville Police Department Sergeant Morris Kisselbaugh and officers Stephen
Meredith and Seth Whittaker, who had previously been having lunch at Subway when
they got the call.

Upon being challenged by police, Harris brandished a firearm towards the
officers, according to the KSP. At this point, all three officers fired at
Harris and he was struck approximately three times. Harris was pronounced dead
at the scene by the Logan County Coroner Mary Givens.

Vanna Krang, 48 of Russellville, was inside the Russellville Donut shop across
from where Harris was shot. Krang was struck once in the neck by gunfire.

To contact OJ Stapleton, email ostapleton@newsdemocratleader.com or call
270-726-8394.

___ (c)2016 the News-Democrat & Leader (Russellville, Ky.) Visit the
News-Democrat & Leader (Russellville, Ky.) at www.newsdemocratleader.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160527-RW-No-wrongdoing-by-officers-in-shooting-0527-20160527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RW


                     Copyright 2016 News-Democrat & Leader


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BLEW WHISTLE & URGES LAW TO AID OTHERS

BYLINE: BY TINA MOORE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 265 words


A CITY worker who was demoted after diming out a commissioner for hiring a
friend plans to speak out in favor of a bill today to protect other
whistleblowers.

"This law would give further protection to those who report wrongdoing in their
agencies," whistleblower John Tipaldo said yesterday. "It would give more
protection to those who do the right thing."

Tipaldo said his career nosedived after he charged in 1997 that
then-Transportation Commissioner Christopher Lynn hired a friend and former law
client to make 100 "No Honking" signs.

He alleged that his superiors did an end run around city bidding laws when they
awarded the $6,000 sign manufacturing job to Lynn's buddy.

Within six weeks, Tipaldo's managerial responsibilities were taken away,
according to a lawsuit in Manhattan Supreme Court. Soon after that, he was
demoted and had his salary chopped by $30,000.

Sen. Jeffrey Klein (D-Bronx), one of the bill's sponsors, said the new law, if
signed by Gov. Paterson, could prevent other workers from having to go through
the same drama.

"He certainly was hassled and went through a lot of turmoil for basically
telling the truth and doing the right thing," Klein said.

The new law would slap harsher penalties on bosses who retaliate against
whistleblowers repercussions and extend the protections to private employees. It
would also permit employees to go outside their own agencies to report
wrongdoing.

Tipaldo still works at the department and said he holds no grudge against the
current management but says that pointing out wrongdoing could hurt someone's
career.

tmoore@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Big Hedge Fund Pays $616 Million In Trading Cases

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1249 words


10:58 p.m. | Updated

The government's multiyear campaign to ferret out insider trading on Wall Street
has yielded multiple prosecutions of former employees of SAC Capital Advisors,
the giant hedge fund owned by the billionaire investor Steven A. Cohen.

On Friday, federal authorities took aim at the fund itself.

In what officials are calling the largest-ever settlement of an insider trading
action, SAC agreed to pay securities regulators about $602 million to resolve a
civil lawsuit related to improper trading at the fund.

The landmark penalty exceeds, at least before adjustment for inflation, the
fines meted out in the 1980s-era scandals involving Ivan F. Boesky and Michael
R. Milken, records at the time. It also underscores SAC's central role in the
government's recent push to prosecute illegal conduct on trading desks and in
executive suites, an effort that has yielded about 180 civil actions and more
than 75 criminal prosecutions.

SAC also agreed Friday to pay $14 million to resolve its role in an insider
trading ring that illegally traded technology stocks including Dell.

''These settlements call for the imposition of historic penalties,'' said George
S. Canellos, the Securities and Exchange Commission's acting enforcement
director.

Mr. Canellos said the resolutions did not prevent the future filing of
additional charges against any person, specifically citing Mr. Cohen, who was
not named as a defendant in the civil actions on Friday. Mr. Cohen has not been
charged with any wrongdoing and has told his clients that he believes he has
behaved properly.

In the bigger case, the agency said an SAC unit would forfeit $602 million to
settle claims that it sold nearly $1 billion in shares of two pharmaceutical
companies after a former portfolio manager at the fund received secret
information from a doctor about problems with a new drug for Alzheimer's
disease.

For SAC, which is based in Stamford, Conn., manages $15 billion and holds one of
the best investment records on Wall Street, the settlements, while another blow
to its reputation, resolve a matter that caused some of its investors to
withdraw their money. Investors became skittish last fall after regulators
warned SAC that they planned to sue the fund.

''These settlements are a substantial step toward resolving all outstanding
regulatory matters and allow the firm to move forward,'' said Jonathan
Gasthalter, a spokesman for SAC.

The settlements still need to be approved by Judge Victor Marrero of Federal
District Court in Manhattan, the presiding judge in the case. As part of its
agreement with regulators, SAC neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing. That
entrenched S.E.C. practice -- permitting defendants to settle civil claims
without acknowledging wrongdoing -- has come under increased scrutiny by the
courts, a trend that legal experts say could lead the judge to question the
settlement.

The cases brought on Friday echo earlier criminal charges against SAC employees.
In December, prosecutors indicted Mathew Martoma, a former SAC portfolio manager
at the center of the questionable drug-stock trades tied to a new Alzheimer's
drug. And Jon Horvath, a former SAC analyst, pleaded guilty last year to
participating in the Dell insider trading ring. In its legal filing on Friday,
the S.E.C. said Mr. Horvath had leaked secret information to two colleagues;
previously, the commission said that only one former SAC employee had received
tips.

A lawyer for Mr. Martoma said SAC's resolution of the two lawsuits had no
bearing on his client, who has denied the charges.

''SAC's business decision to settle with the S.E.C. in no way changes the fact
that Mathew Martoma is an innocent man,'' said Charles A. Stillman, the lawyer.
''We will never give up our fight for his vindication.''

On a conference call with reporters, government officials bragged that the $616
million amount dwarfed other prominent insider trading settlements. Raj
Rajaratnam, a former hedge fund manager convicted in 2011, paid $156 million in
combined criminal and civil penalties. Mr. Boesky, a central figure in the 1980s
trading scandals, paid $100 million then.

The sum also exceeds the amounts of older enforcement actions, including a $550
million settlement with Goldman Sachs in 2010 related to fraud accusations tied
to the sale of mortgage investments, and a $400 million settlement with Mr.
Milken, the junk bond financier, in 1990.

The larger of the two cases settled on Friday was based on powerful evidence
against Mr. Martoma, the former SAC portfolio manager. The government said Mr.
Martoma had caused SAC to sell nearly $1 billion in shares of Elan and Wyeth
because he obtained secret information from a doctor about clinical trials for a
drug being developed by the companies. Prosecutors have secured the testimony of
the doctor who reportedly leaked Mr. Martoma the drug trial data.

In bringing the criminal charge against Mr. Martoma, prosecutors appeared to be
moving closer to building a case against Mr. Cohen. The complaint noted that Mr.
Cohen had a 20-minute phone call with Mr. Martoma the night before SAC began
dumping its holdings. Prosecutors, though, have not claimed that Mr. Cohen knew
that Mr. Martoma had confidential data about the drug's prospects.

The F.B.I. has tried unsuccessfully several times to persuade Mr. Martoma to
plead guilty and cooperate against Mr. Cohen.

While the $602 million settlement in the Martoma case is a prodigious sum, it is
considerably less than the maximum that the S.E.C. could have extracted. The
agreement required SAC to pay about $275 million, an amount representing
disgorged illegal gains, as well as $52 million in interest. In addition, SAC
agreed to pay a $275 million penalty, an amount equal to the illicit gains.
Under the securities laws, however, the S.E.C. could have secured a penalty of
three times that amount, or $825 million.

The forfeited money will come from SAC, meaning that the firm will write the
government a check. SAC's investors will not pay anything or absorb any losses.
The $616 million will go into a general revenue fund of the United States
Treasury.

Representing SAC in its talks with the S.E.C. were Martin Klotz of Willkie Farr
& Gallagher and Daniel J. Kramer of Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison.

While the resolution of these two cases provides a measure of relief to SAC and
its clients, the hedge fund's legal problems have already damaged its business.
Though SAC has returned about 30 percent annually to its investors over the last
two decades -- a virtually peerless track record -- many of its clients have
parted ways with the fund.

Last month, SAC investors asked to withdraw $1.7 billion, more than a quarter of
the $6 billion that the fund manages for outside clients. The balance of SAC's
$15 billion belongs to Mr. Cohen and his employees. The next regularly scheduled
deadline for SAC clients to ask for their money back is mid-May.

In calls with concerned clients, SAC has highlighted its stepped-up efforts in
building its legal staff and compliance procedures -- an initiative that Mr.
Gasthalter reiterated Friday. ''We are committed to continuing to maintain a
first-rate compliance effort woven into the fabric of the firm.''

On a conference call discussing the case, Mr. Canellos was asked whether the
S.E.C. felt that SAC was committed to keeping a strong culture of compliance.

''I sure hope they are,'' Mr. Canellos said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/03/15/sac-settles-insider-trading-cases-for-616
-million/

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Steven A. Cohen, above, is the owner of SAC Capital Advisors.
Left, Mathew Martoma, a former employee of SAC Capital, has pleaded innocent to
illegal trading. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY STEVE MARCUS/REUTERS
 KEITH BEDFORD/REUTERS) (A3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: FBI Whistleblower Protections 'Weaker Than at Any Other Agency'

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight has issued the following news release:

FBI headquarters

FBI agents who report wrongdoing to their direct supervisor can still be
punished because the FBI, unlike any other federal law enforcement agency, only
allows employees to report wrongdoing to a small number of senior officials,
according to The Washington Post.

From the Post:

If FBI employees report waste, fraud or governmental abuse to supervisors not on
that list, those employees have no protection against management retaliation,
such as being demoted or fired.

Even after this problem was highlighted in a Government Accountability Office
(GAO) report, the Department of Justice said it did not plan to expand the
number of people FBI whistleblowers can report wrongdoing to because that might
increase the number of complaints.

At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing prompted by the GAO report, Senator
Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) called the protection for FBI whistleblowers "weaker
than at any other agency" and questioned why the FBI had special rules for how
employees can disclose wrongdoing.

The GAO report also found excessively long times for whistleblower retaliation
complaints to be resolved. One case the GAO reviewed took the Department of
Justice more than ten years to adjudicate.

In a recent interview with the Brennan Center for Justice, the Project On
Government Oversight's Danielle Brian talked about how delays and inadequate
protections like those at the FBI lead whistleblowers to contact the media and
outside organizations when they find fraud, waste, and abuse in the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: FBI Whistleblower Protections 'Weaker Than at Any Other Agency'

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight has issued the following news release:

FBI headquarters

FBI agents who report wrongdoing to their direct supervisor can still be
punished because the FBI, unlike any other federal law enforcement agency, only
allows employees to report wrongdoing to a small number of senior officials,
according to The Washington Post.

From the Post:

If FBI employees report waste, fraud or governmental abuse to supervisors not on
that list, those employees have no protection against management retaliation,
such as being demoted or fired.

Even after this problem was highlighted in a Government Accountability Office
(GAO) report, the Department of Justice said it did not plan to expand the
number of people FBI whistleblowers can report wrongdoing to because that might
increase the number of complaints.

At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing prompted by the GAO report, Senator
Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) called the protection for FBI whistleblowers "weaker
than at any other agency" and questioned why the FBI had special rules for how
employees can disclose wrongdoing.

The GAO report also found excessively long times for whistleblower retaliation
complaints to be resolved. One case the GAO reviewed took the Department of
Justice more than ten years to adjudicate.

In a recent interview with the Brennan Center for Justice, the Project On
Government Oversight's Danielle Brian talked about how delays and inadequate
protections like those at the FBI lead whistleblowers to contact the media and
outside organizations when they find fraud, waste, and abuse in the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: FBI Whistleblower Protections 'Weaker Than at Any Other Agency'

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight has issued the following news release:

FBI headquarters

FBI agents who report wrongdoing to their direct supervisor can still be
punished because the FBI, unlike any other federal law enforcement agency, only
allows employees to report wrongdoing to a small number of senior officials,
according to The Washington Post.

From the Post:

If FBI employees report waste, fraud or governmental abuse to supervisors not on
that list, those employees have no protection against management retaliation,
such as being demoted or fired.

Even after this problem was highlighted in a Government Accountability Office
(GAO) report, the Department of Justice said it did not plan to expand the
number of people FBI whistleblowers can report wrongdoing to because that might
increase the number of complaints.

At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing prompted by the GAO report, Senator
Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) called the protection for FBI whistleblowers "weaker
than at any other agency" and questioned why the FBI had special rules for how
employees can disclose wrongdoing.

The GAO report also found excessively long times for whistleblower retaliation
complaints to be resolved. One case the GAO reviewed took the Department of
Justice more than ten years to adjudicate.

In a recent interview with the Brennan Center for Justice, the Project On
Government Oversight's Danielle Brian talked about how delays and inadequate
protections like those at the FBI lead whistleblowers to contact the media and
outside organizations when they find fraud, waste, and abuse in the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: FBI Whistleblower Protections 'Weaker Than at Any Other Agency'

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight has issued the following news release:

FBI headquarters

FBI agents who report wrongdoing to their direct supervisor can still be
punished because the FBI, unlike any other federal law enforcement agency, only
allows employees to report wrongdoing to a small number of senior officials,
according to The Washington Post.

From the Post:

If FBI employees report waste, fraud or governmental abuse to supervisors not on
that list, those employees have no protection against management retaliation,
such as being demoted or fired.

Even after this problem was highlighted in a Government Accountability Office
(GAO) report, the Department of Justice said it did not plan to expand the
number of people FBI whistleblowers can report wrongdoing to because that might
increase the number of complaints.

At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing prompted by the GAO report, Senator
Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) called the protection for FBI whistleblowers "weaker
than at any other agency" and questioned why the FBI had special rules for how
employees can disclose wrongdoing.

The GAO report also found excessively long times for whistleblower retaliation
complaints to be resolved. One case the GAO reviewed took the Department of
Justice more than ten years to adjudicate.

In a recent interview with the Brennan Center for Justice, the Project On
Government Oversight's Danielle Brian talked about how delays and inadequate
protections like those at the FBI lead whistleblowers to contact the media and
outside organizations when they find fraud, waste, and abuse in the government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 10, 2006 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

'The Da Vinci Code' keeps up its winning ways;
Browninclear; sales are hot

BYLINE: Carol Memmott

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 421 words


There's just no stopping The Da Vinci Code.

A London court ruled Friday that best-selling author Dan Brown and publisher
Random House were innocent of hijacking material from Holy Blood, Holy Grail by
Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh.

The trial not only served up a lesson in copyright law, but it also taught us a
few things about Code and the people and projects associated with the
record-breaker:

*A whiff of wrongdoing can't disrupt sales. The Da Vinci Code is No. 1 on USA
TODAY's Best-Selling Books list. Publisher Anchor has just released 5.7million
paperback copies, and Doubleday has released an additional 25,000 copies of the
hardcover, which was first published in 2003.

"Random House would have preferred not to have this lawsuit and spend money
defending the book and Dan Brown, but they've certainly not been hurt by it,"
says Sara Nelson, editor in chief of Publishers Weekly.

*Even losers can be winners. Baigent's The Jesus Papers made its debut at No. 25
on USA TODAY's list last week. Holy Blood, Holy Grail is No. 58.

"The authors possibly never expected to win," says California attorney Randy
Broberg, who specializes in copyright cases.  "But even without the trial, they
would be riding the coattails of The Da Vinci Code."

*A whiff of wrongdoing can't derail a major movie. With Tom Hanks starring as
symbologist Robert Langdon, the Code film remains one of the most eagerly
awaited movies of the summer.

Says Jim Kennedy of Sony Pictures Entertainment: "While we were not a party to
this lawsuit, we're pleased by this result, and as we've been saying all along,
we are proceeding with our plans for the release of the film on May 19."

*Brown didn't act alone. The author has rarely spoken to the media about himself
or his books. But details came out about his personal life and his relationship
with his wife, Blythe.

Brown, 41, revealed that Blythe, 53, helps with much of the research for his
books and said she "was deeply passionate about the sacred feminine" and it was
her idea to include the holy bloodline theory, which contends that Jesus and
Mary Magdalene married and had a child.

Now that the trial is over, Brown says, he'll get back to work. At danbrown.com,
he writes: "I'm writing another Robert Langdon thriller -- the sequel to The Da
Vinci Code. For the first time, Langdon will find himself embroiled in a mystery
on U.S. soil. This new novel explores the hidden history of our nation's
capital."

There's no hint on a publication date, though Brown says the book is "not yet
near completion."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 24, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Two USOC Officials Cleared of Wrongdoing; E-Mail Exchanges Were Investigated

Amy Shipley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 660 words


U.S. Olympic Committee Executive Director Dick Schultz said an internal
investigation turned up no evidence of wrongdoing by two USOC officials involved
in a controversial 1995 electronic mail exchange that came to light in the Salt
Lake City Olympic scandal.

Schultz said no reprimands would be issued to the two officials, Tom Wilkinson
and Jim Page, who exchanged e-mail with former USOC official Alfredo La Mont,
who resigned last month after being tied to the scandal.

In the e-mail exchange, La Mont sought funding for training Sudanese athletes
and referred to Salt Lake City's "debt" to International Olympic Committee
members from the African nation. Salt Lake City had been awarded the Games
several months earlier.

"A lot of promises were made to secure votes," Lamont wrote in one e-mail.

In the exchange, Page expressed concern about taking money allocated to training
U.S. athletes in order to pay for training the Sudanese. Wilkinson said, "Seems
to me a deal is a deal and Sudan delivered. . . . May need Sudan again in the
future. Don't burn bridges."

Schultz said an internal investigation conducted by the USOC's outside law firm,
Hogan & Hartson, found no evidence that Page, Wilkinson or any current member of
the USOC was part of any plan to trade funding for athletes for IOC members'
votes. Schultz also said Page and Wilkinson had no reason to suspect La Mont of
possible wrongdoing because, Schultz said, it was the charge of every USOC
official to help Salt Lake City in every ethical way possible to put together a
successful bid for the 2002 Winter Games.

"That's just a red herring," Schultz said about the e-mail exchange. "There
isn't anything onerous there that we can detect.

"If people say we are sweeping this under the rug, that's what they say. There
is also a fairness factor involved in how you treat people, in what you know
about people and their credibility and integrity. Both of these people have the
highest credibility and integrity."

La Mont resigned as international relations director for the USOC in January
after it was revealed that he had a previously undisclosed business relationship
with the Salt Lake City committee that bid for the Olympics. The USOC called the
relationship a conflict of interest. La Mont has since become the subject of
several investigations into the scandal because of his business dealings with
the bid committee.

Information gathered by Hogan & Hartson has been turned over to an independent
investigative panel appointed by the USOC and led by former Sen. George
Mitchell. Schultz said the USOC would take "very seriously" any recommendations
made by the Mitchell panel with regard to the e-mails. However, a source said
the Mitchell panel is unlikely to make specific recommendations with regard to
the e-mails in its March 1 report. The recommendations made by the Mitchell
panel are expected to be more general in nature and directed toward setting
future guidelines for the conduct of U.S. cities bidding for the Olympics.

In telephone interviews yesterday, Wilkinson and Page said at the time of the
e-mail exchange they had no knowledge of improprieties with regard to the USOC
or La Mont.

Said Schultz: "If you knew Alfredo, his one stock statement when he wanted to do
something was, 'We made these promises.' That was Alfredo's stock, his excuse
for doing things. . . . There is no evidence that Wilkinson knew anything about"
any improper behavior by La Mont.

The e-mails were included in a report issued Feb. 9 by an independent ethics
board in Salt Lake City, one of four major bodies to investigate the allegations
that more than $ 1 million in gifts, scholarships and medical care was used by
the bid committee to win the votes of IOC members.

Meanwhile, Quebec City filed an official complaint with the IOC yesterday,
demanding $ 8 million in compensation for the cost of mounting a losing bid for
the 2002 Winter Olympics.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

S&P Near Settlement Of Crisis-Era Suits -- Update

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Missouri


Scottrade has issued the following Press release:

Standard & Poor's Ratings Services could strike a $1.37 billion deal as early as
Thursday resolving government allegations that it knowingly issued rosy grades
of mortgages before the 2008 financial crisis, according to people familiar with
the situation.

An agreement isn't yet final, but the Justice Department is expected to receive
about $687 million, while more than 12 states as a group would get a similar
total, the people said. California is expected to receive more than $100
million, while most other states would receive between $20 million to $25
million, the people said.

A deal would resolve a 2013 Justice Department lawsuit accusing S&P of
misleading investors with inflated grades of residential mortgage bonds that
turned out to be inaccurate. Eventually, attorneys general from 20 states and
the District of Columbia made similar accusations in separate cases.

The $1.37 billion settlement would be the largest amount paid by a ratings
agency to resolve allegations of favorable bond-grading methods in the run-up to
the crisis.

Unlike big Wall Street banks, which have paid more than $100 billion to end
lawsuits related to crisis-era conduct, ratings firms have been relatively
unscathed by the surge of litigation and investigations. Roughly $165 million in
settlements have been announced to date for the industry's three largest firms.

Investors rely on ratings from S&P and its rivals Moody's Investors Service and
Fitch Ratings when making decisions about whether to buy bonds. Those three
firms issue about 95% of credit ratings globally.

The final amount S&P is expected to pay the Justice Department is less than what
the U.S. initially sought. Before filing a lawsuit, government lawyers initially
told the company they wanted a deal that included penalties of more than $1
billion, according to people familiar with those talks. They also pushed for the
firm to admit wrongdoing, these people said.

The Justice Department's eventual suit highlighted a 2007 exchange between S&P
employees in which one said a mortgage-bond deal "could be structured by cows
and we would rate it." S&P has said prosecutors "cherry picked" emails and other
documents, while ignoring millions of records that counter the accusations.

S&P, a unit of McGraw Hill Financial Inc., won't admit wrongdoing as part of the
settlement, but it will agree to a statement outlining its actions, the people
said. S&P has been adamant that it not admit wrongdoing for violating any laws
over fears that doing so would expose it to future litigation, according to
people familiar with the company's thinking.

The two-year legal fight with the Justice Department has cost S&P millions in
legal fees and the uncertainties around potential litigation have been a drag on
McGraw Hill's shares. S&P had historically been resistant to settlements, but it
took a more open stance once a new McGraw Hill general counsel took over in
August, according to people familiar with the situation.

A new pact with the Justice Department and states wouldn't resolve all legal
headaches for S&P. Last week it agreed to a $77 million settlement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and two states over allegations the firm
misled investors long after the end of the crisis. But it still faces an
approximately $800 million lawsuit from the California Public Employees'
Retirement System, the country's biggest pension fund, tied to allegations of
inflated ratings.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                    November 26, 2002 Tuesday JERSEY EDITION

N.J. to sue 4 major firms for loss of $150 million in pension fund

BYLINE: By Mitch Lipka; Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


Pinning blame for $150 million in investment losses on allegedly underhanded
moves by four major corporations, New Jersey officials announced yesterday that
they are joining the ranks of frustrated investors heading to court to get
payback.

They said they would file lawsuits this week against Qwest Communications
International Inc.; Sears, Roebuck & Co.; Electronic Data Systems Corp.; and
Tyco International Ltd.

The suits will allege that corporate wrongdoing strained the already beleaguered
New Jersey pension fund, which has lost more than $20 billion during the last
two years.

Gov. McGreevey and Attorney General David Samson asserted that the companies had
deceived the state in its role as an investor of public money and, therefore,
must pay.

This is likely the first in a series of such lawsuits that they said would make
the clear distinction between wrongdoing that deserves punishment and normal
losses that investors just have to deal with.

"Corporations in America have a legal and moral obligation to abide by the law
as well as conduct themselves within the responsible confines of corporate
behavior," McGreevey said. "Irresponsible corporate behavior must not be
accepted."

State pension funds, reeling since the market downturn, have begun trying to
assess blame and protect against future problems. California and West Virginia
have filed similar lawsuits.

Pennsylvania is contemplating joining class-action shareholder lawsuits and is
investigating which companies to go after.

"Any opportunities the funds see to recover loses through litigation, they're
going to take," said Bob Gentzel, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania treasurer.

While announcing the lawsuits in Trenton, Samson said New Jersey had finally
agreed to sign on to a $100 million nationwide settlement of a case against
Merrill Lynch.

The settlement, contingent on acceptance by all states and territories, is
awaiting Missouri's approval.

Samson said New Jersey had agreed to receive its $1.4 million share as long as
it could sue if additional irregularities were uncovered.

The deal followed assertions that Merrill Lynch brokerage analysts delivered
overly rosy research to lure investment banking business.

Qwest is accused of fraud, malicious misrepresentation and securities fraud on
allegations that it failed to disclose billions of dollars in debt and inflated
reported revenues.

A spokesman said the company would have no comment.

New Jersey, which poured money into Electronic Data Systems in 1999 and 2000,
wants to be the lead plaintiff in two federal lawsuits that allege accounting
irregularities.

EDS announced in September that it would miss its earnings projections by 80
percent.

"We believe our actions were proper," EDS spokesman Jim Baptiste said. "We
intend to vigorously defend ourselves."

Sears is accused of misleading investors over nine months this year, during
which New Jersey bought more than 500,000 shares in the company.

"The claims that are presented in the news release lack merit, and we plan to
defend against them vigorously," Sears spokeswoman Jan Drummond said.

New Jersey will accuse Tyco and three criminally charged former executives of
causing losses in the pension fund through fraud and accounting irregularities.

Tyco officials did not comment.

Contact Mitch Lipka at 609-989-8990 or mlipka@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 14, 2001 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

STATE SCHOOLS GET LEGAL BOOST IN BATTLE AGAINST VIOLENCE A CALIFORNIA SUPREME
COURT RULING GIVES THE STATE'S EDUCATIONAL AUTHORITIES GREATER POWER TO STOP AND
QUESTION STUDENTS, WITHOUT NEEDING ANY SPECIFIC SUSPICION OF WRONGDOING.

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 785 words


Mindful of growing concerns about school violence, the California Supreme Court
on Monday gave school officials broader authority to stop, question and
investigate students without specific evidence of wrongdoing.

In a unanimous ruling, the Supreme Court declared that school officials do not
need "reasonable suspicion" of criminal activity or a violation of a school rule
to detain and question students on public school grounds, extending the power of
school administrators to police their turf. The justices found that students'
rights are protected as long as they aren't stopped and questioned in an
"arbitrary, capricious or harassing manner."

The ruling rejected the arguments of civil liberties advocates, who maintain
that such stops were unconstitutional and gave school officials too much power
at the expense of student rights. The decision comes amid a growing debate over
how far school districts can go in their intensified efforts to stem school
violence in the wake of school shootings across the country.

"The government interest at stake is of the highest order," Justice Marvin
Baxter wrote for the court, which found that school officials need broad
authority to maintain "school discipline and order."

Until Monday's ruling, most legal battles have centered on student searches. The
courts have found that school officials must have reasonable suspicion of
wrongdoing to search a student on school grounds, but that hasn't settled the
issue. Earlier this summer, the American Civil Liberties Union sued the Los
Angeles Unified School District for randomly searching students.

But no state Supreme Court in the country had previously addressed whether
school officials, or their hired security officers, could question or
investigate students without any specific evidence, a tactic school officials
say helps them short-circuit problems before they occur.

"In a broader sense, you've got to have enough flexibility to anticipate
something may be coming down," said Larry Aceves, superintendent of San Jose's
Franklin-McKinley School District. "If you have to go around getting a subpoena
to question a kid, you're going to be in trouble."

Randell Erving Jr., 17, of San Jose said an environment of bomb threats and
other dangers makes the ruling understandable, "But it's still wrong," he said.
"What they're saying is that all teens are bad people and have no rights. It
makes teens feel like you don't trust them."

Randell, who attends Accel Middle College, a program for high school juniors and
seniors in the East Side Union High School District in cooperation with
Evergreen Middle School, thinks some students will applaud the ruling.

"There are a lot of students who don't feel safe at all, and all they want is to
be in a safer environment," he said.

The California Supreme Court ruling stemmed from an incident two years ago at
Los Angeles' Montebello High School, where a 14-year-old identified only as
Randy G. was stopped by a campus security officer and questioned before being
arrested for illegally possessing a knife on school grounds.

According to court records, the security officer questioned the boy because he
was acting "paranoid and nervous." The youth later agreed to let the officer
search his bag, which contained the knife.

A lawyer for the youth, joined by the ACLU, challenged the search, saying it
violated the Fourth Amendment because the original detention was unjustified.
Robert Gerstein, the lawyer for Randy G., said he is considering an appeal to
the U.S. Supreme Court.

Robert De Koven, a law professor at San Diego's Western School of Law and an
expert on student rights, said he found the ruling troubling because it did not
differentiate between school officials, such as teachers and administrators, and
security officers. De Koven said the Supreme Court was opening the door for
school security officers to conduct random interrogations and searches, even
though they are often aligned with police who would not be allowed to do the
same.

"The message I'd send to parents is: Do you really want students pawed by school
security guards?" De Koven said.

California's school districts and Attorney General Bill Lockyer's office
defended allowing school officials to question students without a reasonable
suspicion, saying it is a necessary tool in today's campus environment.

"I think what we have here is an accommodation," said Deputy Attorney General
Richard Moskowitz, who represented the state in the case. "It allows school
administrators to undertake reasonable investigations and question students and
detain them if necessary, but it doesn't allow them to arbitrarily stop students
or harass them."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Experts: City's Suit vs. Bank of America May Alter Trust Industry

                              May 5, 1997, Monday
                              Correction Appended

By Angela Shah



San Francisco's decision to sue Bank of America for allegedly mishandling $3
billion of municipal bond accounts will likely force banks nationwide to review
their practices in the corporate trust arena, industry experts said last week.

The city has alleged that the San Francisco-based banking giant mismanaged
scheduled payments on bonds issued from 1985 to 1995 for housing, schools, and
other public works projects.

Specifically, the lawsuit accuses the bank of "engaging in a massive cover-up"
by "creating false records" to show bonds and coupons had been paid when they
had not. The lawsuit, filed on Thursday, also claims that the bank kept millions
of unclaimed bond payments for itself.

Separately, California has been investigating the matter, but officials on
Friday declined to say if they would participate in the legal action.

San Francisco is seeking between $12 million and $17 million in damages. If the
city could prove that Bank of America intentionally covered up wrongdoing, it
could win three times the damages plus attorneys' fees. The bank has denied all
wrongdoing.

Corporate trust executives and attorneys contacted Friday said while it was too
soon to tell whether the lawsuit would have any immediate impact on corporate
trust practices, the fact that San Francisco has chosen to sue will bring the
industry under unwanted scrutiny.

James Spiotto, an attorney with Chapman & Cutler in Chicago who specializes in
corporate trust matters, said there is no uniform standard by which to determine
wrongdoing on Bank of America's part.

"It comes down to what the documents say and did they comply," Spiotto said. As
long as the bank followed the instructions outlined in the bond indenture, he
added, they should be free of liability.

Also in Bank of America's favor, according to Anthony Guthrie, a managing
principal at Reliance Trust Co. in Atlanta is that up to this point the bank
"made all payments to bondholders. That's their primary role."

But all bets are off if it is proved that the bank disregarded the instructions
in bond documents and failed to pay bondholders, Guthrie said. The result, he
added, is that the lawsuit could be "very damaging" to the corporate trust
industry.

In the meantime, sources said, the lawsuit "will make people draw tighter
documents."

Still unclear is to what extent, if any, executives at First Banks System, the
parent of First Trust in Minneapolis, were aware of the problems present in Bank
of America's corporate trust portfolio. First Banks purchased the trust business
from the San Francisco-based bank in 1995.

A First Banks spokeswoman declined to comment on the lawsuit, the bank's
knowledge of the matter, or whether the bank is indemnified from any legal
action relating to Bank of America's actions on the portfolio.

Originally, San Francisco was taking part in mediation stemming from a
whistleblower lawsuit filed in 1995 by a former Bank of America corporate trust
executive. But after deciding that the bank was unwilling to cooperate fully,
city officials decided to file a lawsuit themselves.

James N. Roethe, the bank's general counsel, said in a statement that "the bank
discovered the overcharge errors on its own and voluntarily refunded over $5
million to its customers," and believes those refunds adequately compensate the
city. He didn't return calls seeking additional comment Friday.

The California attorney general's office is investigating the matter for as many
as 1,000 municipal issuers statewide. Bank of America served as trustee on about
$27.4 billion of bonds, according to Securities Data Co.

Sources said that although the charges in San Francisco's lawsuit were alarming,
they didn't believe the case would compel other issuers to also take legal
action. Indeed, though it is monitoring the investigation and expects
reimbursement, the city of Los Angeles will not be filing a lawsuit, according
to a local report. Los Angeles did most of its $1 billion of corporate trust
work with Bank of America.

Similar lawsuits against the Bank of America had been filed in recent years by
the cities of Oakland, Freemont and San Jose, and the Sacramento Municipal
Utilities District. Those suits were settled out of court.

Due to the continuing talks between Bank of America and the California attorney
general's office, spokesman for both Gov. Pete Wilson and Treasurer Matt Fong
declined to comment.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 738 words

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 8, 1997

CORRECTION:
In an article about corporate trust that appeared Monday, the parent of
Minneapolis-based First Trust was misidentified. It is First Bank System.

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: Internal Erie police probe finds no wrongdoing in crash

BYLINE: Erica Erwin, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words


Feb. 28--An internal investigation into how Erie police officers responded to an
accident in which a woman was ejected from her SUV Monday night has concluded.

The investigation found "no indication of violation of any policies or
procedures," Lt. Kirk Werner said this morning.

The accident happened at about 10 p.m. Monday at the intersection of West 21st
and Cranberry streets.

Police earlier today identified the woman involved in the crash as Amanda
Watkins, 27, of Erie.

Police said Watkins drove away at high speed when officers were called to a home
in the 1100 block of West 21st Street for a call of harassment. Police said
people in the home reported that Watkins was driving by and making harassing
phone calls to people inside.

Watkins hit several cars before her SUV rolled over and she was ejected. Her
condition could not be confirmed today.

Return to GoErie.com for updates.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130228-EI-BRF-Internal-Erie-police-probe-finds-no-wrongdoing
-in-crash-0228-20130228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 12, 2004 Friday Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: More fallout from corporate greed

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 358 words


What happens in a corporate scandal?

A few highly paid executives are invited to leave, often taking misgotten gains
with them; many more ordinary employees, absolutely innocent of wrongdoing, are
simply fired.

This week, Marsh & McLennan, a big insurance broker, benefits consultant and
money manager, announced it would cut 3,000 people from its payroll as it deals
with an investigation launched by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Spitzer alleges the company rigged bids, paid kickbacks and thereby cheated
customers. And while Marsh & McLennan hasn't settled the civil suit filed by
Spitzer, it admits its internal investigation uncovered evidence of price
fixing. The New York company has set aside $232 million as the minimum cost for
any deal with Spitzer, who may yet bring criminal charges against individuals in
the case.

So far, a handful of top Marsh managers, including Chief Executive Jeffrey
Greenberg, have resigned. With a salary of $1.2 million and a bonus of $3.5
million last year, along with a hefty stake of company shares and stock options,
Greenberg has something to fall back on.

On the other hand, the 3,000 employees fired by Marsh & McLennan will join a
long line of those dispossessed by the greed of others, including those who lost
their jobs at Enron. In addition, their retirement savings, laden with Marsh &
McLennan stock, has been gutted by a 40 percent drop in the shares since the
scandal broke.

It was even worse at Enron, where company stock held in employees' 401(k) plans
became all but worthless when the corporation collapsed. The bitterness over
that collapse remains so profound that former executives of the energy company
claim they can't get a fair criminal trial in Houston, where Enron was
headquartered. They'd like to move the trial to say, Atlanta.

But defendants Kenneth Lay, Jeffrey Skilling and Richard Causey may have
forgotten that Atlanta is home to Mirant, which was also driven to bankruptcy
court and payroll slashing because of Enron's fall. Just about anywhere you
look, in fact, you'll find innocent victims of corporate greed run wild.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     March 24, 2001 Saturday, Home Edition

Solicitor turns his ire on officials;
He calls investigation that cleared him a result of 'mean-spirited politics' by
ego-driven people.

BYLINE: Milo Ippolito

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 3JJ

LENGTH: 365 words


Now that his name is cleared, Gwinnett County Solicitor Gerald Blaney has harsh
words for officials who accused him of wrongdoing.

A criminal investigation into his use of county funds to hire a lawyer was
"motivated by nothing more than mean-spirited politics," Blaney said in a
written statement. The county is "advised and directed by people" who are not
guided by the law, he said, "but by their own egos."

District Attorney Danny Porter cleared Blaney of criminal wrongdoing Thursday.

"If he says there's no criminal wrongdoing, then we have no doubt that's the way
the situation is," said County Administrator Charlotte Nash.

Nash had asked Porter to investigate Blaney for obtaining the funds after he was
told he had to hire his own lawyer to defend against a harassment suit.

"I felt I had a fiduciary responsibility to ask that that situation be
reviewed," Nash said.

The county approved $13,000 in legal fees after Blaney submitted a request
anyway. The county then blocked payment of an additional $16,000.

The dispute arose after an employee sued Blaney, accusing him of sexual
harassment. Federal court judges have since dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous.

Blaney insists he is entitled to legal coverage because he was doing his job as
a county official when he was sued.

But the county attorney told Blaney his legal coverage was denied because he
violated policy by having an affair with a woman in his office. She was not the
same woman who sued him.

Gwinnett Superior Court Judge Michael Clark is reviewing Blaney's civil claim
that the county is responsible for his legal bills in the harassment suit.

During a prior hearing, Clark criticized officials for denying Blaney a lawyer
because of an affair that "has nothing to do with the case." Blaney admitted the
affair on the witness stand.

Clark also was critical of Blaney for obtaining payment for legal fees
"surreptitiously." Blaney admitted that he charged the reimbursements to his
budget and submitted the requests for payment to the Finance Department, hoping
they would slip through unnoticed.

"The funds were used for a lawful, permissible purpose," Blaney said.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Gerald Blaney was cleared of misuse of county funds. / LAURA NOEL / Staff

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Allowing Federal Contractors, Subcontractors, and Grantees to File
Whistleblower Disclosures

LENGTH: 2366  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

This Proposed Rule document was issued by the Office of Special Counsel (OSC)
Action

Notice of proposed rulemaking.
Summary

The U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) proposes revising its regulations to
accept covered disclosures of wrongdoing from employees working under a contract
or grant with the Federal government.
Dates

Written or electronic comments must be received on or before March 23, 2015.
Addresses

You may submit comments by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Email: lterry@osc.gov Include "NPRM" in the subject line of the message.
    Fax: (202) 254-3711.
    Mail: Office of General Counsel, 1730 M Street NW., Suite 218, Washington,
DC 20036.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Office of General Counsel, 1730 M Street NW., Suite
218, Washington, DC 20036.

For Further Information Contact

Lisa V. Terry, General Counsel, U.S. Office of Special Counsel, by telephone at
(202) 254-3600, by facsimile at (202) 254-3711, or by email at lterry@osc.gov
Supplementary Information

The U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) proposes to revise its regulations to
expand who may file a whistleblower disclosure with OSC. This revision will
allow employees of Federal contractors, subcontractors, and grantees to disclose
wrongdoing within the Federal government if they work at or on behalf of a U.S.
government component for which OSC has jurisdiction to accept disclosures.

Congress implemented the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (CSRA), Public Law
95-454, 92 Stat. 1111, and the Whistleblower Protection Act (WPA), Public Law
101-12, 103 Stat. 17, codified at 5 U.S.C. 1201, et seq., in order to encourage
Federal employees to report government fraud, waste, and abuse and to provide
protections for Federal employees who blow the whistle on government wrongdoing.
Title 5, Section 1213 of the U.S. Code provides that Federal employees, former
employees, or applicants for Federal employment may disclose to OSC information
that they reasonably believe shows a violation of any law, rule, or regulation;
gross mismanagement; a gross waste of funds; an abuse of authority; or a
substantial and specific danger to public health or safety.

Hence, since 1979, Congress has deputized Federal employees, as insiders, to
safely disclose wrongdoing they witness or experience in the workplace. The
Federal workforce has changed significantly since the passage of the CSRA,
notably in the government's increased reliance on contractors. In the modern
workforce, employees of contractors, subcontractors, and grantees (collectively
"contractors") often work alongside Federal employees, having similar if not
identical duties. Thus contractors are similarly situated to observe or
experience the same type of wrongdoing as are Federal employees. According
contractors a safe channel to report wrongdoing within the government advances
Congress's purpose in enacting the CSRA and WPA. Moreover, Congress recently
extended protection against retaliation to government contractors who make
whistleblower disclosures, thereby signaling its encouragement of such
disclosures. OSC deems such protection against retaliation a precondition to
asking insiders to risk their careers to report wrongdoing.

The National Defense Authorization Act of 2013 (NDAA), passed by Congress and
signed into law by the President, established a "pilot program" to enhance
contractor protection from reprisal for a disclosure of information that the
contractor reasonably believes is evidence of gross mismanagement of a Federal
contract or grant; a gross waste of Federal funds; an abuse of authority
relating to a Federal contract or grant; a substantial and specific danger to
public health or safety; or a violation of law, rule or regulation related to a
Federal contract or grant. See Public Law 113-1421, 41 U.S.C. 4712. The NDAA
closely tracks the language of the WPA concerning the type of information that
may be disclosed and covers disclosures made to, among others, an "authorized
official of the Department of Justice or other law enforcement agency." 41
U.S.C. 4712(a)(2)(E). As a law enforcement agency, and pursuant to its authority
under 5 U.S.C. 1213, OSC may receive disclosures from employees of contractors
who are covered by the NDAA. The disclosure must concern wrongdoing in the
government as described in the NDAA.

Under the proposed rule, OSC may receive disclosures from current and former
contractors who allege retaliation for making a protected disclosure under 41
U.S.C. 4712, if they work or worked on behalf of a U.S. government agency in
which Federal employees are themselves eligible to file disclosures. The
proposed rule will therefore limit OSC's review of disclosures by Federal
contractors to those who are both covered by the NDAA and working at agencies
over which OSC already has jurisdiction pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1213. For example,
OSC lacks jurisdiction over employees of the U.S. Postal Service and, therefore,
will not have jurisdiction over disclosures made by contractors working for the
U.S. Postal Service. See OSC's Web site at www.osc.gov for a complete listing of
agencies over which OSC does not have jurisdiction.

As with disclosures made by Federal employees pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1213, any
disclosure made by a contractor that involves foreign intelligence or
counterintelligence information that is specifically prohibited by law or by
Executive Order will be transmitted to the National Security Advisor, the
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the U.S. Senate. 5 U.S.C. 1213(j). The
transmission will terminate OSC's involvement with the disclosure.

Once a disclosure is received from an eligible contractor, OSC will evaluate the
information and make a determination as to whether there is a "substantial
likelihood" that it discloseswrongdoing pursuant to the provisions of section
1213. A contractor working at a Federal facility, alongside Federal employees
and under the line supervision of a Federal employee, is virtually in an
identical posture to a Federal employee. As such, his/her disclosure will likely
carry a comparable degree of reliability as that of a Federal employee. On the
other hand, if a contractor's situation differs greatly from that of a Federal
employee, it is less likely that OSC will be able to find that the contractor
has credible information about government wrongdoing needed to make a
substantial likelihood finding. For example, an off-site contractor, or one not
working under Federal line supervision, is much less likely to directly
encounter government wrongdoing and, therefore, may not have sufficiently
reliable information. For that reason, to meet the "substantial likelihood"
threshold, he or she may be required to produce compelling documentary
information establishing government wrongdoing.

If OSC determines that a disclosure meets the "substantial likelihood"
threshold, the Special Counsel will refer the matter to the relevant agency
head, who will be required to conduct an investigation into the disclosure. The
identity of a contractor who makes a disclosure to OSC will not be revealed
without his or her consent, unless the Special Counsel determines that there is
an imminent danger to public health or safety, or an imminent violation of
criminal law. OSC does not consider anonymous disclosures. Any disclosure
submitted anonymously will be referred to the Office of Inspector General at the
appropriate agency.

Contractors who wish to report government wrongdoing to OSC under this rule will
be encouraged to use OSC Form 12, which is available at OSC's Web site,
www.osc.gov. Contractors who wish to report a prohibited personnel practice,
including retaliation for whistleblowing, will be required do so through the
NDAA's pilot program delineated at 41 U.S.C. 4712. This rule will remain in
effect as long as the provisions of the NDAA's "pilot program" are in force.
Procedural Determinations

Administrative Procedure Act (APA): This action is taken under the Special
Counsel's authority at 5 U.S.C. 1212(e) to publish regulations in theFederal
Register. Interested persons are invited to submit written comments on this
proposed amendatory rulemaking. The comments will be carefully considered and
any appropriate changes will be made before a final rule is adopted and
published in theFederal Register.

Executive Order 12866 (Regulatory Planning and Review): OSC does not anticipate
that that this proposed rule will have significant economic impact, raise novel
issues, and/or have any other significant impacts. Thus, this proposed rule is
not a significant regulatory action under 3(f) of Executive Order 12866 and does
not require the Office of Management and Budget to conduct an assessment of
potential costs and benefits under 6(a)(3) of the order.

Congressional Review Act (CRA): OSC has determined that this proposed rule is
not a major rule under the Congressional Review Act as it is unlikely to result
in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more; or to result in a
major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal,
state, or local government agencies or geographic regions; or to have a
significant adverse effect on competition, employment, investment, productivity,
or innovation or on the ability of U.S.-based enterprises to compete in domestic
and export markets.

Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA): The Special Counsel certifies that this
proposed rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial
number of small entities because it primarily affects wrongdoing in the Federal
government.

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA): This proposed revision does not impose any
Federal mandates on State, local, or tribal governments, or on the private
sector within the meaning of the UMRA.

National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA): This proposed rule will have no
physical impact upon the environment and, therefore, will not require any
further review under NEPA.

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA): This proposed rule does not impose any new
recordkeeping, reporting, or other information collection requirements on the
public.

Executive Order 13132 (Federalism): This proposed revision does not have new
Federalism implications under Executive Order 13132.

Executive Order 12988 (Civil Justice Reform): This proposed rule meets
applicable standards of 3(a) and 3(b)(2) of Executive Order 12988.
List of Subjects in 5 CFR Part 1800

Administrative practice and procedure, Government employees, Investigations, Law
enforcement, Whistleblowing.

For the reasons stated in the preamble, OSC proposes to amend 5 CFR part 1800 as
follows:
Part 1800 Filing of Complaints and Allegations

1. The authority citation for 5 CFR part1800 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 1212(e).

2. Section 1800.2 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1800.2
Filing disclosures of information.

(a) General. OSC is authorized by law (at 5 U.S.C. 1213) to provide an
independent and secure channel for use by current or former Federal employees
and applicants for Federal employment in disclosing information that they
reasonably believe shows wrongdoing by a Federal agency. Additionally, OSC may
receive disclosures of wrongdoing from current and former Federal contractors,
subcontractors, and grantees (collectively, "contractors") that are cognizable
under 41 U.S.C. 4712. Upon receipt of a disclosure, whether from a current or
former Federal employee or applicant or from a contractor or former contractor,
OSC must determine whether there is a substantial likelihood that the
information discloses a violation of any law, rule, or regulation; gross
mismanagement; gross waste of funds; abuse of authority; or a substantial and
specific danger to public health or safety. If OSC does make a substantial
likelihood determination, it shall refer the information to the agency head
involved for investigation and a written report on the findings to the Special
Counsel, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1213(c). The law does not authorize OSC to
investigate the subject of a disclosure.

(b) Procedures for filing disclosures. Current or former employees, applicants
for Federal employment, and current and former contractors, subcontractors, and
grantees whose disclosures are cognizable under 41 U.S.C. 4712 may file a
disclosure of the type of information described in paragraph (a) of this section
with OSC. Such disclosures must be filed in writing (including
electronically--see paragraph (b)(3)(iii) of this section).

(1) Filers are encouraged to use Form OSC-12 ("Disclosure of Information") to
file a disclosure of the type of information described in paragraph (a) of this
section with OSC. This form provides more information about OSC jurisdiction,
and procedures for processing whistleblower disclosures. Form OSC-12 is
available:

(i) By writing to OSC, at: Office of Special Counsel, Disclosure Unit, 1730M
Street, NW., Suite 218, Washington, DC 20036-4505;

(ii) By calling OSC, at: (800) 572-2249 (toll-free), or (202) 254-3600 (in the
Washington, DC area); or

(iii) Online, at: http://www.osc.gov (to print out and complete on paper, or to
complete online).

(2) Filers may use another written format to submit a disclosure to OSC, but the
submission should include:

(i) The name, mailing address, and telephone number(s) of the person(s) making
the disclosure(s), and a time when OSC can contact that person about his or her
disclosure;

(ii) The department or agency, location and organizational unit complained of;
and

(iii) A statement as to whether the filer consents to disclosure of his or her
identity by OSC to the agency involved in connection with any OSC referral to
that agency.

(3) A disclosure can be filed in writing with OSC by any of the following
methods:

(i) By mail, to: Office of Special Counsel, Disclosure Unit, 1730 M Street NW.,
Suite 218, Washington, DC 20036-4505;

(ii) By fax, to: (202) 254-3711;

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Maguire: No wrongdoing in Hollywood poker matches

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 400 words


BC-US-Hollywood-Poker Lawsuits, 1st Ld-Writethru,0388

Maguire: No wrongdoing in Hollywood poker matches

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Tobey Maguire didn't just win more than $300,000 during poker
matches against a man convicted of running a Ponzi scheme, the actor's attorney
notes in court filings that he also lost $168,500 to the convicted con man.

Maguire's attorney denied the actor did anything wrong by playing in the Texas
Hold 'Em matches held at upscale Beverly Hills hotels and private residences and
shouldn't be required to turn over any of his winnings to Ponzi investors, court
filings released Thursday state. But attorney Robert Barta argues that if a
bankruptcy court rules that the "Spider-Man" star has to turn over any of his
winnings, he should be credited for the nearly $170,000 he lost to Bradley
Ruderman.

The actor and 21 others, including several celebrities, were sued in March by a
bankruptcy trustee hoping to recoup more than $4 million in Ruderman's gambling
losses during the poker games, which the lawsuits claim were unlicensed. The
winners, including Maguire and actor-director Nick Cassavetes, have no right to
keep their winnings, the trustee's lawsuits claim.

"It's my belief that the games under California law were illegal because they
were being hosted for money," trustee Howard Ehrenberg said in an interview last
week.

Maguire's response denies that they were "controlled games" or that a woman
accused of coordinating the tournaments was also responsible for making sure
winners were paid.

Cassavetes' attorney has also denied wrongdoing. Attorney Ronald Richards said
last week he is hoping to either resolve the case for a lesser amount than the
$73,000 that "The Notebook" director won at a 2007 game, or he will fight the
case.

Ruderman paid many of his losses during the games with checks, which allowed
Ehrenberg to trace the payments and attempt to seize them to repay the Ponzi
investors.

Ruderman was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison earlier this year after
pleading guilty to two counts of wire fraud, two counts of investment adviser
fraud and willful failure to file taxes.

Maguire acknowledges he received the payments from Ruderman, but denied there
was a regular roster of poker players including "wealthy celebrities,
entrepreneurs, attorneys and businessmen."

Ehrenberg said he thought he hoped to resolve several of the cases without them
going to trial.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday

Council adds whistle-blower protections to county law;
Covers employees who report fraud, wrongdoing

BYLINE: ERIN COX; Staff Writer

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Government; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 356  words


A new whistle-blower bill passed by the County Council last night gives job
protection to county employees who report fraud or other wrongdoing by
government officials.

The bill comes as a grand jury probes how County Executive John R. Leopold used
county employees in his re-election campaign, but the bill's sponsor said the
measure's purpose is more far-reaching.

"This protects the taxpayers of the county because it protects the employees who
are in the best position to report fraud," said Councilman Jamie Benoit,
D-Crownsville, who introduced the bill.

Current county law protects employees who report ethics breaches, but the
whistle-blower protection was not extended to employees reporting criminal
behavior.

Daniel Semick, a fraud investigator from Annapolis, told the council that
whistle-blowers are dramatically more effective in uncovering fraud than an
outside audit.

"Fear of retaliation is the biggest indication of fraud in the workplace,"
Semick said during the council's meeting in the Arundel Center in Annapolis.

The County Council passed the bill last night without discussion.

While federal whistle-blower laws already protect employees, they can be costly
to invoke because the employee would need to hire a lawyer and file a lawsuit in
federal court. Benoit has said the county law makes it easier for county
employees to appeal suspensions or firings related to reporting wrongdoing.

The council last night also took up about a dozen amendments to a comprehensive
zoning bill that has been pending since February. The panel is wading through
requests and recommendations on how property in the western and northwestern
portions of the county should be used.

A final vote on the bill could come as early as next month.

The council also appointed five attorneys to the Charter Revision Commission, a
once-a-decade panel that redraws County Council districts and considers whether
to change the County Charter. The panel is convened to coincide with the U.S.
Census.

The members of the 2011 commission are Jana H. Carey, Joshua C. Greene, Dirk D.
Haire, Jason E. Rheinstein and Linda M. Schuett.

---

ecox@capitalgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 5, 1998 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Discipline cases reflect poorly on state's judiciary

BYLINE: BARRY BEDLAN The Associated Press

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1099 words


OMAHA -- In R-rated testimony, Douglas County Court judges de- scribed judicial
meetings riddled with profanities, sexual innuendoes and sophomoric pranks.
Their accounts during a January hearing sounded more like dirty dia- logue from
a grade-B movie -- filled with four-letter words and lewd re- ferences to the
human anatomy -- than past conversations among some of the state's most
respected officials.  The eye-opening testimony came in the disciplinary case of
Judge Richard M. "Deacon" Jones, who has 11 years on the bench. Among other
things, he was accused of har- assing fellow judges, making death threats and
throwing fireworks into judicial chambers. Judge Jane Prochaska accused Jones of
improperly touching her, shoving her into an elevator wall and making vulgar and
harassing telephone calls to her office. The corpulent Jones accused Prochaska
of making pig noises at him and us- ing profanity.  While Jones' and Prochaska's
conduct was considered rare by ju- dicial experts, the case did reveal how some
of the state's 140 judges may be falling short of "The Honor- able" title
bestowed upon them.  "This is not Victorian England," Jones' attorney David
Herzog told the state Supreme Court this month while defending the judge's
behav- ior.  "It's also not a packing plant," Justice John Gerrard responded. At
least four judges in the past three years have been accused of wrongdoing by
state court officials, including sexual harassment and bank fraud. Jones and two
other judges were found guilty of miscon- duct by a state court or commission.

The fourth retired before his disci- plinary case was resolved.  Each
embarrassing case damages the public's trust in an otherwise re- sponsible
judiciary, state officials say.  "We are blessed in this state with a
high-quality judiciary but you're going to have exceptions from time to time,"
said Sen. Kermit Brashear of Omaha, a practicing attorney and chairman of the
state Judiciary Committee. "It's those exceptions that can shake the people's
confi- dence in the judicial system."  Of the 60,000 judges in the United
States, about 500 face disciplinary cases in any given year. Of those, less than
half are found guilty and sanctioned, said Luke Bierman, di- rector of the
judicial division for the American Bar Association.  The percentage of "bad
judges" in Nebraska is much lower than states like New York or California, "but
when wrongdoing does occur, it is big news," Bierman said. The Jones case
received national attention. The National Law Jour- nal, a trade newspaper with
180,000 subscribers, called the case "the most ridiculous of the year" and put
Jones' picture on the cover of its May 4 issue.  About 100 complaints are filed
each year against judges in Nebras- ka. Usually, 10 or 15 are found to be
legitimate and few lead to discipline, said Joe Steele, state court adminis-
trator. Many complaints come from people upset with a judge's ruling.  Sen.
Ernie Chambers of Omaha, who filed the initial complaint against Jones,
considers the state's judiciary riddled with misconduct people are afraid to
report because the disciplinary process fails.  "Some judges are good, a lot are
rotten and many fall in between," Chambers said. "There seems to be a feeling
that they can't do no wrong." In Nebraska, the Commission on Judicial
Qualifications reviews all complaints against judges and has the authority to
reprimand them when wrongdoing is found. The com- mission also may ask the state
Su- preme Court to reprimand a judge after recommending a form of disci- pline.
The commission found wrong- doing in the Jones case and recom- mended that he be
removed. The Supreme Court is expected to decide soon on a disciplinary action.
Chambers said the state's process of disciplining judges is not swift and harsh
enough to serve as a de- terrent for judicial misconduct. He cited the case of
District Judge Paul Empson of Chadron, who sexually harassed female court
employees for nearly 10 years before he was suspended without pay for six months
last year.  Under law, judges cannot be sus- pended for longer than six months
unless they are permanently re- moved from the bench.

ACCUSED JUDGES

At least four Nebraska judges have been accused of wrongdoing in the past three
years:

RICHARD M. "DEACON" JONES, OMAHA

The Douglas County judge was suspended with pay in November over a 16-count
complaint accusing him of making inappropriate comments, improper physical
contact and threats to fellow judges.  Jones has denied some of the charges,
including that he improperly touched Douglas County Judge Jane Prochaska. He
admitted using profanity, setting off fireworks in another judge's office and
signing court papers with names such as Adolf Hitler and Snow White. He said
many of the charges stem from pranks gone afoul. The Commission on Judicial
Qualifications has recommended that Jones lose his job. The state Supreme Court
is reviewing the disciplinary case.

JOHN WHITEHEAD, COLUMBUS

The Platte County district judge voluntarily left the bench after he was
convicted of federal bank fraud for writing checks on empty bank accounts in a
check-kiting scheme.  Indicted in September 1996, Whitehead was suspended with
pay by the state Supreme Court. Thirteen months later, a federal jury found the
judge guilty of two counts of bank fraud and one count of making false
statements to a bank. The Supreme Court then indefinitely suspended Whitehead
without pay. He was sentenced to 18 months in prison. In May, he resigned as
judge and started his prison term. Whitehead has denied any wrongdoing and has
appealed his conviction.

PAUL EMPSON, CHADRON

The Dawes County district judge was suspended for six months without pay for
sexually harassing several women.  The Commission on Judicial Qualifications
found that from 1986 to 1995, Empson engaged in offensive and unwelcome conduct
toward various female court personnel, citizens having business in the courts
and student interns. Empson said the women misunderstood his actions. Upon the
state Supreme Court's order, Empson served his suspension from May 1997 to
November 1997.

BRYCE BARTU, SEWARD

The Commission on Judicial Qualifications alleged in 1995 that the Seward County
district judge had engaged in offensive and unwelcome conduct toward a court
reporter for at least six years. He also was accused of threatening the same
woman after she filed a similar complaint with the Nebraska Equal Opportunity
Commission.  The complaint was dismissed in March 1996 after the judge suffered
a stroke and the judicial commission granted him disability retirement.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Judged judge: Judge Richard Jones of Douglas County Court was found
guilty of misconduct for inappropriate comments and threats to fellow judges.
color photo of Judge Richard Jones, by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 6, 1994, Wednesday

Q & A ON THE NEWS

BYLINE: Betty Parham and Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 2

LENGTH: 644 words


Do you have a question about the news - local, national or international? Betty
Parham with Gerrie Ferris will try to get and answer for you. Call 222-2002 on a
Touch-Tone phone and follow the instructions.

Q: Jim Leach is leading the charge in the Whitewater investigation. What sort of
watchdog was he when it came to the Republican administration and the savings
and loan scandal?

-Bob Morrison, Atlanta

A: Leach (R-Iowa), the ranking minority member of the House Banking Committee,
is leading Republican demands that a special counsel investigate allegations
that President Clinton improperly benefited from a business partnership more
than a decade ago. He was not so out front on charges of high-level S&L
shenanigans in the Bush administration, although news reports say he was
supportive of investigations by House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzales,
a Texas Democrat.

Published reports gleaned from a computer search of databases show that while
Leach is on record for noting that "very serious monkey business" took place
during the sorting out of the S&L mess, he is not on record as pushing for
investigations of possible high-level involvement by members of the Bush
administration. Some of those S&L cases during the Bush administration include:

The Bush administration in June 1992 dismantled a team of Resolution Trust Corp.
lawyers who were pursuing S&L wrongdoers just as the statute of limitations was
expiring on some cases they were working on. RTC lawyers testified that
"political considerations" were behind the moves, which allowed many cases to be
settled for a fraction of what they were worth or to be abandoned altogether.

RTC lawyer Jacqueline Taylor testified before the Banking Committee that a
lawsuit against Deseret Federal Savings & Loan was ready for filing by early
August 1992 but was aborted after Bush met with Deseret director Howard Hunter
during a trip to Western states.

Kermit Mowbray, the top regional regulator for the Treasury Department's Office
of Thrift Supervision, testified in June 1990 that he was ordered to keep
Silverado S&L - on which Neal Bush served as a director - open until after the
November 1988 election.

In 1989 and 1990, the committee heard direct testimony that there was coercion
by top Washington thrift officials to go easy on Charles Keating, owner of the
failed Lincoln Savings and Loan, based in Irvine, Calif.

Q: Is the United States helping Mexico investigate the assassination of Luis
Donaldo Colosio, the leading presidential candidate? Has there been any
suggestion that it could have been carried out by anti-NAFTA forces?

-Pat Davis, Atlanta A: The FBI has offered assistance, and Mexico has accepted.
The Mexican government has said seven people - a "deranged gunman" and six
assistants - were involved in the killing. The FBI had no comment on a NAFTA
connection or on any connection, for that matter.

Q: Who first used the term "the great unwashed," and what group of people was
being referred to? My bet is that it was Marie Antoinette. My husband says it's
about the Democrats.

-Allie Frasier, Atlanta

A: Both of you are partially right. According to a number of references, the
great unwashed have been with us for a couple of centuries. It indeed was used
to describe the rabble of the French Revolution and thereafter as an epithet to
describe various "lower classes." And, yes, in 1901 the Congressional Record
noted that "the Democratic Party has long been known as the great unwashed." In
the 1960s and '70s, hippies acquired the moniker.

Q: An article in Dixie Living on fried foods said Elvis liked a dish called
Fool's Gold Loaf. The article said not to ask what it is, but I'm asking. What
is it?

-Eric Pierce, Atlanta

A: It's a hollowed-out loaf of bread slathered with peanut butter and jelly and
stuffed with about a pound of bacon.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940970070

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jim Leach

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Internal police probe clears officers in fatal shooting;
The South Portland police findings confirm those of the state attorney general.

BYLINE: TREVOR MAXWELL Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 874 words


An internal review by the South Portland Police Department has cleared two
patrol officers of wrongdoing in the Nov. 29 shooting death of Donald Gray.

Officers Theodore Sargent and Jeffrey Cogswell were dispatched to a house on
Simmons Road, and both men shot Gray during an armed confrontation at his
bedroom doorway.

The finding released Monday by South Portland police echoed an earlier
investigation by the state Attorney General's Office, completed on Jan. 9. That
investigation found that Sargent and Cogswell had shot Gray to protect
themselves, and that their actions were justified.

''The officers were in the process of making their initial, on-scene assessment
of the situation when Donald Gray's threatened use of a pistol against them
required that they respond with deadly force,'' Police Chief Ed Googins said in
a written summary of the internal review.

The review was conducted by Lt. Frank Clark, who heads the department's Office
of Professional Standards.

The information compiled by Clark then was reviewed by a three-person panel made
up of Googins, Cumberland County Sheriff Mark Dion and Southern Maine Community
College President James Ortiz.

Googins reinstated Sargent and Cogswell on Dec. 13, two weeks after the
shooting, when preliminary findings showed no wrongdoing.

The incident was one of two police shootings in South Portland last fall, and
the first fatal police shooting in the city since 1971.

On Oct. 11, South Portland officer Steven Connors exchanged gunfire with Terrel
Dubois at an apartment on Elm Street, and both men were injured. Dubois, who was
wanted on charges of kidnapping and domestic violence, faces an attempted murder
charge in that case.

Connors was cleared by the Attorney General's Office and has returned to
full-time duty.

Seven weeks later, on the night of Nov. 29, police received a 911 call from
Herbert Gray.

''I'm having a problem with my son and he's got a gun. I'd appreciate it if you
came without the sirens,'' Gray told dispatcher Dennis Healy, according to a
transcript of the call.

Herbert and his 40-year-old son, Donald, had fought about a court appearance
Donald was supposed to make. Donald refused to go to court, and his father told
him he needed to move out of the house. Court records show Gray owed about
$36,000 on four credit card accounts.

Donald Gray had returned a few years ago to live at his boyhood home and work
with his father, a professional engineer and surveyor.

Donald Gray graduated from the University of Maine in 1989 and worked for a time
at chemical laboratories in Massachusetts and Rhode Island before returning to
Maine.

After the argument with his father, Donald Gray got a handgun from his car, shut
himself in his bedroom and told his parents to stay out, Herbert Gray told
Healy. Sargent and Cogswell arrived about eight minutes after the call was
placed. Officer John Sutton and Lt. Todd Bernard arrived a few minutes later.

Sargent and Cogswell approached the bedroom door and tried to make contact with
Gray. According to the attorney general's report, Gray opened the door, bent
over toward a dresser or desk, then pointed a loaded pistol at Cogswell. The
officers each fired four shots, all of which hit Gray.

Brian Hansen, an independent lawyer representing the Gray family, issued a news
release three days after the shooting. He disputed the police version of events
and said the officers acted recklessly in response to Herbert Gray's 911 call.

''The family feels that the response of the Police Department was excessive,''
Hansen wrote in the release. ''The police caused the situation to escalate and
thus resulted in their son's unnecessary death.''

Hansen and family members declined to comment Monday. No intent of claim had
been filed with the city as of Monday.

Googins continued to defend his department's response. He said domestic disputes
that involve weapons generally are responded to by patrol officers. The police
special-reaction team responds when an armed person barricades himself in, takes
hostages, makes specific threats or fires shots. The special-reaction team
members use heavier protective gear and shields.

''From my perspective as chief, the incident was incredibly unfortunate,''
Googins said Monday. If police received a similar call this week, working with
the same pieces of information, Googins said, the response would be the same as
it was Nov. 29.

Police receive calls involving guns at least once or twice a week, Googins said.
It was the job of the patrol officers to assess the situation, and that's what
Sargent and Cogswell were doing when they approached Donald Gray's bedroom,
Googins said.

They did not expect an armed confrontation, he said.

Several factors would have changed the police response to the call, Googins
said. If Herbert Gray had told the dispatcher that Donald had threatened to
shoot someone, for example, or that Donald said he planned to kill himself,
officers probably would have escorted the parents out. Herbert and Jackie Gray
were in another part of the house with Sutton when Donald was shot.

''The responding officers make assessments based on the information we have
available,'' Googins said.


Staff Writer Trevor Maxwell can be contacted at 791-6451 or at:

tmaxwell@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

KEEZER TO EXPAND FILM OFFICE TO L.A.

BYLINE: JOHN HAYES, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D-7

LENGTH: 579 words


Dawn Keezer, director of the Pittsburgh Film Office, is moving to Los Angeles,
where she'll run a satellite office that promotes Pittsburgh in the heart of the
film industry.

The move has been endorsed by the film office's trustees who have long wanted a
presence in Hollywood, and they said yesterday that they had no concerns about
her plans to run the office from a home shared with her husband-to-be, who was
convicted of embezzling public funds from a Los Angeles promotion agency.

Cody Cluff, former head of Entertainment Industry Development Corp., which
promotes film production in Los Angeles County, was sentenced in 2004 to three
years' probation and ordered to pay $80,000 for embezzling more than $150,000 of
public funds. Cluff pleaded no contest to embezzlement and admitted the special
allegation that the money he stole was public money.

Cluff was alleged to have donated some of that money to the Pittsburgh Film
Office through Keezer. Following an investigation by Allegheny County's district
attorney and controller, Keezer and the Pittsburgh office were cleared of
wrongdoing. Allegheny County District Attorney Stephen A. Zappala Jr. said at
the time that a criminal investigation was unwarranted. Then-County Controller
Dan Onorato, who prepared an audit of the film office's finances at the request
of its board of trustees, said in 2003 that Keezer's testimony was "very
consistent with what our audit showed. ... None of that money [referred to in
Keezer's testimony in Cluff's case] came through the [Pittsburgh] Film Office."

Russell Streiner, chairman of the Film Office board, said he considers the
investigation "old news" and has faith in Keezer.

"It was settled years ago. It isn't a concern," he said. "She was completely
cleared of any wrongdoing whatsoever. The Film Office was cleared."

Keezer didn't respond by press time to an interview request. Her move in
mid-August to L.A. will effectively give the nonprofit economic development
agency a branch office in the center of the film industry. She'll continue as
director, splitting her time between Pittsburgh and Los Angeles. Daily
operations in Pittsburgh will be handled by Keezer, assistant director Jessica
Conner and office staff.

Streiner says the board voted unanimously to approve Keezer's relocation, a move
he says will allow her to market more aggressively to bring film and TV projects
to the Pittsburgh region, while saving the agency in excess of $15,000 a year.

"It's been the plan of the Film Office for a very long time to try and establish
a beachhead in Los Angeles," said Streiner, who began his film career as
co-producer of the gore classic "Night of the Living Dead." "The circumstances
are right at this time for us to do that. ... The director's job is incredibly
complex and requires someone with a golden Rolodex, and Dawn has that. Costs
will be saved in transportation, lodging and in having Dawn come off of our
health-care plan. We should have a better idea in a couple of months what the
actual savings will be."

Streiner says Keezer's face time with film industry personnel has been limited
to about 100 meetings a year. After the move, he expects those personal contacts
to increase to about 300.

Keezer has been director of the Pittsburgh Film Office since 1995. The agency
claims a role in bringing 165 feature film, television and commercial
productions to Southwestern Pennsylvania since 1990, with an estimated economic
impact to the region of $273 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: John Hayes can be reached at jhayes@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1991.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Annie O'Neill/Post-Gazette: Dawn Keezer is leaving town but not
her job as director of the Pittsburgh Film Office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      August 8, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

Stakes raised in Games bid probe;
 New light: Discrepancies found in what was reported as ex-Attorney General is
asked to get involved.

BYLINE: Melissa Turner, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1549 words

Ever since the spotlight on possible bribery of International Olympic Committee
officials was aimed at Atlanta, former Olympic chief Billy Payne has maintained
that his group acted honorably in winning the 1996 Summer Games.

"We did not bribe anyone," Payne said in February, establishing a theme he
continued into the summer. "We were not extorted by IOC members. We did not make
cash payments. We did not give outrageous gifts."

Increasingly, however, questions are being raised about the validity of Payne's
pledges. Late last week, King & Spalding, the prestigious Atlanta- based law
firm that represented the local organizing committee, asked former U.S. Attorney
General Griffin Bell to amend a report sent by Payne to congressional
investigators because it included incomplete or inaccurate information on gifts
and favors for IOC members.

And one of the investigators said records kept by Atlanta officials show
evidence of scholarship and job offers for relatives of IOC members, plus more
expensive gifts than originally indicated.

"They now appreciate some of the seriousness of the information we are finding
in the documents," the senior congressional staff official said.

Bell's involvement signals loud and clear the heightened stakes in the Atlanta
investigation, especially in light of the guilty plea by a Salt Lake City
businessman in a criminal case involving that city's 2002 Winter Games bid. Salt
Lake's most flagrant violations were related to scholarship and job offers.
There is no indication that the Atlanta investigation could lead to criminal
charges.

Bell also is being counted on to salvage the integrity of his employer, King &
Spalding, one of the nation's leading law firms. He has vowed to congressional
investigators that he will personally correct the 13-page report on Atlanta's
bid.

Confronted with evidence gleaned by investigators, Bell conceded that the firm's
client --- the Georgia Amateur Athletics Foundation, which bid for the Games and
is responsible for the records --- provided an inadequate or false picture of
the gifts and entertainment lavished on IOC members and their families.

"I think it is safe to say, given Judge Bell's involvement, they made it clear
they appreciated the seriousness of the matter and they were going to do
everything they could to rectify the matter," said the senior congressional
staff official. "It is obviously a very serious offense to provide false
statements to Congress."

The report, submitted to Congress in June, mentioned 38 individual items that
exceeded the $ 200-per-gift limit.

Asked how many expensive gifts appeared to have been left off the list, the
official said, "Most of the iceberg is underwater."

Bell, whose practice has focused in recent years on corporate crime, has assured
investigators he is wresting control of the situation from lawyers in the firm's
Atlanta office, some of whom were personally involved in the bid. Because the
firm is representing the Atlanta bid group in an effort to keep its records
private, King & Spalding has been put in the awkward position of seeking to
suppress documents that could incriminate some of its employees.


The Atlanta Nine

Current King & Spalding lawyers Horace Sibley and Charlie Shaffer and former
partner Charlie Battle made up one-third of the "Atlanta Nine" Olympic bid team.
Linda Stephenson, the wife of another partner, was an early member of the team
and remains GAAF's executive director.

Granted temporary paid leave from their jobs, the three lawyers and Stephenson
traversed the globe in the high-stakes bid to bring the 1996 Olympics to their
hometown. They donated money to the cause, visited IOC members and hosted
private dinners for them in their homes. They were as intimately involved in the
lobbying effort as the team's higher-profile leaders, Payne and then-Mayor
Andrew Young.

The three lawyers became directors or officers of GAAF, the non-profit
foundation Payne established in 1987 to manage the bid, and remain on its board.

None of the three knew Payne before the quest began. They were intrigued by the
mission and the economic windfall the Olympics could bring Atlanta. The Games
also would provide millions of dollars in legal fees for the law firms that
represented the organizing committee and the contractors, sponsors, licensees
and government entities that would take part. And one of King & Spalding's
biggest corporate clients, the Coca-Cola Co., would be deeply involved if the
Games came to its back yard.

Coca-Cola bottling heir Peter Candler, a friend of Payne, made the introductions
that began to knit the band together. Candler knew that his friend Horace
Sibley, a scion of one of Atlanta's most prominent and well- connected families,
could open doors for Payne in the business community, at City Hall and in
Washington, D.C.

His father, John A. Sibley, was a lawyer at King & Spalding and went on to chair
Coca-Cola's bank. A half-brother, Jimmy Sibley, is a retired senior partner who
represented Coca-Cola at the firm and is a trustee of the Robert W. Woodruff
Foundation. The Woodruff and its related foundations contributed $ 1 million to
the bid effort.

Horace Sibley escorted Payne, a suburban real estate attorney, to meeting with
Young at City Hall that led to the mayor signing on.

And, as a member of the GAAF executive board, Sibley was primarily responsible
for coordinating international strategy. He compiled dossiers on International
Olympic Committee members and divided the globe among bid team members with
instructions to establish contacts, arrange visits and send personal letters.

According to one memorandum, he took northern Europe, while Shaffer handled
Scandinavia and Battle took the Communist bloc and Asia.

Sibley and Battle accompanied Payne on his first visit to IOC President Juan
Antonio Samaranch in Lausanne, Switzerland, in 1988. Sibley presented the
Spaniard with a set of silver mint julep cups. Samaranch, not missing a beat,
said he would fill them with Coca-Cola.

Sibley, who became ACOG's legal counsel, also wound up negotiating the
international television rights fees for the Games.

Few were surprised when Payne declared in Tokyo at the bid vote in 1990 that
King & Spalding would become the law firm of record for the yet-to-be- created
Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games. The deal would generate legal fees of
more than $ 2 million annually in some years leading up to the Games. And in the
two years after the Games, ACOG paid the firm a total of $ 2.5 million.

King & Spalding managing partner Ralph Levy, who recently announced plans to
step down, has attempted to distance the firm from what he contends was personal
civic do-gooding on the part of the three lawyers. He said they were pursuing
private endeavors and were not working on behalf of the firm during the Olympic
bid.

"These were individuals doing their civic thing," Levy said. "Early on, this was
Sibley, Battle, Shaffer and whoever as friends of Billy Payne working on
something they personally believed in."

Seeking a full accounting

King & Spalding has spent considerable time and effort defending GAAF's position
that the organization is private and its records are not subject to the Georgia
Open Records Act. The firm filed suit in Fulton County Superior Court against
the Atlanta Journal-Constitution and state Attorney General Thurbert Baker
seeking a declaratory judgment that the documents are not public.

Olympic officials later agreed to open the vast majority of records but have
striven to keep eight boxes closed, arguing that they contain personal papers
unrelated to the bid. They even attempted to prevent congressional investigators
from making copies for fear they would eventually be released or leaked.

Baker said the revelation that those boxes apparently contain evidence of more
extravagant gift-giving than originally disclosed bolsters his arguments that
the contents should be made public.

"It certainly lends credibility to the concern that I have had and people in the
state have had as to just what those boxes contain and why there has been such a
great effort to keep those documents out of public inspection," Baker said
Friday. "I want even more now than ever to have a full accounting of those
documents."

One of the law firm's first duties after Atlanta won the bid was to draw up a
contract involving ACOG, the city and the Metropolitan Atlanta Olympic Games
Authority, which the lawyers believed would partly indemnify the public entities
from any debt and shelter the organizers from open records laws.

It was Sibley who attempted to make the case with Baker this spring, before the
litigation began, that the bid team --- with which he was a key player --- was a
private group of volunteers and its records should be private.

Some of the personal files belonging to Sibley, Shaffer and Battle that document
the Olympic lobbying effort likely are tucked away in the records GAAF hopes to
keep locked up. The three have been advised to seek outside counsel as the
investigation progresses.

Billy Payne, for the time being, is not reciting his pledge of innocence on the
part of the Olympic bid team. He declined comment on last week's developments.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
Olympic Moments
March 1: In the wake of the Salt Lake City bid scandal that resulted in the
firing or resignation of 10 International Olympic Committee members, Atlanta
Olympics chief Billy Payne sends a brief report, shy on details, to the IOC that
acknowledges his team exceeded the $ 200 gift limit but saying there was "no
wrongdoing" in Atlanta winning the 1996 Summer Games.
May 5: The Georgia Amateur Athletics Foundation, which controls the Olympic
records, sues in an attempt to keep them private.
May 6: A congressional subcommittee, which is considering whether to make the
IOC subject to anti-bribery laws, begins an inquiry into the Atlanta group's bid
records.
May 19: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution sues to force the Georgia Amateur
Athletic Foundation to open the records. The newspaper is joined by the state
attorney general.
June 2: Payne sends a 13-page report to congressional investigators
acknowledging minor gift-giving violations during the Atlanta bid.
July 1: Payne agrees to open all but eight boxes of records, which he says
contains personal files unrelated to the bid.
July 19: All but the eight boxes are made available to the public.
Aug. 5: Congressional investigators, saying the 13-page report is incomplete or
contains inaccuracies, grants permission to attorney Griffin Bell of King &
Spalding, which represents the GAAF, to amend it.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 20, 2003 Tuesday Home Edition

WorldCom agrees to huge fine;
$500 million fraud penalty

BYLINE: MARILYN GEEWAX

SOURCE: Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 604 words


Washington --- WorldCom has agreed to pay $500 million to settle massive fraud
charges, the Securities and Exchange Commission told a federal court Monday.

In New York, U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff declined to immediately approve the
deal and said he needs more information before he could approve the largest
penalty ever proposed for a company charged with accounting fraud.

"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the
defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said. He said it would be
impossible to rule on the issue until at least June 11.

The nation's second-largest long-distance telephone company initially admitted
disguising $3.85 billion in expenses over five quarters. The figure later rose
to about $11 billion in inflated earnings since 1999.

The SEC said it set a $1.51 billion fine but agreed in advance to reduce it to
$500 million because of WorldCom's bankruptcy proceedings. Under the agreement,
WorldCom does not admit or deny wrongdoing.

The SEC said money from the fine would "be distributed to victims of the
company's fraud."

Some critics believe the settlement is too easy on WorldCom.

Mitch Marcus, a former WorldCom manager, called the SEC's proposed fine a "slap
on the wrist" that doesn't fit the offense.

"The effective $500 million fine is the equivalent of about one week of revenue
for WorldCom/MCI, an insignificant amount by any standard," he said in a
statement.

If the court were to accept the SEC proposal, the settlement could help WorldCom
Chief Executive Michael Capellas, the former president of Hewlett-Packard Co.,
put the scandal in the past and lead WorldCom out of the largest bankruptcy case
in history.

WorldCom, which presented its financial reorganization plan in April, hopes to
emerge from bankruptcy this fall with about $5 billion in debt, a fraction of
the more than $30 billion it owed before seeking protection from creditors last
July.

To help recover from the scandal, WorldCom is changing its name to MCI and
moving its headquarters to suburban Washington, D.C., from Clinton, Miss.,
hometown of former Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers.

Payment of the fine would consume money available to pay the company's
creditors.

David Lynn, a bankruptcy attorney with Docter, Docter & Lynn in Washington, said
such a fine might not shock creditors because they expected the SEC to be tough
on WorldCom.

Moreover, they already have been so stunned by the scope of the fraud that no
additional news could rattle them, he suggested.

"What could you do that could top what already has come out?" he asked. "They're
already as bitter as they can be."

The biggest SEC fine ever paid for accounting fraud involved Xerox Corp., which
agreed to a $10 million penalty to settle charges that it overstated earnings.

The WorldCom scandal broke nearly a year ago when the company admitted massive
overstatements of profits. The company's revelations came on the heels of
similar announcements by Enron Corp., Tyco International Ltd. and others.

The SEC charged WorldCom with committing fraud "in connection with several
securities offerings" and violating record and bookkeeping laws.

Former Chief Financial Officer Scott Sullivan, who was fired after the financial
misstatements were discovered, has pleaded innocent to criminal fraud charges.

Ebbers, the former CEO, has said he was unaware of the disguised expenses. He
has not been charged.

Four other executives have pleaded guilty to criminal charges filed in New York
and are cooperating with investigators.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 13, 2003 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

INVESTOR LAWSUITS SOARED LAST YEAR;
CLASS-ACTION CASES ALLEGING CORPORATE FRAUD JUMPED 31 PERCENT IN 2002, A RAPID
RISE ATTRIBUTED BY EXPERTS TO INVESTOR OUTRAGE OVER FINANCIAL WRONGDOING AT
COMPANIES SUCH AS ENRON, WORLDCOM AND ADELPHIA COMMUNICATIONS.
TECH FIRMS, POPULAR TARGETS IN RECENT YEARS, WERE HIT LESS

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 802 words


Angry investors filed a near-record number of lawsuits accusing public companies
of fraud last year, rushing to courthouses across the country in a legal
backlash against accounting scandals that have cost them billions.

In a study set to be released today by Stanford Law School, the number of class
action suits alleging corporate fraud jumped 31 percent in 2002, a rapid rise
attributed by experts to investor outrage over financial wrongdoing at companies
such as Enron, WorldCom and Adelphia Communications.

The study offered a dose of good news for Silicon Valley companies, which for
years have complained that they've too often been the target of frivolous
investor lawsuits filed when their volatile stocks fell. The Stanford studyshows
that technology companies, already drained by a bad economy, don't get sued as
much as in the past -- they've been replaced in the hot seat by other sectors,
from telecommunications companies to Campbell Soup, which last month settled a
case brought by investors for $35 million.

Joseph Grundfest, a Stanford law professor and co-author of the study, said
high-tech companies can claim a measure of vindication after years of fending
off large numbers of investor suits.

"The valley companies were right," Grundfest said. "A disproportionate part of
the litigation was targeting the tech industry."

San Diego lawyer William Lerach, perhaps the nation's top plaintiffs lawyer in
securities fraud cases and a longtime adversary of valley companies, had a less
charitable view.

"It's because all their stocks have collapsed," Lerach said. "They can't inflate
their stocks like they used to."

Overall, investors filed roughly 225 class action lawsuits against public
companies for financial fraud in 2002, a number surpassed only in 1998, when 238
such cases were brought, according to figures maintained by Stanford. There were
more fraud suits filed last year, but they included a unique category of cases
brought against underwriters in the IPO industry, which has nearly evaporated.

"Last year we had a classic litigation burst at a volume that is unprecedented,"
said Grundfest, a former member of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"You've got more lawsuits where the allegation is, 'Look, the company cooked the
books.' "

Added Lerach, "There is an increase because of a massive upsurge in corporate
and accounting fraud. Night follows day."

The explosive growth in investor fraud suits has occurred despite 1995
congressional reforms that were designed to limit the ability to sue public
companies. In fact, figures compiled by Stanford show that such lawsuits have
increased in five of the past six years, and most dramatically over the past two
years.

The study demonstrates that those reforms, pushed heavily by valley companies,
have not slammed the courthouse door on investors who blame their losses on
companies that cook their books. Securities fraud lawsuits typically allege that
company executives and their auditors misled investors by creating a deceptive
picture of a company's financial health.

But despite the steady flow of more cases, most securities fraud lawyers say the
federal reforms have had a significant impact. The law dramatically tightened
the legal standard for a case to survive, and judges dismiss a large percentage
of the suits, particularly in the California federal courts.

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which interprets law for California and
eight other Western states, has adopted the strictest view of the law of any
appeals court in the country. While lawyers say judges have been taking a closer
look at fraud allegations in the wake of Enron, that tough standard remains a
major factor when investors turn to the courts to avenge their losses.

For that reason, many corporate leaders are not particularly alarmed by the
surge in lawsuits. Rick White, president of TechNet, a major lobbying group for
high-tech companies, said most business leaders are convinced the reforms are
weeding out the weaker cases and that the litigation boom is a predictable
product of a down economy.

"You'd expect it in a down market," White said. "But our members are pretty
comfortable with where the law is now."

Nevertheless, in the coming years, as the most recent cases make their way
through the courts, experts predict the result of the litigation boom will be
some staggering settlements. Lawyers say settlements will rival the largest
ever, Cendant's nearly $4 billion payout in 1998.

"In my opinion, there are still far too many cases that lack merit," said Steve
Schatz, a Palo Alto lawyer who often defends public companies. "But there is no
getting around instances where companies acted improperly. Many of those are
going to result in substantial settlements."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 17, 1995, Monday, JOURNAL EDITION

AN OLD MESSAGE OF SHARING AND CARING;
Bible Belt values can help to heal America

BYLINE: MARTHA EZZARD

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A, Martha Ezzard

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: Clayton, Ga.


I feel secure in the knowledge that if ever I were put into solitary confinement
I'd know the words to enough hymns to occupy me for at least a year. I can "come
rejoicing bringing in the sheaves," "have a story to tell to the nations" and
"stand up for Jesus," all without looking at the song book.

A Sunday service in a rural church near my father-in-law's North Georgia farm
confirmed that. The hymnal was an unnecessary backup. Fact is, you can leave the
Bible Belt, but it'll never leave you.

Oh, my husband and I wandered off from our respective Methodist and Baptist
roots in Georgia to a more formal and reserved Episcopal Church when we moved to
Colorado. We'd had our fill of Wednesday night prayer meetings and tent
revivals. We stumbled over the unfamiliar ritual, but we relished the dignity
and privacy of the worship.

Still, there were times in Denver when our Bible Belt moorings both haunted and
soothed us. Haunted when a visiting minister asked all who "wanted to change
their lives" to stand at the end of the service - a strange call to understated
Episcopalians, but an all too familiar one to John and me. We sat stoically -
like rocks in the pew.

I remember that service especially because President George Bush's son, Neil, a
member of our church, was there. It was in the late '80s at the height of the
Silverado Savings and Loan scandal, and the young Bush, a Silverado Board
member, was in the headlines.

All eyes (supposedly bowed in prayer) lifted as Neil slowly rose to his feet
with a few others. I admired him for that, but wondered if his Episcopal reserve
had been broken by Texas tent revivals.

Another time, John and I were cleaning the basement of our Denver home when we
found a cobweb-covered Methodist hymnal. As the dusty pages fell open, we both
began to sing, amidst tears and laughter, the soothing chorus of "Just as I Am."
The three children peeked downstairs curiously, shaking their heads over parents
who'd "lost it."

As I sat in the Clayton Methodist Church with my father-in-law, the familiar
hymns I grew up on weren't the only things I finally appreciated. I especially
loved the "sharing" announcements: Mr. Green's going in for gall bladder
surgery. Mrs. Horn's mother had a stroke. There's a 25th wedding anniversary -
and a birthday party for 6-year-old twins. Everybody can come and have some
cake.

One ought not to mix religion and politics. That's what my Southern Baptist
mother - a Sunday school teacher at the now-defunct Gordon Street Baptist Church
in Atlanta's West End - used to say. But I couldn't help but think of President
Bill Clinton and Speaker Newt Gingrich as I listened in Clayton to the simple
connecting of ages and lives and cares and joys.

That pure display of common values was less dogmatic than the Christian
Coalition's, more relevant than Gingrich's Victorian virtues, and simpler than
Clinton's moral meanderings.

Caring doesn't have to be religious, but I'm ready to admit that Bible Belt
values nurture it. No need to scoff anymore at part of my Southern roots I can't
dump. It's the kind of stuff we need today to heal what ails America.

Martha Ezzard is a member of the Journal's editorial board. Her column runs in
the Journal on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Middle school teacher charged in bomb threats

SECTION: Z_NATION

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: HAGERSTOWN, Md.


A former middle school teacher was charged Thursday with stalking students by
leaving threatening notes, including one that read, ''Tick-tock, tick-tock, is
it a bomb or is it a clock?''

Michelle Dohm, 40, denied the allegations through her attorney, Thomas Morrow.
He said Dohm believes she was framed.

''She had no motive to commit any wrongdoing, she didn't have the ability to
commit any wrongdoing and she intends to vigorously deny the charges,'' the
lawyer said.

Dohm was fired from her job as a sixth-grade social studies teacher in
mid-November, Frederick County State's Attorney Scott Rolle said.

The sheriff's office planned to arrest her after getting a warrant based on the
grand jury indictment, Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said.

The indictment charged Dohm with nine felony counts of threatening to explode a
destructive device and two misdemeanor counts of stalking. The charges carry a
maximum 100 years in prison and $100,000 in fines.

Dohm is accused of leaving or delivering threatening notes on at least five
occasions from Sept. 28 through Nov. 21. The last note, found in the boys
bathroom, prompted an evacuation of the school.

According to Rolle, it read: ''Tick-tock, Tick-tock, now you'll know it's a bomb
and not a clock. At 12 o'clock you'll know I wasn't kidding.''

The messages targeted four male students, and investigators learned that they
had been printed from Dohm's school computer, Rolle said.

In her exit interview with the school superintendent after she was fired, Dohm
said that if another note were found, it would prove she wasn't to blame. The
last note was found in the boys bathroom a week later, Rolle said.

Dohm taught in Frederick County schools for 18 years, a school system
spokeswoman said.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

WHO CAN YOU TRUST?;
CANDIDATES ACCUSE EACH OTHER OF BREAKING PROMISES;
FIRST HAHN-VILLARAIGOSA ENCOUNTER IS IN VALLEY

BYLINE: By Rick Orlov Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 759 words


NORTHRIDGE - Focusing the Los Angeles mayoral election on the issue of public
trust, Mayor James Hahn and Councilman Antonio Villaraigosa accused each other
Monday of failing to take responsibility and for breaking promises to the
public.

In their first debate leading up to the May 17 runoff, Hahn and Villaraigosa
exchanged barbs over ongoing criminal investigations into the mayor's
administration and whether his challenger has betrayed his commitments.

``When you look at the city, I'm running for mayor because I believe Los Angeles
is stagnant,'' Villaraigosa said.

``We have an administration that is paralyzed by scandal and corruption. We need
a mayor who can restore public confidence. You can't rally people around the
need to invest in public transit or hiring more cops if they don't believe in
you.''

Hahn, who is seeking his second term as mayor, countered that no one has accused
him of personal wrongdoing and that he won't believe anyone in his
administration engaged in wrongdoing until he sees the evidence, not just
accusations.

``If anyone shows me that I condoned, allowed, suggested, directed or engaged
anyone to behave unethically, I will hold myself accountable,'' Hahn said. ``No
one has shown me that yet and I have demonstrated throughout my political career
that no one holds themselves to a higher political standard than I do.''

After the debate, Hahn said he believes his administration is clean.

``No one has proven that anyone has done anything wrong,'' Hahn said.

The mayor also revived accusations he made four years ago that Villaraiogosa
wrote a letter on behalf of convicted drug dealer Carlos Vignali requesting a
presidential pardon, then denied it.

``That goes to the heart of this,'' Hahn said.

Villaraigosa said he has taken responsibility for the Vignali letter and that he
wasn't surprised the mayor was trying to raise the issue again.

``I said I made a mistake, but I also said this election is about ... Jim Hahn's
failure to do what he said he was going to do.''

Villaraigosa, who is making his second run against Hahn, pointed out that Hahn's
administration is under investigation by two grand juries, the city Ethics
Commission and the FBI for improper conduct, and that there has been one
indictment.

``This is the most investigated administration in the history of the city since
the 1930s,'' Villaraigosa said.

The debate was televised live over KNBC (Channel 4) and KWHY (Channel 22) and
broadcast on KFWB-AM (980). Daily News columnist Mariel Garza was on the panel
of questioners for the debate held at California State University, Northridge.

Both men took an aggressive tone from the start, walking from behind their
lecterns to talk directly to the audience and one another. Hahn said he expects
that the level of intensity will continue throughout the race.

``This is a contest that will be about our differences,'' Hahn said. ``We will
point out our difference. Nobody should be surprised that this will be hard
fought.''

The two were in general agreement on many issues, including providing driver's
licenses to illegal immigrants, asking the federal government to provide funding
for more mass transit and affordable housing, and working with officials of the
Los Angeles Unified School District to improve the educational system.

Hahn defended his record and accomplishments.

``Show me someone who has done more,'' Hahn said. ``I'm about results, I'm not
about waving my arms around and proclaiming results. This city is on a roll. Los
Angeles is a place to do business.

``Yes, this is about trust, but I don't think you want someone who says one
thing in the San Fernando Valley and then something else somewhere else.''

The mayor was alluding to Villaraigosa's campaign in 2001 in which he told
Valley residents that he would support the removal of then-Los Angeles Police
Chief Bernard Parks, but later told South Los Angeles voters he would keep him.

``I'm going to tell the voters the truth,' Hahn said. ``If people don't like it,
that's tough.''

Hahn also raised the issue of Villaraigosa promising to serve a full four-year
term when he was elected to the City Council two years ago.

Villaraiogosa said his decision to run against Hahn again was based on the
number of people - including his constituents - who asked him to run because of
Hahn's failures.

``In my district, I beat Jim Hahn by a three-to-one margin,'' Villaraigosa said.
``In this (primary) election, 75 percent of the voters said they wanted someone
other than Jim Hahn to be their mayor.''

Rick Orlov, (213) 978-0390

rick.orlov@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LOS ANGELES MAYORAL DEBATE

GRAPHIC: 2 photos
 Photo: (1 -- color) City Councilman Antonio Villaraigosa, right, gestures
toward Mayor James Hahn in Monday's mayoral debate at CSUN. (2) Los Angeles
mayoral candidate Antonio Villaraigosa, left, and Mayor James Hahn, in
background right, work the audience Monday during their opening debate. Tom
Mendoza/Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Saban: UA ran check on 2 staffers

BYLINE: Michael Casagrande, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 451 words


Aug. 19--TUSCALOOSA -- As he typically does with sensitive matters, Alabama
football coach Nick Saban took the preemptive approach in a Thursday afternoon
news conference.

Before he could be asked, Saban addressed the involvement of an assistant coach
and staff member in the NCAA investigation of the Miami athletics department.
Both offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland and director of football operations Joe
Pannunzio were implicated of wrongdoing in a detailed investigation published by
Yahoo Sports on Tuesday.

"I'm going to address this, and that's it. All this stuff about Miami, I know
nothing about Miami," Saban said. "I don't have time to deal with what's going
on in Miami. I know what goes on in this program, and I know that we do things
correctly."

Saban went on to say all prospective hires are subjected to an NCAA background
check before they're offered jobs.

"We certainly did that in both of these cases," Saban said. "Now if any of these
people had any wrongdoing, I'm sure the NCAA will investigate it in due time,
and if they did anything wrong, I'm sure they will get the appropriate
punishment, which we would do if we had any internal problems in our
organization."

The NCAA said Wednesday it has been investigating Miami for five months. Both
Stoutland and Pannunzio were hired before the investigation officially opened.

Stoutland's hire was announced Jan. 14, while Pannunzio was formally introduced
Feb. 11.

According to the Yahoo investigation, both were involved with delivering
recruits to the home and yacht of former Miami booster Nevin Shapiro. The story
was based largely on interviews with Shapiro.

Shapiro is now serving 20 years for his involvement in a multi-million dollar
Ponzi scheme.

Shapiro said he only met Stoutland a few times.

"One time in particular he was at my house in the recruitment of Matt Patchan, a
player from Seffner. Florida, I believe," Shapiro told Yahoo. "Matt Patchan came
to my house with his father and his mom and his uncle, who played at the
University of Miami. I think it was his uncle.

"Coach Stoutland was just part of the recruiting visit. After that, we spoke
maybe three or four times, or whenever I would see him at team functions."

Shapiro refused to speak about Pannunzio in his interviews with Yahoo, but
several other sources spoke to the current Tide staffer's involvement in
recruiting violations.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110819-DD-Saban-UA-ran-check-on-2-staffers-0819-20110819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 7, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

After the Games;
Vendors give City Council an earful

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL OLYMPICS; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 394 words


A handful of Atlanta City Council members Tuesday wrapped up a second day of
fielding complaints from irate Olympic vendors.

Most of the vendors attending the special session leased space on public
property through B.G. Swing Games Management Inc., the city's Olympic marketer.
At the center of the controversy is Atlanta businessman Munson Steed Jr., the
head of B.G. Swing. Steed once sold T-shirts for Mayor Bill Campbell's 1993
mayoral campaign.

About 40 vendors attended a Tuesday meeting in the council chamber, citing
problems they say hurt their businesses during the Olympics. Among the concerns:
Some said B.G. Swing misled them about traffic flow and attendance; some accused
the company of selling space to them that had already been leased.

Vendor after vendor recounted horror stories of their experiences during the
Games. One vendor, Barbara Anderson of Lexington, Ky., said she was told
electricity would be provided, but later had to pay extra for service. She also
said parts of her leased tent were missing. Anderson was selling T-shirts.

"I'm not here to complain that I spent $ 15,000 on space and no one bought my
T-shirts," said Anderson. "I was promised something and it was not delivered,
and I think I was out and out lied to."

Monday and Tuesday's meetings may be just the beginning of a major battle
involving city officials, vendors and Steed. Some vendors already have filed
lawsuits against the city, Steed and B.G. Swing, and more are expected.

On Monday, the council in its first post-Olympic meeting approved a resolution
asking the city's economic development arm to withhold further payments to B.G.
Swing and to freeze the company's assets. Steed has received about $ 1.6 million
since January for leasing and managing the program, according to Angela Murray,
a real estate development consultant with the Atlanta Economic Development Corp.

She said AEDC officials met Tuesday to discuss the council resolution to freeze
B.G. Swing's assets. B.G. Swing's contract is with AEDC. "We're looking into the
legality of doing so," Murray said. "There is no quick and easy way to do that."

She said the city's $ 2.5 million guarantee is in an escrow account and has not
been drawn.

Councilman and AEDC board member Robb Pitts said AEDC "has a moral and legal
obligation to investigate" vendors' allegations.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Bank of Oklahoma Confident in Brogdon-Related Lawsuit

BYLINE: Kyle Glazier

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34512

LENGTH: 672  words


PHOENIX - The trustee firm in many of the troubled bond deals assembled by
accused fraudster Christopher Brogdon is taking a harder line against the former
employee it says was responsible for those deals.

In its latest quarterly financial filing, Bank of Oklahoma Financial confidently
predicts that the lawsuit from the fired employee will come to nothing.

Marrien Neilson was fired from her job as an executive at the Tulsa, Okla.-based
firm last year following a bank investigation into her work with Brogdon, who
was subsequently charged with fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission
for his role in financing a string of failed and defaulted properties in
Florida, Illinois, and elsewhere.

Neilson, who was trustee agent on those deals, and her New York-based attorney
Robert Kraus have denied any wrongdoing on her part and have brought a
defamation suit against BOKF in federal court in Texas.

The SEC alleged that Brogdon since 1992 has raised more than $190 million for
his nursing home and retirement community projects through 54 conduit municipal
bond transactions and private placements.

In total, the SEC alleged Brogdon committed fraud through at least 43 entities
he owns or controls.

The SEC also charged Brogdon's wife Connie and son Tygh.

Some sources told The Bond Buyer they believed Brogdon's conduct stretched back
even further, into the 1980s.

Brogdon was censured and expelled from the National Association of Securities
Dealers in 1986, according to a BrokerCheck report from the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, the NASD's successor.

Brogdon and BOKF worked together on more than 10 deals stretching back more than
a decade.

Bondholders complained about having apparently lost their money when the
properties defaulted and more than $2 million seemed to have disappeared from
debt service reserve funds.

BOKF vigorously denies that it erred in terminating Neilson, and its recent
quarterly filings reinforce the bank's opposition to her suit.

While the bank's October filing said that Neilson had "violated company policies
and procedures" and that BOKF was trying to determine its liability to
bondholders, language in its latest filings, after Neilson filed suit in
January, is much more forceful.

"The Bank has been advised by its counsel that there is no basis for the
employee's action and that any recovery by the employee is remote," the filing
said.

Kraus noted that the bank has shifted its tone from previously asserting
something more akin to criminal wrongdoing. The bank filed a motion to dismiss
the lawsuit, and Neilson has filed a response.

"BOKF knew or should have known that its investigation was completely inadequate
and that it had no basis to state that Neilson had colluded in misusing
revenues," her attorneys wrote in their May 10 motion.

Neilson is also seeking compensation for benefits she believes are due to her
that were withheld because of what she believes to be her wrongful termination.
BOKF has filed not only a motion to dismiss, which is still active, but also a
motion to transfer the case from the Southern District of Texas to the Northern
District of Oklahoma for convenience reasons. Kraus said that the litigants are
scheduled for a courtroom conference May 17.

Brogdon has been ordered to repay investors and remains embroiled in lawsuits
with both the SEC and with BOKF.

Brogdon has denied wrongdoing in the BOKF lawsuit.

In April, a federal judge in Georgia overseeing the BOKF case against Brogdon
ruled that the proceeding should be halted pending either the resolution of the
SEC case or the resolution of Brogdon's effort to put one of his companies
through the bankruptcy process. That court has ordered the parties to provide
updates every 60 days so that the court can keep track of those matters.

A confederation of some 40 bondholders has also actively been pushing for
authorities to uncover what happened with the Brogdon deals, and previously
alluded to the possibility of pursuing its own legal action separate from that
of BOKF's actions as trustee.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 6, 2011 Sunday

Incentive missing to report fraud;
Case involving Dayton's CareSource shows Ohio whistleblowers must pursue action
under federal law.

BYLINE: By Ben Sutherly Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 325 words


DAYTON - Under Ohio law, whistleblowers have little financial incentive to
report wrongdoing if they see their employer defrauding the government.

Last week, CareSource denied wrongdoing but agreed to pay $26 million in what's
thought to be the largest settlement involving an Ohio managed care
organization. But the two nurses who blew the whistle on the Dayton nonprofit
did so through a federal lawsuit. Ohio has no provision to compensate workers
who report fraud, and who often lose their jobs in doing so.

Some, like Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine, a Republican, say a whistleblower
regulation may be needed in a cash-strapped state where Medicaid accounts for
nearly a quarter of all state spending.

"We were able to use the federal government this time, but you may have cases
where that's not the case," DeWine said.

Ohio's False Claims Act is limited in scope. It lets prosecutors go after
Medicaid providers, but not pharmaceutical companies or others that get Medicaid
money. It doesn't apply to other sectors like defense.

Whistleblowers are crucial to the federal government's anti-fraud efforts. Of
the $27.2 billion it has recovered in fraud cases since 1987, $18.2 billion came
from cases involving whistleblowers. Under the federal False Claims Act,
whistleblowers get 15 percent to 30 percent of settlements or judgments in
federal cases.

Robin Herzog of West Carrollton, one of the two nurses in the CareSource case,
said she didn't know until after she quit her job that people who reported fraud
could be financially compensated; her motivation for seeking legal counsel, she
said, was fear of losing her nursing license. Herzog and Laura Rupert will get a
fraction of their $3.1 million share of the CareSource settlement after paying
attorney fees and taxes.

The Ohio Hospital Association opposed previous attempts to change the False
Claims Act. Spokeswoman Tiffany Himmelreich said Ohio's current law is
sufficient to address fraud.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Crime victims complain to council;
Noble residents say police response is not satisfactory

BYLINE: Diana Baldwin, Staff Writer

SECTION: NORMAN/METRO VI; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: NOBLE


NOBLE -- Complaints of wrongdoing against the Noble Police Department need to be
made in writing before the city council can decide if an investigation is
warranted, City Attorney David Perryman said.

Two women living on Roman Way have made verbal complaints about the quality and
progress of investigations into burglaries at their homes.

"Something needs to be done," Rose Williams told the city council this week.

Any allegation of criminal wrongdoing has to be submitted in writing, Perryman
said.

"There needs to be allegations with some specificity," Perryman said. "With an
open-ended complaint, you can never reach the end."

The women originally complained to the city manager about the police department.
This was Williams' second appearance before the council.

She promised she and her neighbor would make their claims in writing.

Council members Tony Parker and Carol Jones repeatedly tried to get Williams to
be specific about her complaints.

Williams said the officers were disrespectful. She said one officer wasn't
properly trained and she was given inaccurate information.    She said she
notified Noble police that the Oklahoma City Police Department has an officer
assigned to keep track of items of hers that may have been pawned. She said the
Noble officer wasn't aware of that information, something she felt demonstrated
incompetent training.

Williams told the council she couldn't get copies of reports about her
burglaries.

Parker told the woman communication appears to be the problem and she should
contact the chief again to get copies of the police reports.

Jones told police Chief Ben Daves to give her copies of her reports that are
legally available to her.

The chief, who was at the meeting, wasn't asked about the claims against his
officers.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 23, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIES;
CHEAP SEATS;
Two films are on missions

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel

SECTION: PREVIEW; Pg. 22P Eleanor Ringel

LENGTH: 213 words


Arnold Schwarzenegger flirts with disaster in "Eraser" and Ben Stiller tries to
fill in his erased past in "Flirting With Disaster."

They're both at the dollar theaters this week, thus making the dog days of
August a little less doggy.

In David O. Russell's hilarious comedy, Stiller goes in search of his biological
parents, criss-crossing the country with his wife (Patricia Arquette) and a
psycho-babbling therapist (Tea Leoni) from an adoption agency. What he finds are
enough dysfunctional-family entanglements to choke Jerry Springer. At Lefont
Plaza, Toco Hills and Marietta Star Cinema.

Ahnuld has a mirror-image assignment in "Eraser." He's a federal agent who's
supposed to "erase" the pasts of those in the Witness Protection Program. But
things take a different turn when somebody tries to rub out (literally) his
newest case, a corporate whistle-blower played by Vanessa Williams. At Lefont
Plaza, Toco Hills, Marietta Star Cinema, Holcomb Woods, Brannon Square, Towne
Center, Southlake 3, Douglasville 3, Northeast Plaza Cinemas 12, Avondale Mall
Cinema 16, North Springs Cinema Grill and Outlet Mall Cinema 12.

One offers laughs. The other offers lots of loud explosions. They both do what
they're supposed to do well. It just depends on your mood.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In "Flirting With Disaster," Tea Leoni and Ben Stiller cross
 paths. / Miramax Films

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 23, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIES;
CHEAP SEATS;
Two films are on missions

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel

SECTION: PREVIEW; Pg. 22P Eleanor Ringel

LENGTH: 213 words


Arnold Schwarzenegger flirts with disaster in "Eraser" and Ben Stiller tries to
fill in his erased past in "Flirting With Disaster."

They're both at the dollar theaters this week, thus making the dog days of
August a little less doggy.

In David O. Russell's hilarious comedy, Stiller goes in search of his biological
parents, criss-crossing the country with his wife (Patricia Arquette) and a
psycho-babbling therapist (Tea Leoni) from an adoption agency. What he finds are
enough dysfunctional-family entanglements to choke Jerry Springer. At Lefont
Plaza, Toco Hills and Marietta Star Cinema.

Ahnuld has a mirror-image assignment in "Eraser." He's a federal agent who's
supposed to "erase" the pasts of those in the Witness Protection Program. But
things take a different turn when somebody tries to rub out (literally) his
newest case, a corporate whistle-blower played by Vanessa Williams. At Lefont
Plaza, Toco Hills, Marietta Star Cinema, Holcomb Woods, Brannon Square, Towne
Center, Southlake 3, Douglasville 3, Northeast Plaza Cinemas 12, Avondale Mall
Cinema 16, North Springs Cinema Grill and Outlet Mall Cinema 12.

One offers laughs. The other offers lots of loud explosions. They both do what
they're supposed to do well. It just depends on your mood.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: In "Flirting With Disaster," Tea Leoni and Ben Stiller cross
 paths. / Miramax Films

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 14, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

State investigating NationsBank's securities unit

BYLINE: Mickey Higginbotham; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 06F

LENGTH: 313 words


The Georgia secretary of state is looking into allegations that NationsBank
Corp.'s NationsSecurities misled investors about risks associated with its
mutual funds.

"We are cooperating," NationsBank spokesman Ellison Clary said of the
investigation, which he said has been ongoing for several months.

A spokesman for the secretary of state said he could not confirm or deny whether
a probe is under way, and could not comment further.

The news comes as NationsSecurities is being investigated by the Texas
Securities Board, which will decide in July whether to revoke the company's
broker-dealer registration.

That probe centers on allegations that the brokerage deceived investors by not
giving enough information about risks associated with two closed-end mutual
funds. NationsBank's Texas brokerage, with 46 offices and 79 brokers, is the
largest in the company's network, which spans nine states and the District of
Columbia.

Clary said the company is fighting the charges, though it is fully cooperating
with the investigation.

Georgia investors are among those in a class-action suit against the
Charlotte-based company. The suit, one of three Tampa lawyer Jonathan Alpert has
pending against NationsBank, says the company confused customers and caused them
to lose money by blurring the lines between its banking and brokerage services.
Alpert has a similar suit pending against First Union Corp.

NationsSecurities scored 7.5 out of a possible 30 points in the National Council
of Individual Investors' ranking of bank-affiliated brokerage firms, which was
released Monday. The low score was attributed to 1994 "mystery shopper" data
showing that the firm either did not mention or gave incorrect information about
the lack of FDIC insurance for mutual funds 50 percent of the time and on the
existence of fund fees and loads 38 percent of the time.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Grassley Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators in Launching Whistleblower
Protection Caucus

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Chuck Grassley, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:


[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, Sen. Chuck Grassley today led a bipartisan group of senators in
launching the Senate Whistleblower Protection Caucus.



"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation," Grassley said.  "Some of them
have already been targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the
environment for whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step
forward when they encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip
our Senate colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who
play a vital role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct."

Grassley emphasized the ongoing need to stay abreast of whistleblower concerns.
This week, a report from the independent Government Accountability Office
documented serious obstacles facing whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  Grassley plans to convene a hearing on the issue next week at
the Judiciary Committee, which he chairs.

The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative issues affecting the
treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse for current information
on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.  It will also
coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need of assistance
in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation allegations.

The founding members of the whistleblower protection caucus are Grassley
(chairman) and Sens.  Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

Grassley is the co-author of the 1986 whistleblower amendments to the False
Claims Act, making it one of the government's most powerful tools against fraud.
He is the author of the law beefing up the Internal Revenue Service's
whistleblower office.  Over the years, he has taken up for numerous
whistleblowers facing retaliation or other hardship within their agencies.

Several high profile whistleblowers, including several who have worked with
Grassley,  attended today's announcement.  They included:

Fred Whitehurst
Dr. Whitehurst is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National
Whistleblower Center and a former Supervisory Special Agent with the FBI who
began blowing the whistle on the FBI crime lab in 1989.  Dr. Whitehurst's case
prompted President Clinton to issue an order requiring the Department of Justice
to enact whistleblower protections for all FBI employees.

Robert MacLean
Mr. MacLean is a former federal air marshal who raised concerns regarding a
decision to remove air marshals from long distance flights during a confirmed
terrorist alert.  A bipartisan group of senators and representatives, including
Sens. Grassley and Wyden, filed an amicus brief in support of Mr. MacLean's
claim of retaliation, arguing that disclosures by federal employees are
protected under the Whistleblower Protection Act unless the disclosure is
specifically prohibited by statute, not merely agency rulemaking.  The Supreme
Court agreed in Department of Homeland Security v. MacLean.

John Dodson
Mr. Dodson is a Special Agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms &
Explosives.  Mr. Dodson first reported to Senator Grassley allegations of
gunwalking in Operation Fast and Furious and its connection to the death of
Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry. He later testified before the House Committee
on Oversight and Government Reform about the scandal.

Pete Forcelli
Mr. Forcelli is a Supervisory Special Agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms & Explosives.  He settled a retaliation claim with the Office of
Special Counsel after he testified before the House Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform regarding Department of Justice management failures in
connection with Operation Fast and Furious.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Noe report is released, but lacks new info

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1250 words


April 25--COLUMBUS -- Years since the last conviction, the Ohio inspector
general on Thursday released his long-delayed final investigative report into
the Coingate scandal.

But the nearly 100-page report includes no transcripts from interviews with
witnesses. Roughly 500 pages of additional documents consist largely of
contracts, meeting minutes, and court documents that were already public record.

The report by Inspector General Randall Meyer stated it first became aware of
"potential wrongdoing" after a story was published in The Blade on April 3,
2005, about Tom Noe. Noe is the former Toledo-area coin dealer now in prison for
stealing $13.7 million from the $50 million investment the Ohio Bureau of
Workers' Compensation made in rare-coin and collectible funds he administered.

The subsequent investigation into Noe spread from there, ultimately involving an
investigative task force of multiple state and federal entities.

"The investigation also uncovered acts of wrongdoing not specifically related to
Tom or his coin investment scheme," the report reads. "It was uncovered that
members of the investment selection and management team at OBWC were involved in
a bribery scheme in order to personally profit from their authority to approve
large investment payments.

"And finally, the investigation into Tom Noe uncovered one of the largest
financial frauds in Ohio history in the form of a loss of over $216 million due
to the fraud perpetrated by investment strategist Mark Lay," it reads.

Ohio Inspector General's report

The inspector general's report does not state why it took nine years to issue
the results of its probe.

The investigation of Noe's coin and collectible dealings involved 17,000 pieces
of evidence.

The report details how Noe falsified information to divert money into his own
line of credit, personal debts he owed, related companies, builders, appliance
vendors, and even U.S. Senior Open tickets.

"Tom Noe was able to obtain investment funds from OBWC, which were intended to
be invested in rare and valuable coins," the report reads.

"Out of the initial $25 million investment, Noe misappropriated $4,734,546 of
taxpayer money for his own personal gain."

The BWC later made another $25 million investment, and the misappropriation
scheme continued.

The report pointed to cash and gifts that Noe had given to officials both inside
and outside the BWC to curry favor. But it found that the corruption within the
BWC went beyond Noe's influence.

"[Then BWC chief financial officer Terrence] Gasper devised a scheme designed to
defraud the public, the OBWC, and the citizens of Ohio," it reads. "Gasper
perpetrated a scheme where he would accept bribes in exchange for using his
position and influence at OBWC to obtain and retain OBWC investment business for
third parties."

The report pointed to a check Noe wrote to Gasper's girlfriend at the time that
was truly meant for Gasper as part of broader bribery scheme involving those
seeking to do business with the bureau.

Gasper was sentenced to 60 months in federal prison for racketeering. He also
pleaded guilty to bribery and ethics charges in state court.

The report noted that the Capital Coin Funds investment ultimately showed a
return of just over $6 million on BWC's total $50 million investment after coin
and other assets were sold and other steps were taken to recover funds.

But at sentencing, Noe was ordered to pay restitution to the state in the amount
of $13.7 million, reflecting the proceeds he had directed away from the fund for
his own purposes.

Noe also served time in federal prison for using others to launder contributions
above legal limits to the 2004 re-election campaign of President George W. Bush.

He completed that sentence before starting his current 18-year sentence for
theft and other Coingate-related convictions.

In all, 19 people pleaded guilty or were convicted, including then-Republican
Gov. Bob Taft on misdemeanor ethics charges related to failure to report golf
outings and other gifts, including some involving Noe.

The Blade specifically asked for witness interview transcripts in a public
records request that ultimately led to the filing of a lawsuit by the newspaper
against the inspector general to force him to release the report or finish it if
it had not been completed. The Ohio Supreme Court had referred the case to
mediation.

"The people of Ohio deserve better than being made to wait nearly a decade for
the inspector general to issue a rehash of publicly available information, and
to do even that only under compulsion of a lawsuit," said Fritz Byers, The
Blade's attorney.

"The public's legitimate disappointment in the quality of the report is
compounded by the inspector general's failure to release the investigative
documents that support the report, which are themselves also public records," he
said. "Doing so, as his predecessor routinely did, would allow the public to
make its own judgments about the subjects of the office's reports.

"It is dismaying for the state official appointed solely to monitor and report
to the public on allegations of public malfeasance to perform so belatedly, so
poorly, and in so veiled a fashion," Mr. Byers said.

The report indicates that the task force led by the inspector general's office
conducted interviews but says information protected by the grand jury remains
confidential.

The report's preface stresses no new resources were expended to reinvestigate
the case to produce the report.

As of late January, the inspector general's office had not interviewed Noe as he
sits behind bars in southeast Ohio.

The office of Mr. Meyer, appointed by Gov. John Kasich in 2011, did not return a
call for comment.

"The thing that most surprised me is that there's really nothing new here," said
Catherine Turcer, of the government watchdog group Common Cause. "Meyer said in
February of 2012 that this report would come, but I can't see why it took so
long.

"One of the things we need to better understand from the role the inspector
general took is not just what happened -- we can get that from media reports --
but what happened in the inner workings of government," she said. "Transcripts
of interviews are background documents that we all need. It's kind of like
getting a book report but not having citations."

Ms. Turcer pointed to a portion of a report noting that records associated with
some of the convictions have been sealed.

"This report has gone on for so long that some things were not included because
convictions have been expunged," Ms. Turcer said.

The campaign of Ed FitzGerald, the Democratic Cuyahoga County executive who
hopes to challenge Republican Gov. John Kasich this fall, criticized the report
as turning a "blind eye to potentially damaging political investigations."

In its response to the report, the BWC stated, "Today, OBWC is unquestionably a
much more professional and accountable organization than it was in 2005."

It pointed to its strong investment returns in recent years that paid for a $1
billion rebate given to employers last year.

Ohio Democratic Party Chairman Chris Redfern of Catawba Island called the report
"a compilation of facts and anecdotes we already knew."

"Where's the investigation that they were doing?" he asked. "I'm struck by the
fact that no one in state government cares any more about this."

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140425-TO-Noe-report-is-released-but-lacks-new-info-0425-20140425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Greeley officer cleared of wrongdoing in April Sanborn Park shooting

BYLINE: Joe Moylan, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


July 09--SanbornReport-GDT-070815,0355

Greeley officer cleared of wrongdoing in April Sanborn Park shooting

By Joe Moylanjmoylangreeleytribune.com

Staff

A Greeley police officer who discharged his firearm at a suspect's vehicle in
April in the Sanborn Park parking lot will not be indicted, according to a
report released Tuesday by the Weld District Attorney's Office.

The officer-involved shooting occurred April 9 when police responded to Sanborn
Park on a tip that fugitive Kyle Joseph Moore, 21, was sitting in his Jeep
Cherokee with an unidentified passenger in the parking lot off of 28th Avenue.

Greeley police officer Jobe Costa and an unnamed sergeant responded to Sanborn
to contact Moore, parking their respective patrol cruisers in front of and
behind his vehicle, according to a report by the Weld County grand jury released
Tuesday. Costa exited his cruiser, drew his firearm and gave Moore several
commands to put his hands up, but Moore revved his engine and began driving
toward Costa.

Costa stepped out of the way as Moore attempted to maneuver his SUV around the
cruiser and an unoccupied parked sedan. Costa then ran after Moore as he
attempted to exit the parking lot onto 28th Avenue and fired one round into the
driver's side rear passenger window of the Cherokee, the report stated. The
bullet did not hit Moore or his passenger.

Moore would lead police on a brief chase, which ended with a crash on the U.S.
34 bypass at 35th Avenue.

The district attorney's office's investigation into the incident was submitted
to the Weld County grand jury in May. Late last week, the grand jury opted not
to indict Costa and recommended its findings be made public.

At the time of the incident, Moore was wanted on numerous warrants in Weld
County ranging from misdemeanor theft, assault and multiple parole violations to
felony vehicular eluding, identity theft and criminal impersonation. Moore is a
defendant in nine active Weld County Court and Weld District Court cases. He
also has a warrant for his arrest out of Jefferson County for misdemeanor theft.

Check back to www.greeleytribune.com or pick up a copy of Wednesday's edition of
the Greeley Tribune for more about this story.

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150709-GY-Greeley-officer-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-April-Sanborn-Park-shooting-0709-20150709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Norwalk cops cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Scott Seitz, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


May 08--Two Norwalk police officers have been cleared of any wrongdoing after a
recent incident at the Rustic Hills mobile home park.

Huron County Prosecutor Russell Leffler reviewed the menacing and unlawful
constraint complaint filed against Norwalk Police Sgts. Jim Fulton and Seth Fry
involving the April 9 situation.

Fry and Fulton, who were working a case in that area, had their unmarked police
vehicle backed into by Jessica Rothgeb, who was found to be driving under
suspension.

Rothgeb had claimed unlawful restraint at the hands of the Norwalk police
because she wasn't immediately able to retrieve her children from the bus stop.

Rothgeb was recently found guilty of driving under suspension in that incident.

"Ms. Rothgeb claims some sort of illegal restraint at the hands of the Norwalk
police," Leffler wrote in his legal opinion.

"Whenever one is involved in an automobile accident, one must remain at the
scene of the accident," Leffler added. "Of course, in the context of retrieving
her children, her concern to get them is understandable."

Leffler wrote the only charge warranted in this situation was the driving under
suspension, which Huron County Sheriff's Detective Eric Bardar issued to Rothgeb
upon his responding to the accident.

Norwalk Police Chief Dave Light was happy to see the issue resolved.

"Jim and Seth were where they were supposed to be, doing what they were supposed
to be doing," Light said.

"They got hit just like any other motorist," the chief added.

"They did let her walk down and get her children," Light said. "These were very
serious allegations made. I think Russ Leffler made the appropriate decision."

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140508-1NW-Norwalk-cops-cleared-of-wrongdoing-0508-20140508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

U.S. government denies wrongdoing in 2012 death of Fort Bragg infant

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Feb. 14--The U.S. government has denied wrongdoing in the 2012 death of a Fort
Bragg infant.

In court filings from Wednesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of North Carolina also asked that the case be dismissed.

Rachel and Jason Degenhard, married Fort Bragg soldiers, filed the lawsuit in
September, asking for $10 million over the death of their son.

Santino "Sonny" Degenhard died March 15, 2012, according to the couple's
complaint, which alleges Santino was neglected by a worker at the Pope Child
Development Center on Fort Bragg.

The daycare, on Armistead Street, has since changed its name to Eagle Child
Development Center.

According to the complaint, video surveillance shows the worker left the infant
face down on a vinyl mat in violation of state law and the daycare's policy.

A medical examiner determined Santino died of positional asphyxiation.

In the government's response, officials denied allegations of negligence, but
admit that Santino was a healthy, well-developed baby.

According to court documents, the Army's Criminal Investigation Division found
violations of Army regulations at the center. Investigators also substantiated a
complaint that a 1-year-old left the center unattended to play nearby on the
same day Santino died in the hospital.

The state revoked the center's license, but it remained open on a probationary
license under the new name, state records show.

The worker who put Santino on the mat was added to a state list of people
responsible for serious child neglect, the suit said.

Rachel Degenhard dropped her son off at Pope Child Development Center at 5:30
a.m. on March 9, 2012.

A daycare worker put Santino face down on the mat at 7:13 and after placing a
blanket under him three minutes later, left him unattended, even though the
video showed him fussing and trying to lift his head, the suit said.

At 7:24, Santino stopped moving. Two other staff members entered the room after
that and looked at him but failed to approach or check on him, even though one
said his position made him look like "a stuffed animal," the suit said.

The first worker picked him up at 7:32, at which point video showed he had
turned blue, according to the suit. Upon noticing this, the worker attempted CPR
and called 911, the suit said.

Santino was in cardiac arrest by the time emergency services arrived, the suit
said. He died six days later at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, and doctors
said he suffered brain injuries consistent with oxygen deprivation.

Doctors were able to revive Santino, but said his brain damage was so severe
that he would remain in a vegetative state. His parents agreed to turn off his
life support and donate his organs, the suit said.

Staff writer Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or 486-3567.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140214-FY-U-S-government-denies-wrongdoing
-in-2012-death-of-Fort-Bragg-infant-0214-20140214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

U.S. government denies wrongdoing in 2012 death of Fort Bragg infant

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Feb. 13--The U.S. government has denied wrongdoing in the 2012 death of a Fort
Bragg infant.

In court filings from Wednesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of North Carolina also asked the case be dismissed.

Rachel and Jason Degenhard, married Fort Bragg soldiers, filed the lawsuit in
September, asking for $10 million over the death of their son.

Santino "Sonny" Degenhard died March 15, 2012, according to the couple's
complaint, which alleges Santino was neglected by a worker at the Pope Child
Development Center on Fort Bragg.

The daycare, on Armistead Street, has since changed its name to Eagle Child
Development Center.

According to the complaint, video surveillance shows the worker left the infant
face down on a vinyl mat in violation of state law and the daycare's policy.

A medical examiner determined Santino died of positional asphyxiation.

In the government's response, officials denied allegations of negligence, but
admit that Santino was a healthy, well-developed baby.

According to court documents, the Army's Criminal Investigation Division found
violations of Army regulations at the center. Investigators also substantiated a
complaint that a 1-year-old left the center unattended to play nearby on the
same day Santino died in the hospital.

The state revoked the center's license, but it remained open on a probationary
license under the new name, state records show.

The worker who put Santino on the mat was added to a state list of people
responsible for serious child neglect, the suit said.

Rachel Degenhard dropped her son off at Pope Child Development Center at 5:30
a.m. on March 9, 2012.

A daycare worker put Santino face down on the mat at 7:13 and after placing a
blanket under him three minutes later left him unattended, even though the video
showed him fussing and trying to lift his head, the suit said.

At 7:24 Santino stopped moving. Two other staff members entered the room after
that and looked at him but failed to approach or check on him, even though one
said his position made him look like "a stuffed animal," the suit said.

The first worker picked him up at 7:32, at which point video showed he had
turned blue, according to the suit. Upon noticing this, the worker attempted CPR
and called 911, the suit said.

Santino was in cardiac arrest by the time emergency services arrived, the suit
said. He died six days later at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center and doctors said
he suffered brain injuries consistent with oxygen deprivation.

Doctors were able to revive Santino, but said his brain damage was so severe
that he would remain in a vegetative state. His parents agreed to turn off his
life support and donate his organs, the suit said.

Staff writer Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or 486-3567.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140213-FY-U-S-government-denies-wrongdoing
-in-2012-death-of-Fort-Bragg-infant-0213-20140213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

S&P Near Settlement Of Crisis-Era Suits -- Update

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Missouri


Scottrade has issued the following Press release:

Standard & Poor's Ratings Services could strike a $1.37 billion deal as early as
Thursday resolving government allegations that it knowingly issued rosy grades
of mortgages before the 2008 financial crisis, according to people familiar with
the situation.

An agreement isn't yet final, but the Justice Department is expected to receive
about $687 million, while more than 12 states as a group would get a similar
total, the people said. California is expected to receive more than $100
million, while most other states would receive between $20 million to $25
million, the people said.

A deal would resolve a 2013 Justice Department lawsuit accusing S&P of
misleading investors with inflated grades of residential mortgage bonds that
turned out to be inaccurate. Eventually, attorneys general from 20 states and
the District of Columbia made similar accusations in separate cases.

The $1.37 billion settlement would be the largest amount paid by a ratings
agency to resolve allegations of favorable bond-grading methods in the run-up to
the crisis.

Unlike big Wall Street banks, which have paid more than $100 billion to end
lawsuits related to crisis-era conduct, ratings firms have been relatively
unscathed by the surge of litigation and investigations. Roughly $165 million in
settlements have been announced to date for the industry's three largest firms.

Investors rely on ratings from S&P and its rivals Moody's Investors Service and
Fitch Ratings when making decisions about whether to buy bonds. Those three
firms issue about 95% of credit ratings globally.

The final amount S&P is expected to pay the Justice Department is less than what
the U.S. initially sought. Before filing a lawsuit, government lawyers initially
told the company they wanted a deal that included penalties of more than $1
billion, according to people familiar with those talks. They also pushed for the
firm to admit wrongdoing, these people said.

The Justice Department's eventual suit highlighted a 2007 exchange between S&P
employees in which one said a mortgage-bond deal "could be structured by cows
and we would rate it." S&P has said prosecutors "cherry picked" emails and other
documents, while ignoring millions of records that counter the accusations.

S&P, a unit of McGraw Hill Financial Inc., won't admit wrongdoing as part of the
settlement, but it will agree to a statement outlining its actions, the people
said. S&P has been adamant that it not admit wrongdoing for violating any laws
over fears that doing so would expose it to future litigation, according to
people familiar with the company's thinking.

The two-year legal fight with the Justice Department has cost S&P millions in
legal fees and the uncertainties around potential litigation have been a drag on
McGraw Hill's shares. S&P had historically been resistant to settlements, but it
took a more open stance once a new McGraw Hill general counsel took over in
August, according to people familiar with the situation.

A new pact with the Justice Department and states wouldn't resolve all legal
headaches for S&P. Last week it agreed to a $77 million settlement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and two states over allegations the firm
misled investors long after the end of the crisis. But it still faces an
approximately $800 million lawsuit from the California Public Employees'
Retirement System, the country's biggest pension fund, tied to allegations of
inflated ratings.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    National Underwriter Property & Casualty

                                February 5, 2007

Big brokers still in recovery from loss of bonus fees.

SECTION: Pg. 16 Vol. 111 No. 5 ISSN: 1042-6841

LENGTH: 636 words



HIGHLIGHT: FITCH ANALYSIS


NEARLY TWO YEARS AFTER a scandal over commission kickbacks, the world's three
major insurance brokerages are still recovering from the loss of contingent
commissions, industry analysts warn.

The reduction in one-time charges (primarily related to the fee investigation)
as well as a reduction in expenses should help brokers improve their net
earnings in 2007, according to a recent review of the U.S. insurance brokerage
industry by James Auden, an analyst with Fitch Ratings in Chicago.

However, he said, brokers will still face challenges to continue organic growth
at past-year levels In the face of a deepening soft market that will affect
commissions and revenues.

The overall outlook for brokers, said Mr. Auden, is stable for the broker
segment that Fitch reviews. Investigations into contingent commission wrongdoing
appear to be ending, and those brokers who are no longer taking contingent
commissions are adapting, he said.

Fitch has created an index of eight publicly-traded brokers. Median revenue
growth was only 6 percent for those brokers in 2006, but median organic growth
was 4 percent--up 1 point from the same period the year before. Marsh was the
only one studied to report negative growth, he noted.

In discussions of the three top brokers--Marsh, Aon and Willis--both Aon and
Willis were given positive marks, while Marsh was seen as still facing
challenges and not yet having proven it has recovered from the loss of
contingent commissions.

To settle allegations of wrongdoing by then New York Attorney General (now
governor) Eliot Spitzer, the three brokers agreed to stop taking contingent
commissions in 2004. Many other brokers still receive contingent
commissions--something that is viewed as an economic advantage by them--while
Marsh, Aon and Willis must rely on straight commissions from carriers or fees
from clients, Fitch noted.

Arthur J. Gallagher, regarded as the fourth-largest broker in the world, also
stopped taking contingent commissions as part of an agreement to settle
allegations of wrongdoing. The firm was not part of Fitch's recent
teleconference review.

Greg Dickerson, an analyst with Fitch in New York, said Marsh has not
demonstrated that it has recovered financially from the fee scandal, which is
why it has a negative rating outlook, with a "triple-B" rating.

"Although Marsh has maintained its leading global market share, the company's
operating performance, while improving, continues to lag its closest
competitors," said Mr. Dickerson.

Marsh is a subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan, which also owns the investment firm
Putnam. MMC appears to be ready to sell Putnam, which Mr. Dickerson said would
be a positive move for an entity that does not fit in with the core business.
The downside, he said, would be the loss of a diversified revenue stream.

Gretchen Roetzer, another Fitch analyst in Chicago, said Aon has a stable
outlook--reflecting a business model that is less dependent on contingent
commissions and has made other financial adjustments, including the paying-down
of debt and refinancing that has improved its financial position. The company
has also retained customers while growing new business, she noted.

Mr. Dickerson said he has a positive outlook on Willis, reflecting its strong
business and financial culture. However, Willis could suffer more financially
from downturns in the market cycle than Marsh and Aon due to its size and
dependence wholly on insurance broking services, he noted.

Willis also suffers a disadvantage because smaller competitors still benefit
from contingent commissions. He noted that compared to Marsh and Aon, Willis
appears to have gotten through the commission scandal "relatively unscathed."

He added that Willis could see an upgrade in its rating if its operating
performance continues to outpace its closest competitors.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5499558

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: NATUNPRC

                        Copyright 2007 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                  Copyright 2007 National Underwriter Company


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

In Brief

BYLINE: Ty Tagami, Mike Morris, Alexis Stevens; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 477 words


CLAYTON COUNTY

Former police chief cleared of wrongdoing

Clayton County's former police chief has been cleared of any wrongdoing by a
special prosecutor.

Jeff Turner was placed on unpaid administrative leave in January after county
officials determined they had the "factual basis" to investigate whether he
stole documents, tampered with evidence or misused surveillance equipment.

The state attorney general appointed the DeKalb County district attorney's
office as special prosecutor after the prosecutor in Clayton stepped aside. The
DeKalb prosecutor found no evidence of a crime, Orzy Theus, a spokesman for
DeKalb District Attorney Gwen Keyes Fleming, said Tuesday. Theus said the case
was now closed. TY TAGAMI

COBB COUNTY

Officials say freshman at KSU fell to her death

The freshman student who was found dead Monday morning at the base of a Kennesaw
State University parking deck fell to her death, officials said Tuesday.

Miranda Leigh Whiteway, 20, of Sandy Springs suffered "multiple blunt injuries,
consistent with the sudden impact from a fall," KSU director of university
relations Frances Weyand Harrison said.

Whiteway, who lived on campus, was discovered lying on the ground near the
campus Central Parking Deck off Frey Road about 7:50 a.m. Monday.

A Georgia Bureau of Investigation autopsy determined that Whiteway was not the
victim of foul play, the KSU statement said. TY TAGAMI

GWINNETT COUNTY

Man, woman arrested during jailhouse visits

Gwinnett County sheriff's deputies didn't have to go far to make two arrests on
Saturday. The suspects, arrested in separate incidents, were taken into custody
at the jail while visiting other inmates.

Donna Sue Harber, 38, of Lawrenceville was arrested after she was "observed by a
deputy partially unclothed and exposing her private parts to an inmate in a
visitation booth," said Stacey Bourbonnais, spokeswoman for the Sheriff's
Department.

Deputies arrested Kinnith Ray Devrick on four outstanding felony warrants as
well as drug charges. Devrick, 33, of Suwanee was arrested in the visitation
booth, and had Ecstasy pills in his possession.

MIKE MORRIS

DEKALB COUNTY

Owner of dogs in attack surrenders to police

Twyann Artrell Vaughn, owner of two dogs that mauled an 8-year-old girl, turned
herself in to DeKalb County police and was arrested Tuesday. Vaughn has been
charged with reckless conduct, a misdemeanor. Her bond has been set at $5,000.

The victim, Erin Ingram, has endured five surgeries and the amputation of part
of her arm since she was attacked in her yard by the dogs March 7. ALEXIS
STEVENS

OBITUARIES

Loyal educator and university advocate

After earning master's and doctoral degrees at upper Midwest universities,
Cameron Fincher returned to his native Georgia to embark on a distinguished
career in education. B5

VENT OF THE DAY

I also paid less taxes in 2009 than in 2008, but in 2008 I had a job.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 14, 2007 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Chief of Detention Quits Amid Montana Allegations

BYLINE: Candace Rondeaux; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 980 words


A high-ranking official with the Maryland Department of Juvenile Services
resigned yesterday amid allegations that he abused children at a youth boot camp
in Montana and ignored reports of excessive use of force there.

Chris Perkins, director of Maryland's juvenile detention facilities, stepped
down a day after a Montana judge unsealed an investigative report describing the
abuse of at least 14 teenagers at the Swan Valley Youth Academy during Perkins's
tenure there from 2003 to 2006.

According to the report, Perkins and other staff members at the boot camp used
"intimidation," "brute force" and "threats" to create an "environment of fear"
and a "culture of terror" that eventually led to the program's closure last
year. At various times during Perkins's tenure, staff members forced youths to
exercise naked for hours at a time, repeatedly slammed several juveniles against
a wall and placed them in isolation, in one case for days at a time, according
to the report.

Reached at his home yesterday, Perkins, who was hired in May to run the Victor
Cullen Youth Center in Frederick County, said the Montana allegations were
unfounded. He said he decided to resign his Maryland post because the reports
had caused a national media storm.

There have been no allegations of wrongdoing at Victor Cullen.

"It was my decision to leave," said Perkins, who was promoted recently to
director of the state's juvenile detention facilities. "I was not forced to
resign. I felt it was in the best interest of the department."

Gov. Martin O'Malley (D), who was asked about Perkins at an unrelated news
conference yesterday, referred questions to Juvenile Services. Department
spokeswoman Tammy Brown said Monday that the department had begun an
investigation into Perkins's background that thus far had "exonerated" him of
any wrongdoing.

She said Juvenile Services Secretary Donald W. DeVore was unaware of the Montana
allegations and had not seen the confidential abuse report unsealed Wednesday.

That statement appears to conflict somewhat with Perkins's account. Perkins said
the state attorney general's office had received copies of the confidential
abuse report and a report about licensing violations two weeks ago and that
DeVore's office was made aware of the specifics of the reports at that time.

In a statement released yesterday, Brown said Perkins had stepped down because
he "acknowledged the media attention surrounding the Montana case that was
dismissed has been a distraction to the department and he does not want to
further hinder the department's progress." The statement also said DeVore viewed
Perkins's contribution as "vital in the progress of the department."

Brown did not return a call requesting further comment.

DeVore, who once worked with Perkins at a juvenile program in Pennsylvania,
tapped Perkins to serve as superintendent of Victor Cullen in May, shortly
before the once-decrepit Sabillasville facility reopened after a five-year
closure. His hiring and the center's reopening were heralded by O'Malley and
DeVore as a turning point for the state's long-troubled juvenile justice system.

Questions about Perkins's  appointment to the $76,000-a-year Victor Cullen job
and his subsequent promotion were first raised in the Baltimore City Paper.
DeVore and other department officials have said repeatedly that they were
unaware of the abuse allegations when Perkins was hired.

Marlana Valdez, the independent monitor charged with reviewing conditions at
Maryland juvenile centers, said she was disappointed that a more thorough check
was not done before his hiring.

"I think this has been  a really unfortunate chapter, and it's a chapter that
could have been prevented by a full check of his recent employment," Valdez
said. "I hope the department is really seriously looking at closing gaps in
their hiring process."

Montana's Public Health and Human Services Department began investigating
allegations of abuse at Swan Valley after a nonprofit civil rights organization
raised concerns about the facility. State health officials found 19 licensing
violations, according to a 2006 agency report. The licensing report concluded
that Perkins and the staff did not always report complaints of abuse to the
proper authorities, as required.

Joseph Newman, Perkins's former boss and chief executive of Cornerstone Programs
Corp., the Colorado-based company that ran Swan Valley, said yesterday that he
suspended Perkins in November 2005 and fired him in February 2006 after the
investigation's findings were reported. The company voluntarily closed Swan
Valley that month.

Montana health officials launched a separate child abuse and neglect
investigation in 2005, state records show. That investigation found that Perkins
directly abused or neglected youths under his care during several incidents. In
one case, according to the report, Perkins left a boy in mechanical restraints
in isolation overnight after a suicide attempt.

The January 2006 report also describes several instances in which youths were
forced to exercise to the point of exhaustion while staff members barked orders
and cursed at them. In several cases, the juveniles were then were forced to
down excessive amounts of water, which often led to vomiting.

Perkins and Swan Valley staff member Jeff Wagner formally challenged those
findings. Allegations against them were dropped after Montana health officials
failed to show up for a hearing last year. An administrative hearing officer
dismissed the case in December 2006 but said allegations had been
"substantiated," state records show.

Perkins disagreed with that characterization. "The report's damning; I don't
disagree," he said. "But if, at the end of the day, it was as bad as it was, why
did the state of Montana not do anything? They knew that this report was
undocumented and unprofessional."

Staff writer Lisa Rein contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 21, 2007 Sunday

HEARD THIS ONE?

BYLINE: Compiled by the Mercury News

SECTION: BRIEFS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 278 words

Shots of booze

The president of the Nebraska Veterinary Medical Association has been accused of
injecting racehorses with alcohol 75 times, charging $15 a shot and writing it
off as a ``pre-race adjustment.''

Jay Stewart faces four misdemeanor counts of attempting to influence a race by
tampering with horses on four occasions. Stewart is accused of administering
intravenous vodka shots to horses at Fonner Park in Grand Island in 2005.

Stewart has served two terms on the state Veterinary Medical Association board.
His trial is scheduled to start Wednesday in Hall County.

Alcohol injections have been whispered about in racing circles for years, said
Scot Waterman, executive director of the Racing Medication and Testing
Consortium, Inc. The alcohol is used to calm jittery horses before they go to
the starting gate.

Waterman said he believes the prosecution for administering alcohol to a horse
is a first in U.S. racing.

In a story reported Friday by the Omaha World-Herald, Stewart denied any
wrongdoing. He doesn't consider $15 for a shot of vodka wrongdoing?

ON THE WEB

Dogging it

A Boston Red Sox fan has devised a way for the team to make a little extra cash
off new pitcher Daisuke ``Dice-K'' Matsuzaka.

The plan, detailed at yanksfansoxfan.typepad.com, calls for the Red Sox to add
Matsuzaka beef to their hot dogs and increasing the price of their new ``Dice
Dog'' from $5 to $23. The fan figures the Red Sox sell 300,000 hot dogs per
season and would gain about $10 per dog in profit, meaning an extra $3 million
per year.

It's not a whole lot of money by baseball standards, but it surely will cut into
the $100 million the Red Sox have invested in the pitcher.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 26, 2013 Thursday

Utahn of the Year: Sim Gill played a pivotal role in the year's biggest stories

BYLINE: By Terry Orme The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1498 words


A prosecutor's job is to convict criminals, get them off the street and into a
place where they will do no harm, and, with any luck, change their ways.

But prosecutors also carry a much larger burden: Find the truth. They must
pursue that elusive ideal without fear of, or favor toward, the powerful. That
mission becomes especially hard when the path points to possible wrongdoing by
someone who is supposed to be on the same side of the law as they are.

Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill found himself in that uncomfortable
place in 2013. Not once, but twice.

Time will tell how allegations of influence peddling by former Utah Attorney
General John Swallow and his predecessor, Mark Shurtleff, develop. Same goes for
potential criminal charges in the shooting death of Danielle Willard by West
Valley City narcotics detectives, a shooting Gill ruled unjustified.

But in the case of West Valley City, the Salt Lake County prosecutor has pulled
back the sheet covering a culture of what could be law enforcement incompetence
at best, criminal wrongdoing at worst.

In the wake of the Willard shooting, and the district attorney's dismissal of
more than 110 drug cases because of investigative irregularities, the new police
chief is taking a hard look at how things have been done in Utah's second
largest city, auditing more than 1,300 criminal cases. West Valley City can't
help but emerge as a better place to live, visit and do business.

Gill spent the past 12 months asking tough questions to shine a light on two of
the biggest Utah stories of 2013, stories about abuses of power.

For that, he is The Salt Lake Tribune's Utahn of the Year.

Sim Gill grew up in Utah, graduating from Kearns High School and the University
of Utah before earning a law degree from Lewis and Clark in Portland, Ore.

But his path to a career in law and order started in a small village in India,
where, as an 8-year-old, he witnessed a neighbor being wrongly arrested and
beaten for stealing jewelry. Gill remembers wondering: Who polices the police?

Ironically, that experience would be used against him when, after a nine-month
investigation, he ruled that West Valley City officers were not in personal
danger when they shot and killed the unarmed Danielle Willard.

First it was the officers' attorneys who made personal attacks on Gill, but the
rhetoric soon turned political when the Salt Lake County GOP chairman proclaimed
that the Democratic D.A.'s boyhood experiences had made him soft on criminals.
"It might simply be that Sim is a cop hater," Chad Bennion surmised.

Gill's cool response: "At the end of the day, it is the facts and the evidence
at hand that drive the situation. Nobody is above the law."

With the Swallow investigation, Gill knowingly entered tricky political water --
mitigated by the fact that his partner, Davis County Attorney Troy Rawlings, is
a Republican and the FBI and the Utah Department of Public Safety are assisting.

Gill and Rawlings are leading one of five investigations of Swallow with
allegations involving bribery, extortion and influence peddling. The U.S.
Justice Department ended its probe in September, announcing it would not file
charges against Swallow or Shurtleff. An inquiry by the lieutenant governor's
office determined Swallow committed five election-law violations. But the
attorney general's resignation precluded any further action.

A Utah House investigation of Swallow is wrapping up after two days of stunning
revelations as special counsel Steve Reich and his investigative team told of
Swallow falsifying calendar entries to cover up his relationship with indicted
businessman Jeremy Johnson, and that Swallow gave preferential treatment to big
campaign donors and went to great lengths to keep those relationships from
public scrutiny.

Now, only the investigation by Gill and Rawlings continues, and presumably it
will be up to them to follow up on the information ferreted out by the House
probe. Two weeks ago they filed charges against a central player in the scandal,
Tim Lawson, a close associate of Shurtleff with ties to Swallow as well. Lawson
was charged with six felonies, accusing him of tax evasion, retaliating against
witnesses, obstruction of justice and a pattern of unlawful activity.

Gill and Rawlings can't say where their investigation will lead. But the fact
that charges have been filed shows that a couple of watchdogs are on the case,
watchdogs with some teeth.

Sim Gill likely would tell you that what he has done in 2013 is nothing out of
the ordinary; he's doing his job. In the past, he has said precisely that when
someone attempted a compliment. He knows the job is bigger than he is. He
describes his role as a "temporary caretaker" who serves at the will of the
public.

"It's never my office," he told Tribune reporter Jennifer Napier-Pearce last
week. "It is really your office and you just give me the privilege to tend it
for a period of time."

He showed similar deference when asked about sanctioning Salt Lake County
marriage certificates in the wake of U.S. District Judge Robert J. Shelby
declaring Utah's same-sex ban to be unconstitutional.

Said Gill, moments after advising Salt Lake County Clerk Sherrie Swensen to make
licenses available to same-sex couples:

"Our commitment is to the rule of law, our commitment is to making sure the
constitutional rights of every citizen in the United States and state of Utah
are protected. As of this moment, that means we do not discriminate. If a person
stands in line, as a citizen they have a right to apply for that license and we
have a responsibility as a public institution to honor their expectation."

Sim Gill is just doing his job.

But it is a very tough job, a very important job -- one that has profound
bearing on how people in power in Utah conduct themselves, one that demonstrates
to all that justice will be served for all.

In West Valley City, a young, troubled woman is dead at the hands of police, and
scores of alleged drug offenders will not be prosecuted. In the Utah Capitol,
the office that stands up for and protects law-abiding citizens is tainted and
in question.

And across the state, Utahns watch as investigations led by Sim Gill play out.

Terry Orme is The Tribune's editor and publisher. Reach him at orme@sltrib.com

-- Online readers vote for Utahn of the Year Comic Con impresario Dan Farr was
the runaway winner with online voters for The Salt Lake Tribune's 2013 Utahn of
the Year. The founder of Salt Lake City's phenomenally successful fan convention
attracted almost twice as many votes as the nearest competitor, which were not
humans but water-friendly rodents, the so-called "Hero Beavers" whose dams
helped keep diesel fuel leaking from a Chevron pipeline from reaching Willard
Bay and, potentially, the Great Salt Lake.The poll, which was posted at
sltrib.com in early December, should be considered an unscientific sample of
Utahns' opinions. Almost 2,000 votes were cast. The Tribune's choice for Utahn
of the Year, Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill, was a distant third
among voters, followed by University of Utah economist and demographer Pam
Perlich.The biggest newsmaker of the year, former Utah Attorney General John
Swallow, was low in the voting, behind documentary film producer Geralyn
Dreyfous and former Real Salt Lake coach Jason Kreis.Actor-director Robert
Redford, the daughters of convicted murderer Martin MacNeill, Sen. Mike Lee and
Utah House Speaker Becky Lockhart came in at the bottom third of the ballot.In
dead last: Glenn Taylor of YouTube and Goblin Valley infamy.Many readers offered
write-in options. Among them: Maryann Martindale, executive director of the
Alliance for a Better Utah; Tribune reporters Robert Gehrke and Tom Harvey, who
broke and led the way on the Swallow saga; and the plaintiffs who filed suit
against Amendment 3 -- Karen Archer, Kate Call, Derek Kitchen, Moudi Sbeity,
Laurie Wood and Kody Partridge. Their fight last week led to Judge Robert
Shelby's historic decision making Utah the 18th state to legalize same-sex
marriage. -- Past Utahns of the Year 2012   Mormons Building Bridges 2011   Salt
Lake City Police Chief Chris Burbank 2010   Kidnapping survivor Elizabeth Smart,
her mother, Lois, and her sister, Mary Katherine 2009   Kidnapping survivor
Elizabeth Smart 2008   Utah entrepreneur and philanthropist Larry H. Miller 2007
First responders to tragedies including the Trolley Square shooting rampage and
the Crandall Canyon Mine disaster 2006   Latino leaders Jorge Fierro, Andrew
Valdez, Ruby Chacon and Alma Armendariz 2005   Pamela Atkinson, advocate for the
poor 2004   Utahns killed in Iraq and Afghanistan 2003   Gov. Olene Walker 2002
LDS Church President Gordon B. Hinckley 2001   2002 Winter Games organizer Mitt
Romney 2000   Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson 1999   The letter that sparked
the Olympic bribery scandal 1998   Mary Ann Kingston, who suffered a brutal
beating after escaping plural marriage 1997   NBA MVP Karl Malone

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prosecutor Denies Pressure on KPMG to Cut Off Legal Fees

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 635 words


A federal prosecutor in the tax shelter trial of 16 former employees of the
accounting firm KPMG said yesterday that he thought the firm should cut off
their legal fees, but insisted that the government did not put pressure on it to
do so.

The testimony by the prosecutor, Stanley Okula, an assistant United States
attorney, came at a hearing held to determine whether Manhattan prosecutors
inappropriately pressed KPMG into cutting off the legal fees for the 16 early in
2004 as a condition of not seeking indictment of the firm over its creation and
sale of questionable tax shelters.

Asked by a lawyer for one defendant whether prosecutors had told KPMG to cut off
the fees, Mr. Okula repeatedly said no. But he acknowledged that ''my hope or
thought was that it was a mistake for KPMG to advance'' the fees ''if the firm
had any choice'' in the matter.

Lawyers for the KPMG defendants, including a former vice chairman, contend that
the firm, in an attempt to gain favor with the government, improperly broke with
its 30-year practice of advancing legal fees.

KPMG narrowly avoided indictment last year and instead reached a $456 million
deferred-prosecution agreement over the aggressive tax shelters. In the process,
it admitted to criminal wrongdoing and agreed to cooperate with the
investigation of its former employees.

The question of who pays legal fees has focused attention on a 2003 Justice
Department memorandum that set guidelines on how to prosecute companies accused
of criminal wrongdoing. The document, written by Larry D. Thompson, the deputy
attorney general at the time, came in the wake of a series of corporate
scandals, including the one that resulted in the indictment in 2002 of the
accounting firm Arthur Andersen over its work for Enron.

The Thompson memorandum laid out factors that prosecutors could use when
determining whether to indict a company. One factor was whether the company
advanced legal fees to employees caught up in an investigation.

Lawyers and prosecutors regard the KPMG settlement as a textbook example of what
happens when a company strictly follows the guidelines in the memorandum. KPMG
cut off legal fees early in 2004, around the time that it came under a grand
jury investigation of its tax shelters.

Ronald DePetris, who represents Philip Wiesner, one of the KPMG defendants,
asserted yesterday that ''the Thompson memorandum is unconstitutional'' and
contended that the prosecutors abused it with the KPMG defendants.

The judge in the case, Lewis A. Kaplan of Federal District Court in Manhattan,
has raised questions in past hearings over whether that aspect of the Thompson
memorandum violated a defendant's constitutional rights to legal representation
and a fair trial.

An internal lawyer at KPMG, Joseph Loonan, testified that the decision not to
pay the fees came early in 2004 from the firm's chairman, Eugene O'Kelly, now
deceased, on the advice of KPMG's lawyers at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom.

But a Skadden lawyer, Saul M. Pilchen, testified yesterday that his handwritten
notes from a February 2004 meeting with prosecutors quoted one of the
prosecutors at the meeting, Justin Weddle, as saying that '' if you have
discretion regarding fees, we will look at that under a microscope.''

Partnerships like KPMG typically pay an employee's legal fees. Nonetheless, KPMG
had a choice, and initially said that it would advance up to $400,000 in fees
for each employee but only if he or she were not indicted.

Mr. Okula also said under questioning that he was troubled by an $8 million to
$10 million severance package that KPMG gave one of the 16 former employees,
Jeffrey Stein, who was fired as vice chairman in 2004 as part of what the firm
called a housecleaning amid the federal inquiry into its tax shelter work.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 12, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

LETTERS;
Arts are awesome in public schools

SECTION: NORTH FULTON EXTRA; Pg. 09JH

LENGTH: 949 words


The members of the State Bridge Crossing Elementary PTA want to say how much we
value the Fulton County School Arts Program. Everything from the brightly
colored furniture when you walk through our front doors to our wall exhibits
show how much the arts can change the complexion of even a 2-year-old facility.

Thanks in large part to the addition of Marilyn Katz to our teaching staff, this
has been a great year for the arts at SBCE, with the highlight being an
extensive, schoolwide Picasso exhibit. When kindergarten students watch a movie
like "Toy Story" and actually get it when Mr. Potato Head says, "Hey, I'm a
Picasso!" that is measurable and, to some, amazing proof of the importance of
arts in education.

With that and so much more in mind, we respectfully request that Fulton County's
commissioners direct all possible funds to this very important area. JUNE
CORNETT President, State Bridge PTA Authorities sending the wrong message Near
the end of the North Fulton article about the Wal-Mart robberies, it says, "Kids
feel nobody likes a tattletale, but the question is where do you draw the line?"

I have two children in elementary school, and their teachers keep shutting them
up with "don't be a tattletale," or "nobody likes a tattletale" when they try to
report a wrongdoing or another kid hurting them. This outrages me. If our
schools teach our children at a young age not to report a crime just because the
teacher is too lazy to take corrective action --- or too scared of our relaxed
punishment society --- then these children will grow up to watch someone get
mugged and do nothing about it. After all, their subconscious mind has been
programmed not to tattle on anything, right or wrong.

Where do you draw the line? You don't. You encourage children to be good
citizens and tell on all wrongdoings. Then you, the responsible adult, decide
how serious the wrongdoing is and act appropriately rather than hushing up the
child for trying to do what he or she thought was right.

I know, some kids tell on others too much and too often. The answer is not to
hush them up with the "nobody likes a tattletale" cop-out. The answer is to
educate the youngster on right and wrong and raise the quality of his telling to
limit it to serious wrongdoings. TONY ROBERTS Marietta Complex can serve whole
community As a member of the advisory committee for the development, building
and furnishing of the North Fulton Multipurpose Senior Complex, I appreciate
that our Fulton County commissioners have provided the funds for this complex.

Under the guidance of Melinda Davis, Fulton County Office of Aging, the
completed complex will not only meet the needs of the area's current population,
but also of those after the year 2000 who will be greater in number and more
sophisticated in background, and, therefore, have different demands.

Our committee has been given the task of naming the whole complex, as well as
the individual buildings. Some of us feel that this task should have greater
input from the community. A geographically related name for the complex might be
helpful to the community, such as the "North Fulton Senior Service Complex."

One of the members of the advisory panel has worked longer and harder than any
of the others. Her main interest has been the multipurpose building, and it has
been suggested that she be honored by naming this building "The Dorothy Benson
Building."

The other buildings could be named for one or both of our Fulton County
commissioners, for a member of the Fulton County delegation or some other
official.

Other suggestions for this complex include those related to programming,
especially for those with dementias having access to day care. It should not
include only those with physical disabilities.

Hopefully, in the future, thought will be given to opening at least some of the
buildings to the general community, rather than restricting it to the older
members and leaving it vacant on evenings and weekends.

Long-range plans could include offering this wonderful facility to the community
at large and restricting it to seniors between the hours of 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
CHARLOTTE SACHS Atlanta Toll bridge proposal is outrageous idea

I go to college and I have been reading the paper faithfully and know what is
going on. Up until now, I liked Fulton County Chairman Mitch Skandalakis. When
he proposed a toll bridge crossing the river, he declared war on Cobb County's
commuters.

I feel that Cobb commuters should not have to pay 75 cents to a dollar for a
toll bridge. Cobb County did something right by widening Johnson Ferry Road to
six lanes. I think that Fulton County should do the same thing. Yes, progress
hurts, but it must be done. . . .

I see some solutions to this problem: 1) This proposed toll bridge is out of the
question; 2) Fulton County should widen Johnson Ferry; 3) widen Riverside Drive.
These are just some ideas. I wonder what would happen if we charge Fulton County
commuters to come into our county and our nice six lanes? Just outrage. Now you
see my point. CHRIS GROSKOPF Marietta Send your letters to the editor at North
Fulton Section, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, 6455 Best Friend Road, Norcross,
GA 30071; or fax 770-263-3011; or e-mail NorthFulton@ajc.com. Please include a
daytime phone number. Mail items to: AJC/North Fulton section 6455 Best Friend
Road Norcross, GA 30071 E-mail: NorthFulton@ajc.com Getting your news into the
North Fulton section: The North Fulton section publishes a variety of community
news items, ranging from a calendar of north Fulton events and meetings to
residents' personal honors and brief reports on education and business.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

McGarty pleads no contest in Wausau massage case, denies wrongdoing

BYLINE: Chris Hubbuch, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Jan. 23--Monsignor Bernard McGarty was convicted of disorderly conduct this week
but denies the underlying allegations of indecent conduct with a massage
therapist.

"I totally deny (it)," McGarty said Thursday.

The 89-year-old retired priest pleaded no contest Monday in Wausau Municipal
Court and paid a $250 fine for the non-criminal citation.

McGarty was not arrested but was issued a $250 ticket for lifting the covering
off of his groin during a massage and asking the masseuse to rub his genitals.
The massage therapist refused and left the room, she told Wausau police. McGarty
also called her a derogatory name, she told police.

"I categorically deny saying anything inappropriate to the masseuse," McGarty
said. "The statement by the policeman is a total fabrication and it is the
biggest piece of fiction since 'Gone With the Wind.'"

McGarty said he entered the no contest plea -- in which he denies guilt but
concedes he would likely be convicted -- "because it's a minor violation ... and
I just want to move forward."

The Diocese of La Crosse barred McGarty from public ministry after news of his
citation. In a statement, a spokesman said now that the civil charges have been
resolved, the diocese will begin its investigation in accordance with its sexual
misconduct procedures. McGarty will remain barred from public ministry during
the investigation.

McGarty has served in several leadership positions in the diocese. He was also a
visiting scholar of ecumenical studies at Viterbo University, which severed ties
with him after the incident.

___ (c)2015 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150123-LQ-McGarty-pleads-no-contest-in-Wausau-massage-case-denies-
wrongdoing-0123-20150123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2015 La Crosse Tribune


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

McGarty pleads no contest in Wausau massage case, denies wrongdoing

BYLINE: Chris Hubbuch, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Jan. 22--Monsignor Bernard McGarty was convicted of disorderly conduct this week
but denies the underlying allegations of indecent conduct with a massage
therapist.

"I totally deny (it)," McGarty said Thursday.

The 89-year-old retired priest pleaded no contest Monday in Wausau Municipal
Court and paid a $250 fine for the non-criminal  citation.

McGarty was not arrested but was issued a $250 ticket after he lifted the
covering off of his groin during a massage and asked the masseuse to rub his
genitals. The massage therapist refused and left the room, she told Wausau
police. McGarty also called her a derogatory name, she told police.

"I categorically deny saying anything inappropriate to the masseuse," McGarty
said. "The statement by the policeman is a total fabrication and it is the
biggest piece of fiction since Gone With the Wind."

McGarty said he entered the no contest plea -- in which he denies guilt but
concedes he would likely be convicted -- "because it's a minor violation ... and
I just want to move forward."

The Diocese of La Crosse barred McGarty from public ministry after news of his
citation. In a statement, a spokesman said now that the civil charges have been
resolved, the diocese will begin its investigation in accordance with its sexual
misconduct procedures. McGarty will remain barred from public ministry during
the investigation.

McGarty has served in several leadership positions in the diocese. He was also a
visiting scholar of ecumenical studies at Viterbo University, which severed ties
with him after the incident.

___ (c)2015 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150122-LQ-McGarty-pleads-no-contest-in-Wausau-massage-case-denies-
wrongdoing-0122-20150122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2015 La Crosse Tribune


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 21, 1997 Tuesday

Strong denies wrongdoing in connection with Molten  Suits against U.S. company
he founded pushed by lawyers, he says

BYLINE: BY PAUL WALDIE The Globe and Mail

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 683 words


Former Ontario Hydro head Maurice Strong is denying any wrongdoing, disputing
claims made in a series of lawsuits and allegations of improper political fund
raising that have hit a U.S. company he helped found.

Molten Metal Technology Inc. of Waltham, Mass., faces five class-action lawsuits
over allegations company officials misled investors about future government
grants in order to drive up the share price. The share price dropped 50 per cent
a year ago when the company said the grants would be cut in 1997.

Molten is also under investigation by U.S. Congressional committees over
allegations it provided political donations in return for government contracts.
The company has denied the allegations in the lawsuit and before the Congress.

Mr. Strong is a director of Molten and is named in the class-action lawsuits
along with six other company officials. The suits were filed last winter but a
motion to amalgamate them into one suit is expected to be filed this week in
Boston.

"All I can say at this stage is that unfortunately these things go with being
involved in public companies in the U.S.," Mr. Strong said yesterday.

"I have no doubt whatsoever that it will either be dismissed or they will
certainly not prove that I did anything that I shouldn't have been doing. I have
never done anything that I wouldn't have been proud of in my public or private
life and certainly this is no exception."

Mr. Strong, who was Ontario Hydro chairman from 1992 to 1995 and now is with the
United Nations, said he had been trying to resign from the company's board in
the past year because of lack of time but was urged to stay because of his
international experience. He blamed eager U.S. lawyers for the lawsuits.

"What happens in the U.S. is lawyers [start] these things because they involve
big fees, even if it's just a settlement. There are a lot of these things around
whenever there is a drop in the value of a stock. You can almost exepct it."

Mr. Strong helped start Molten in 1989. The company is developing a process to
turn industrial waste into reusable products.

However, Molten has yet to market the process widely and has piled up huge
losses. The company lost $61.2-million (U.S.) last year and $49.3-million in the
first six months of 1997. Total revenue in 1996 was $63.5-million.

The lawsuits allege Molten officials misled investors between March, 1995, and
October, 1996, about the company's technology and the amount of grants it would
receive from the U.S. Department of Energy. DOE grants accounted for 13 per cent
of Molten's revenue in 1996 and 30 per cent in 1995.

On Oct. 20, 1996, the company announced that DOE grants would be cut in 1997. As
a result the share price dropped to $14.25 from $28.12 on the Nasdaq Stock
Market. The shares closed yesterday at $5.37. The suits allege that company
insiders, including Mr. Strong, sold $15.4-million worth of stock before the
announcement.

Mr. Strong acknowledged he exercised $2.8-million worth of stock options but
said the transactions were done properly. He said he currently owns a tiny
portion of stock. Company records show he holds 56,166 shares directly. A
company he partly owns, Environmental Capital Corp., owns 209,000. Molten has
about 24 million shares.

On the political front, the DOE and committees of the U.S. Senate and House of
Representatives are investigating donations Molten and company chief executive
officer William Haney made to the Democratic Party last year.

On one occasion, Mr. Haney donated $50,000 to help endow a chair at the
University of Tennessee in honour of the sister of U.S. Vice-President Al Gore.
Two days later, Molten received an $8-million increase in a DOE grant. Mr. Haney
and Molten have denied any link between the donation and the grant.

The committees are examining other donations by Molten to the Democrats.

"I don't think my name has ever surfaced with [investigators]," Mr. Strong said.
"I know Al Gore just through my environmental activity over the years. There has
never been any suggestion in any of these meetings that I had anything to do
with that."

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 28, 2007 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Artificial-Joint Makers Settle Kickback Case

BYLINE: By BARNABY J. FEDER

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1000 words


Four of the nation's biggest makers of artificial hips and knees have agreed to
pay a total of $310 million  in penalties to settle federal accusations that
they used fake consulting agreements and other tactics to get surgeons to use
their products.

Under the settlements, which were announced yesterday by the United States
attorney in Newark,  the four companies were charged with criminal conspiracy to
violate anti-kickback laws. But they will not be prosecuted if they follow new
compliance procedures under federal monitoring for 18 months.

''This industry routinely violated anti-kickback statutes by paying physicians
for the purpose of exclusively using their products,'' said  Christopher J.
Christie, the United States attorney in Newark. ''Prior to our investigation,
many orthopedic surgeons in this country made decisions predicated on how much
money they could make -- choosing which device to implant by going to the
highest bidder.''

The fines will settle potential civil charges against the companies and preserve
their ability to receive federal Medicare reimbursements. None of the companies
admitted any wrongdoing.

A fifth big maker of orthopedic devices, Stryker Orthopedics, accepted federal
supervision for 18 months. But the Justice Department agreed not to file
criminal charges because Stryker was the first company to cooperate in the
investigation, according to the government. The company admitted no wrongdoing.

Stryker Orthopedics, which is based in  Mahwah, N.J., and is a unit of the
Stryker Corporation of Kalamazoo, Mich., did not reach any settlement of
potential civil charges. But Dean Bergy, Stryker's chief financial officer, said
the company was not aware of anything in connection with the investigation that
might lead to civil charges or any restriction on Medicare reimbursements.

The other companies involved included Biomet; the DePuy Orthopaedics unit of
Johnson & Johnson; and Zimmer Holdings, all based in Warsaw, Ind. The fourth was
Smith & Nephew, a British company whose orthopedics subsidiary has headquarters
in Memphis.

The government said the five companies represented 95 percent of the hip and
knee implant market.

Although no doctors were cited in the settlements, the investigation is
continuing, Mr. Christie said.

The inquiry began in March 2005 when Mr. Christie's office sent subpoenas to the
companies, requesting documents related to their consulting and ''professional
service'' agreements with doctors from 2002 on. Later, the inquiry expanded
backward into relationships with doctors starting in the late 1990s and included
matters like the terms of research grants. Wall Street learned the investigation
had reached the stage of preliminary settlement negotiations in a Biomet filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in July.

Relationships between orthopedics companies and their customers are among the
most complicated -- and potentially conflicted -- in health care. In contrast to
drugs, which are typically developed in company laboratories, many orthopedic
devices and related tools originate from inventions by doctors, who often retain
a financial stake in their market success.

Even when devices are invented by companies, they are often extensively modified
during development in consultation with leading doctors, whom the device
companies then turn to for help in commercial application of the products and
training other doctors to use them.

The costs of the devices are usually charged to a hospital or clinic rather than
the surgeons, even though the surgeons have control over which are used. And
while some orthopedic devices are highly specialized, others are mature products
that vary little from company to company.

As a result, as surgeons select among devices, companies have strong incentive
to court them with paid consulting agreements or other financial inducements.

The settlements allow the companies to continue to enter into product
development agreements with doctors that reward them with royalties based on
future sales. But the companies will be required to pay for consulting and other
services on an hourly basis, with a cap of $500 an hour. Zimmer, the market
leader in hips and knees, is paying $169.5 million to settle the civil charges.
''Importantly, the resolution agreements clearly define how we and our key
competitors will interact with physician collaborators, thereby establishing a
standard of conduct across the industry,'' said David Dvorak, Zimmer's president
and chief executive.

DePuy, which is paying $84.7 million, said in a news release that it ''supports
this agreement and the government's efforts to further positive change
throughout the industry.''

Smith & Nephew, paying $28.9 million, issued a statement from David Illingworth,
its chief executive. ''We are satisfied that the industrywide compliance program
made uniform by this settlement will ensure continued, appropriate use of
consultants,'' Mr. Illingworth said.

Shares of all four public companies rose after the settlement announcement.

Biomet, which was fined $26.9 million, was acquired by private equity investors
in an $11.4 billion deal that closed Tuesday. It no longer trades as a public
stock.

''The dollar figures were a little higher than expected, but this is being
viewed as a speeding ticket for these companies,'' said Robin Young, a
consultant and publisher of Orthopedics This Week, a newsletter.

Mr. Young said he happened to be running a panel at a conference in Warsaw on
innovations in orthopedics when news of the settlement arrived. He said one
theme in the ensuing discussion was that the government might now turn attention
to smaller orthopedics companies. Those companies have been taking market share
from the industry leaders and often have more extensive financial relationships
with their customers than the industry leaders. Government scrutiny of those
relationships could make it harder to snatch business from the bigger companies.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     May 10, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

Ex-governor found guilty in Louisiana

BYLINE: Anne Rochell Konigsmark, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 741 words

New Orleans --- A jury convicted former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards of 17
counts of fraud and racketeering Tuesday, shocking many state residents who
believed the flamboyant politician would be acquitted. He was found innocent of
nine counts.

Edwards, 72, the only Louisiana governor to serve four terms, was convicted of
running a criminal enterprise created to extort hundreds of thousands of dollars
from business people wanting to open riverboat casinos in Louisiana. Evidence
indicated the operation existed from 1991 to 1997 and involved five proposed
riverboat casinos. Edwards was serving his last term in office when the
extortion scheme began.

"I'm surprised they got him this time," said Taaffe Berlier, a bartender at
Frankie and Johnnie's, a New Orleans restaurant. "They've never been able to
before."

Paul Garraty, who was watching the verdict on TV from a bar stool at the
restaurant, said he didn't think it was possible to find a jury that would
convict the legendary governor.

"People love his rapier wit," the New Orleans resident said. "He's absolutely
guilty, but that's kind of beside the point for a lot of people."

The federal jury in Baton Rouge also found Edwards' oldest son, Stephen, guilty
of 18 charges. He was acquitted of five. Three other defendants --- Edwards
cronies Cecil Brown, Bobby Johnson and Andrew Martin --- were found guilty on
all of the counts against them.

"I regret that it ended this way, but that is the system," the ex-governor said
calmly outside the courtroom. He was flanked by his daughter, Anna, who sobbed
and held his shoulder, and his wife, Candy, who cried quietly.

"There's an old Chinese proverb that says if you sit by the river long enough,
the dead body of your enemy will float down the river. I guess the feds sat
there long enough and here comes my body," Edwards mused.

The jury exonerated state Sen. Greg Tarver and former Gaming Control Board
member Ecotry Fuller. They were accused of giving a confidential state report to
Eddie de Bartolo Jr., the former owner of the San Francisco 49ers who wanted to
open a casino in Shreveport.

In exchange for a lighter sentence, de Bartolo pleaded guilty to giving money to
Edwards, who, according to testimony, promised to illegally influence the
licensing process in de Bartolo's favor. De Bartolo testified for the
prosecution, but Edwards was acquitted on the charges relating to his casino
project.

Edwards could be sentenced to more than 300 years in prison. Mandatory federal
guidelines will determine his sentence.

Edwards has been under investigation on and off for decades. He was tried twice
in the 1980s on federal racketeering charges involving hospital and nursing home
investments. The first trial ended in a hung jury; the second ended in
acquittal.

Edwards and the other defendants almost surely will appeal their convictions,
and observers say they may have a strong case. There were several problems
regarding the jury, which began deliberating April 24.

One juror was dismissed for refusing to follow instructions for deliberation.
The decision to dismiss him took several days.

Earlier, a dictionary in which the word "extortion" was highlighted was
confiscated from the jury room. Extraneous materials are not allowed, and jurors
are supposed to use only the court's definitions to guide them.

On Tuesday, a defense attorney said he would file a motion for a mistrial
because the jury's copy of transcripts of conversations secretly recorded by the
FBI contained underlined passages. The transcripts probably were marked up by
the prosecution or the defense. The jury should have gotten a clean copy, the
defense argued. Jurors told U.S. District Judge Frank Polozola that they had
seen the markings but had not been prejudiced by them.

Polozola has not said whether Edwards will be able to delay any prison term
until after an appeal. A forfeiture hearing to decide whether the government can
seize millions in cash and goods from the defendants could occur as early as
today.

Edwards has been in Louisiana politics for more than 40 years. His four terms as
governor were marked by whiffs of corruption that grew into a stench as time
went on.

In 1991, when he ran against former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, anti- Duke
bumper stickers urged: "Vote for the crook; it's important." Edwards won.

"He's still got my vote," New Orleans resident David Simmons said.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Edwin Edwards talks with reporters outside the federal courthouse in Baton Rouge
as he and his wife, Candy, leave after his conviction Tuesday. He is expected to
appeal./ BILL HABER / Associated Press
Photo
Backed by (from left) his daughter Anna, son David and wife, Candy, former
Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards talks about his trial and his intention to appeal
Tuesday on the steps of the federal courthouse in Baton Rouge./ BILL HABER /
Associated Press (ran in Metro only)
Photo
One of those acquitted, Democratic Sen. Greg Tarver of Shreveport (right) hugs
defense attorney Hillar Moore on the steps of the federal courthouse Tuesday in
Baton Rouge. Tarver had been accused of giving a confidnetial state report to an
applicant for a casino license./ BILL FEIG / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              July 3, 2011 Sunday

Verdicts & Settlements July 3, 2011: AT&T settles suit over Internet taxes

BYLINE: Scott Lauck and Kelly Wiese

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 653  words


It all started when a law firm reviewed its own cellphone bill and saw a charge
that didn't look right.

It ended in June with a federal judge in Illinois signing off on a class action
settlement with AT&T Mobility that could mean customer refunds worth
approximately $1 billion. The multidistrict litigation, led by Kansas City-area
firm Bartimus Frickleton Robertson & Gorny and the Washington, D.C.-based Huge
Law Firm, claimed AT&T charged customers for taxes and fees on Internet access
through their phones. The plaintiffs claimed it was a violation of the federal
Internet Tax Freedom Act.

Bartimus Frickleton said on its website that the settlement "may be the largest
class action case in history in terms of the number of consumers affected. "
According to court documents, it involves approximately 30 million AT&T
customers who were charged Internet taxes on bills issued from Nov. 1, 2005, to
Sept. 7, 2010.

AT&T Mobility denied any wrongdoing or violations of the law. But it agreed to
stop collecting the taxes and to seek refunds from approximately 2,000 taxing
entities across the country. Refunds then will be passed on to the customers.

Jim Frickleton, one of the lead plaintiff lawyers on the case, said AT&T's
agreement not to collect the taxes going forward has a value of another nearly
$2 billion.

He estimated $950 million to $1 billion in tax refunds can be collected, as some
local governments will deem the claims go beyond their statutes of limitations.
He had no timetable for how soon all customers should see their refunds, though
some money already has been recovered.

Frickleton said the firm began pursuing the litigation after reviewing its own
cellphone bills and finding that taxes were being charged for Internet access.

His firm and AT&T worked closely together to resolve the complicated case, he
said.

"You have a business problem here, and we need to figure out a business
solution," he recalls telling company officials early in the case.

Basically, he said, it boiled down to a programming and bill coding error,
through which the company charged taxes for a customer's entire smart phone bill
rather than just the voice portion.

The plaintiffs' lawyers are to receive either 10 percent of the aggregate value
of the settlement or 25 percent of the tax refunds, whichever is less.

Roman Wuller of Thompson Coburn in St. Louis, a lead attorney for AT&T, referred
questions to a company spokesman.

"AT&T Mobility collected only those taxes that we believed we were required to
collect, and passed them along to state and local taxing authorities," spokesman
Marty Richter said in an emailed statement. "While we strongly deny any
wrongdoing, and no court has found that AT&T Mobility committed any wrongdoing,
we agreed to settle these cases to avoid the burden and cost of further
litigation. "

The suit consolidated 54 actions, including two originally filed in Missouri.
U.S. District Judge Amy J. St. Eve, of the Northern District of Illinois, gave
final approval to the deal June 2.

* $1 billion settlement

Federal law violations, breach of contract

* Court: U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois

* Case Number/Date: 1:10-cv-02278/June 2, 2011

* Judge: Amy J. St. Eve

* Plaintiffs' Experts: Elisabeth Landes, Chicago (economics); Thomas Florence,
Washington, D.C. (settlement administration); Robert Klonoff, Portland, Ore.
(settlement fairness, attorneys' fees)

* Special Damages: $2 billion value by not collecting taxes going forward

* Caption: In re: AT&T Mobility Wireless Data Services Sales Tax Litigation

* Plaintiffs' Attorneys: Edward "Chip" Robertson Jr., Mary Winter and Jim
Frickleton, Bartimus, Frickleton, Robertson & Gorny, Jefferson City and Leawood,
Kan.; Harry Huge, Huge Law Firm, Washington D.C.

* Defendant's Attorneys: Roman Wuller, Thompson Coburn, St. Louis; Evan Tager,
Archis Parasharami and Thomas Durkin, Mayer Brown, Washington, D.C., and Chicago

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                            November 20, 2005 Sunday

Client who lied under oath can't sue lawyer, Mass. court says

BYLINE: Ariana L. Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1137  words


This article was originally published in Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly, a sister
publication.

A client whose bankruptcy discharge was denied because he lied under oath could
not sue his lawyer for malpractice, the Massachusetts Appeals Court has ruled.

The plaintiff client argued that his lawyer instructed him to lie and that the
parties were not in pari delicto.

But the Appeals Court disagreed and affirmed the defendant lawyer's motion for
summary judgment.

"The doctrine of in pari delicto bars a plaintiff who has participated in
wrongdoing from recovering damages for loss resulting from the wrongdoing,"
explained Judge Andre A. Gelinas, writing for the court.

He added that "the exceptions to the doctrine are inapplicable in this case."

The decision is Choquette vs. Isacoff.

Unclean hands

Michael K. Callan of Springfield, Mass., attorney for the defendant, said that
the case changes the law for clients who try to blame the commission of perjury
or other illegal acts on their attorneys' advice.

"The court has said that if you knowingly committed an illegal act, you can't
say, 'My lawyer told me to do it,'" Callan explained.

He recognized that there is an exception to the application of the in pari
delicto doctrine, where the area of law is so complex that a client literally
relies on his lawyer to navigate the law - an argument raised by the plaintiff.

However, Callan observed that "telling the truth under oath is not an area of
law [where] you need a lawyer to tell you what is right or wrong."

Callan also noted that the plaintiff was criminally prosecuted by the U.S.
Attorney's Office for committing perjury.

Terry M. Ford of Springfield, Mass., the plaintiff's attorney, said that his
main argument was that his client and his lawyer were not in pari delicto for a
number of reasons.

"Any alleged wrongdoing on [my client's] part occurred after [his bankruptcy
attorney] was retained and filed the bankruptcy," said Ford. "The alleged
malpractice was in filing the bankruptcy."

Secondly, the plaintiff's attorney argued that it was inappropriate to apply the
in pari delicto doctrine to this case given the complexity of bankruptcy
proceedings.

The defendant's argument was also based on case law from other states, which was
not applicable to this case, Ford added.

Ford - who did not represent his client during the criminal proceedings -
acknowledged that the effect of the case is that it "makes it a little more
difficult to bring claims against an attorney when the [plaintiff] has unclean
hands."

Perjury

The plaintiff, John H. Choquette Jr., retained Pittsfield, Mass., attorney
Richard I. Isacoff to assist him in dealing with a pending judicial sale of his
assets to satisfy a civil judgment.

Isacoff prepared, and Choquette signed under the pains and penalties of perjury,
a skeleton bankruptcy petition. The petition did not contain schedules of assets
and liabilities pursuant to Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

Filing the petition with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court halted the judicial sale of
some of Choquette's properties.

Choquette later signed schedules purporting to list all of his assets and
liabilities. These schedules were also signed under the pains and penalties of
perjury.

Choquette was advised by Isacoff's secretary that the schedules could be amended
if they were not true and accurate.

A decision was made to go forward with the Chapter 7 proceedings, and a hearing
was scheduled before the Bankruptcy Court.

Prior to the hearing, Choquette became aware of certain omissions in the
schedules and alerted Isacoff to the discrepancies.

Among other things, the schedules listed Choquette's current income at "0,"
although he received a substantial amount of monthly income from a variety of
personal real estate trusts. The schedules were not corrected.

At the bankruptcy hearing, Choquette - testifying under oath - gave false
answers to questions concerning his income. Once aware of the false information,
the Chapter 7 trustee filed an adversary proceeding against Choquette.

Choquette subsequently entered into an agreement for judgment in favor of the
trustee. Choquette agreed to a judgment against him under 11 U.S.C. Section
727(a)(3), a provision that denies discharge where the debtor "concealed,
destroyed, mutilated, falsified, or failed to keep or preserve any recorded
information."

Choquette additionally agreed to the entry of a judgment against him on the
counts of fraudulent conveyance of real estate and fraudulent conveyance of
stock if he failed to comply with the terms of the agreement based on the
trustee filing an affidavit of noncompliance.

With new counsel, Choquette brought an action in Superior Court against Isacoff,
asserting breach of contract; misrepresentation, fraud and deceit; breach of
implied warranty of workmanlike performance; negligence; and violations of
G.L.c. 93A.

Isacoff moved for summary judgment, claiming that Choquette's claims were barred
by the doctrines of in pari delicto and res judicata.

The Superior Court judge allowed the motion, and Choquette appealed.

Exceptions inapplicable

"The doctrine [of in pari delicto] rests on the theory that courts will not lend
aid to parties who base their cause of action on their own immoral or illegal
acts," wrote Gelinas.

He stated that, in Massachusetts, the rule is usually applied to the attempted
enforcement of illegal contracts and in equitable proceedings where both parties
have unclean hands.

Gelinas explained that there are two "well established" exceptions: where the
parties are not in equal fault as to the illegal element or are not in pari
delicto or where the public interest requires that the courts should interpose
for the promotion of public policy.

In essence, he noted, "relief in equity may be obtained where there is an
inequality of position between the wrongdoers, or where public policy dictates."

Gelinas observed that several other states - namely Michigan, Wisconsin and
Illinois - have applied the in pari delicto doctrine in malpractice cases where
the client engaged in dishonest or immoral practices.

Concerning the case in point, the judge said: "The undisputed facts here
indicate that Choquette committed perjury in testifying at his bankruptcy
hearing."

He added that "perjury is not the type of action contemplated by the
exceptions."

The judge also wrote that Isacoff's actions - an alleged kick under the table -
did not rise to the level of "oppression, imposition, hardship, undue influence,
great inequality of condition or the like."

Gelinas concluded that "in this case no overriding public policy interest
exists. An 'attorney's misconduct of advising clients to perform illegal acts
should be discouraged by the threat of attorney disciplinary action,' as opposed
to clients filing suit against the attorney to recover damages incurred due to
being caught."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 26, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Behavior Detectors Working Game

BYLINE: VALERIE KALFRIN, vkalfrin@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 381 words


Officers will look for "telltale signs of people about to engage in wrongdoing."

By VALERIE KALFRIN

vkalfrin@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - If an officer asks if you need help on Super Bowl Sunday, he might be
doing more than simply being gracious.

For the first time, the Transportation Security Administration's "behavior
detection officers" are enhancing security at the championship event by watching
people for suspicious behavior.

"They're trained to do exactly that - pick people out of a crowd," said Gary
Milano, federal security director for the TSA's Tampa office.

These officers don't have the power to make arrests but are uniformed behavioral
experts, Milano said.

The TSA and the Secret Service trained about 70 Tampa police officers and
Hillsborough County sheriff's deputies who will be working the event. Officers
are trained to look for "telltale signs of people about to engage in wrongdoing
," based on techniques developed by Israeli security forces, Milano said.

Each of the behaviors, such as profuse sweating, could be innocent on its own
but raises eyebrows when coupled with other behaviors, Milano said. He declined
to elaborate.

The officers evaluate behaviors on a point system and approach a person for a
chat to determine whether there's a need for concern, said Tampa police Maj.
John Bennett, who was familiar with the TSA program and invited the agency to
participate.

"Legally, you can walk up and just have a conversation," Bennett said, noting
that the officers aim to keep the contact friendly.

Bennett asked for the TSA's help about a month ago, after he realized the
"secure footprint" around Raymond James Stadium was similar to the security at a
port or airport.

"If you're inside the secure footprint, you either have a credential or a
ticket," he said.

Bennett visited past Super Bowls looking for ways to mirror or improve on
security. After a man was found with a rifle last year near the stadium in
Glendale, Ariz., Bennett decided an extra layer of security would be valuable
here.

"Our mission is to make a safe event," Bennett said. "If we can ask a few more
questions ? that's reasonable."

Reporter Valerie Kalfrin can be reached at (813) 259-7800.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 12, 2003 Saturday Home Edition

Feds launch criminal probe of Coca-Cola

BYLINE: SCOTT LEITH

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 701 words


The federal government has launched a criminal investigation of Coca-Cola based
on allegations raised in a lawsuit filed by a former employee.

Coke said Friday it is cooperating with the inquiry, but provided no details. A
spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta would neither confirm nor
deny that an inquiry is under way.

Coke has been the target of claims of wrongdoing since former employee Matthew
Whitley filed a civil lawsuit against the company on May 19. Whitley's claims
already have prompted an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and
an internal investigation by Coke.

Whitley alleges Coke was involved in a spate of improprieties, some of which
have been proved true by the company's internal probe.

Based on Whitley's allegations, federal investigators could examine:

* Fraud against Burger King. The incident involves former Coke executive John
Fisher, who in 2000 signed off on a fraudulent marketing test at the fast-food
chain.

Fisher kept his job after the fraud was uncovered. Court documents show that the
matter was reviewed by top-level leaders, including four members of Coca-Cola's
board of directors. Burger King was not told about the incident at the time.

* Accounting improprieties related to a Coke program called iFountain. Whitley's
lawsuit claims Coke developed a "slush fund" to lower the cost of expensive
iFountain machines by overcharging for older, better-selling "legacy" machines.

The alleged scheme involved Coke suppliers IMI Cornelius and Lancer, according
to the lawsuit. Lancer, a publicly traded company based in San Antonio, has said
it is the subject of an informal investigation by theSecurities and Exchange
Commission.

* Alleged "channel stuffing" to boost financial results. Whitley claims in a
lawsuit Coke inflated its performance at the end of fiscal quarters by having
distributors take shipments early. Whitley claims this happened in the United
States and Japan.

* Several other issues, including Coke's alleged failure to disclose the
potential for metal residue in some frozen drinks and its refusal to write off
the value of some assets as required under accounting rules.

Whitley claims he was fired for complaining about these issues to upper
management. On Thursday, Coke filed motions to dismiss Whitley's lawsuits in
state and federal court.

Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, said he was pleased that the government is
investigating the allegations.

"We're gratified to see that the information presented in Matt Whitley's lawsuit
is being investigated by a federal grand jury and the U.S. attorney's office,"
said Garber, who was a federal prosecutor for nine years in New Jersey, South
Florida and Nevada.

Before filing suit, Whitley asked Coke to settle for $44.4 million.

Whitley's claims already have received a notable amount of scrutiny, including
the SEC's informal investigation, an internal probe by Coke's audit committee
that included the hiring of two outside firms, and an investigation by Burger
King.

The criminal inquiry Coke acknowledged Friday is fairly rare, given that such
investigations don't often arise out of civil matters like Whitley's lawsuit.

"In my experience, it is very unusual," said Craig Gillen, who was a federal
prosecutor in Atlanta for 11 years before serving as deputy independent counsel
in the Iran-Contra investigation. Gillen has been in private practice for the
last decade.

He cautioned: "Simply because an investigation has apparently been initiated in
the United States attorney's office does not mean that any of the allegations
are accurate."

Coca-Cola has long prided itself on a squeaky-clean, all-American image.

"The problem, if there is one, is extremely limited, as proper business
practices and honesty are deeply rooted in Coke's corporate culture," said
veteran industry observer John Sicher, editor and publisher of Beverage Digest.

Wall Street had a muted reaction Friday to Coke's announcement. The company's
shares closed at $43.91, down 10 cents on an otherwise up day for the stock
market.

On ajc.com

* Visit our Coke Insider page on our business site for updates.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: INVESTIGATION TIMELINE

* March 26: Matthew Whitley loses his job at Coca-Cola after 11 years of
service. He had been director of finance for supply management in Coke's
fountain division.

* May 19: Whitley sues Coke in state court, claiming he was fired for
complaining about a variety of alleged problems.

* May 27: Whitley files another suit in federal court in Atlanta.

* June 17: Coke releases details of an internal investigation that supports some
of Whitley's claims, while disputing others.

* June 25: Whitley files amended lawsuits in state and federal courts.

* July 10: Coke files motions to dismiss Whitley's lawsuits. On the same day,
Burger King announces internally that it will stop selling Frozen Cokes, a
program that plays a prominent role in Whitley's complaints.

* July 11: Coke says the U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta is conducting a
criminal investigation into issues raised by Whitley.
Source: Staff research
/ TROY OXFORD / Staff

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

GBI determines no wrong doing by court clerk Jones

BYLINE: Larry Hobbs, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Sept. 12--Glynn County Clerk of Superior Court Darren Jones has been cleared of
any criminal wrong-doing by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, which
determined that threat allegations against him are unfounded, said Stacy Carson,
special agent in charge of the GBI's Kingsland office.

"Our findings resulted in no criminal acts on Mr. Jones' part, so we are closing
our investigation," Carson said Monday.

The GBI's investigation began Aug. 24, when Glynn County Sheriff Neal Jump asked
the agency to look into allegations that Jones had made threatening texts while
serving in his capacity as clerk of court. Jump first learned of the allegations
on Aug. 19. After his office determined that the allegations warranted further
investigation, Jump asked the GBI to take over the case to ensure impartiality.

In the meantime, the sheriff instructed Jones to enter the Glynn County
Courthouse at 701 H St. through the main entrance, and its metal detector,
rather than the employee entrance on the courthouse's north side.

Jones could not be reached Monday.

Jones has served as Clerk of Courts since last September, appointed to the
position by former clerk Lola Jamsky, his mother. Jones had served as Jamsky's
deputy clerk prior to that. The salary for the elected office is $104,709
annually.

Ron Adams won the July 23 Republican runoff election for the clerk's position
and will assume the office in January. Jones finished last among five candidates
in the May primary election. There is no Democratic opposition to face Adams in
the Nov. 8 election.

Jump had asked the GBI to investigate because, he said, "the internal
investigation showed these texts could be a matter of safety."

Said Carson: "At this point and time we cannot identify anything criminal that
Mr. Jones has done."

___ (c)2016 The Brunswick News (Brunswick, Ga.) Visit The Brunswick News
(Brunswick, Ga.) at www.thebrunswicknews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160912-GE-GBI-determines-no-wrong-doing
-by-court-clerk-Jones-0912-20160912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2016 The Brunswick News


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 23, 2012 Sunday

DA: No wrongdoing found at GNA

BYLINE: Bill Wellock, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


Dec. 23--Cameras placed in the wrestling room of the Greater Nanticoke Area High
School did not constitute criminal wrongdoing, Nanticoke police and the Luzerne
County District Attorney's Office said Friday.

The cameras in the room were not in a part of the school where students are
allowed to change clothes and were placed there to monitor reported bullying,
according to a press release from Luzerne County District Attorney Stefanie
Salavantis.

After school officials learned that students sometimes change clothes in the
area monitored by cameras, the school removed the cameras, according to the
release. The cameras were highly visible and no footage from them now exists,
the release said.

Police started investigating Dec. 4, the day after a school board meeting when
the entire board, superintendent and solicitor learned about the cameras, which
by then had already been taken down.

The situation began when the school received an unspecified complaint about the
wrestling program. Superintendent Anthony Perrone shared the complaint with the
school board, as is customary. One board member, who school officials previously
refused to name, asked the school's staff to install cameras in plain view in
the wrestling room. Two days later, an administrator ordered the cameras removed
because students might change clothes in the room.

bwellock@citizensvoice.com 570-821-2051, @CVBillW

___ (c)2012 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121223-YC-DA-No-wrongdoing-found-at-GNA-1223-20121223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2012 The Citizens' Voice


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 29, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NCAA probe clouds Memphis' 2008 team

BYLINE: Marlen Garcia

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 560 words


Officially, John Calipari, named men's basketball coach at Kentucky two months
ago, could end up with no Final Fours to his credit.

And Memphis, where Calipari coached the last nine seasons, could have to take
down banners honoring the school's runner-up finish in the NCAA tournament last
year.

Their fates rest largely on findings the school and NCAA will make on whether a
former player cheated on a standardized test to gain admission to Memphis. The
player's name is blacked out in a notice of allegations the school got from the
NCAA in January, but one-time star Derrick Rose is the only one who fits the
description in the NCAA report, a copy of which was obtained by The (Memphis)
Commercial Appeal through a Freedom of Information request.

Rose played for Memphis in 2007-08 before leaving for the NBA. He was the No. 1
overall pick in the 2008 draft, taken by the Chicago Bulls, and last month was
named NBA Rookie of the Year.

Rose, reached at his suburban Chicago home, declined to comment.  A Rose
attorney, Daniel Reidy, said in a statement that Rose cooperated in Memphis'
investigation when he was a student "and that investigation uncovered no
wrongdoing on his part."

In response to a question and without naming Rose, Memphis athletics director
R.C. Johnson said the accused player has "absolutely" denied allegations that he
cheated. He declined to confirm that the player was Rose.

Current Memphis coach Josh Pastner said he has talked with the school's legal
counsel, and with regard to sanctions, "nothing will be affected with the
program now or in the future."

Calipari did not respond to a message seeking comment. A statement released
Wednesday night by Kentucky said Calipari will participate in Memphis' hearing
before the NCAA infractions committee June 6 in Indianapolis.

Calipari's first Final Four appearance, with Massachusetts in 1996, was vacated
when it was found that star Marcus Camby took money from an agent. By the time
the NCAA ruled in that case, Calipari was coaching in the NBA.

The NCAA cleared Calipari of wrongdoing in the Camby case, and it appears he
isn't in trouble for the problems at Memphis. Kentucky's statement said the
coach received a letter from the NCAA telling him he is not at risk of being
charged with rules violations.

The NCAA alleges the Memphis player who cheated used a stand-in to take the SAT.
The NCAA wants the school to submit a September 2008 report of an SAT
handwriting analysis of the test in question by a forensic specialist.

If the NCAA finds the player cheated and thus was ineligible, Memphis would have
to vacate its 2007-08 NCAA tournament runner-up finish and 38-2 record,
according to NCAA rules. Rules violations forced Memphis to vacate its 1985
Final Four appearance.

In its notice to Memphis, the NCAA alleges the school also provided improper
benefits to a player's associate.

The school is expected to respond to all charges in the June 6 hearing. Memphis
still is preparing its formal response, Johnson said.

Although Calipari is in the clear, the allegations put a damper on the
celebratory mood in Lexington since his hiring March 31.

In a statement released Thursday, Kentucky President Lee Todd said the
university knew of the NCAA inquiry at Memphis during Calipari's interview
process.

"He was very open with us about what he was aware of at that particular time,"
Todd said.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jack Gruber, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: F.T. Norton; Fran.Norton@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 736 words


When the N.C. State Bureau of Investigation is called on to review a case for
local law enforcement agencies, the results of those probes are exempt from
public examination, according to state law.

Even if an investigation is completed and no charges will come from it, case law
has shown the public is unsuccessful in getting access to SBI records deemed
"criminal investigation and criminal intelligence information."

"They are within their rights to do that. They do not have to explain
themselves," said Amanda Martin, general counsel to the N.C. Press Association.
"But I certainly think it would give the public some greater understanding if
they were willing to explain themselves."

Since Jan. 1, the SBI has reviewed six cases for the Wilmington Police
Department involving 13 employees, and three cases for the New Hanover County
Sheriff's Office involving seven employees, according to SBI spokeswoman Noelle
Talley. The cases ranged from internal investigations into officer misconduct to
officer-involved shootings.

She said the SBI doesn't determine an outcome, but merely conducts interviews
and gathers evidence.

Talley said whether to press charges relies solely on the prosecutor who reviews
the file.

In the bulk of the New Hanover County and WPD cases completed this year, no
wrongdoing was found on behalf of law enforcement.

On Thursday, District Attorney Ben David said he reviewed the findings of the
SBI investigation into a fatal police shooting of two men by police outside a
Pizza Hut, and found officers were justified.

Earlier this month David also found officers justified based on an SBI report
into the Oct. 13 police-shooting death of Brandon Smith in New Hanover County.
The two deputies and a federal agent were cleared of any wrongdoing for firing
24 rounds at Smith who was reaching into his waistband after a car chase. It was
later determined that Smith had no gun and was reaching for a cell phone before
he was shot and killed.

Smith's family has requested access to the SBI report that cleared the officers
of any wrongdoing. David has said he will answer any questions the Smith family
attorney has.

"Members of Mr. Smith's family, and other members of the community, are
interested in obtaining as much information as possible about the circumstances
surrounding Mr. Smith's death," wrote Smith family attorney Katherine Lewis
Parker in a request to David for access to the report "... the release of this
information is essential to maintaining public confidence in the administration
of public services."

The NAACP also called for access to the report, and for a civilian review board
to examine cases such as these.

"If the government officials are serious about transparency and building and
improving a relationship with the community, they should release as much of the
SBI report and other hard evidence as possible," Parker said Friday.

Martin said it's not unheard of for district attorneys to grant access to SBI
reports.

"Nothing prevents them from releasing the information," she said.

In 2002 the Asheville Citizen Times unsuccessfully argued for access to SBI
records pertaining to the investigation of a jail fire in Mitchell County in
which eight inmates died. In its 2004 ruling, the N.C. Court of Appeals upheld a
lower court's dismissal of the case, but it offered the following: "As currently
enacted, the Public Records Act contains no exception for disclosure of records
where an investigation is complete...," the ruling states. "Plaintiffs must seek
relief from the General Assembly and not the judiciary."

David said the reasoning is sound behind keeping SBI reports from public
examination. In some cases, withheld information can be used to crack a cold
case, and in others, anonymity ensures cooperation, he said.

"Many witnesses who don't want to talk to police will talk if they know they say
won't end up on the front page of the newspaper," he said.

But for John Bussian, a media rights attorney and press association lobbyist,
keeping records of closed cases from public inspection fosters distrust in
government.

"When you don't show the public what happened after there's no plan to arrest
anybody or prosecute anybody, it gives rise to the possibility that somebody has
whitewashed something," he said. "The law should be better. In other states it's
way better. In this state we're in the dark ages."

F.T. Norton: 343-2070

On Twitter: @FTNorton

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Hynes says Quinn should expand whistleblower job

BYLINE: By Kurt Erickson;kurt.erickson@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 420 words


SPRINGFIELD - State workers who know of problems in state government should feel
free to speak to the media about them without fear of retaliation, Comptroller
Dan Hynes said Tuesday.

A day after the Lee News Springfield Bureau revealed the existence of a memo
threatening Illinois Department of Corrections workers with termination if they
talk with news reporters, Hynes said Gov. Pat Quinn should move quickly to
extend whistleblower protections.

Hynes' proposal is his latest shot at Quinn's handling of a secret Illinois
Department of Corrections policy change that freed hundreds of inmates from
prison weeks ahead of schedule. The two are battling for the Democratic
nomination for governor.

The memo, issued Jan. 13 by Quinn's controversial Illinois Department of
Corrections Director Michael Randle, says all requests for information should be
routed to a designated department spokesperson in order to best coordinate the
prison system's message.

Illinois' Whistleblower Act is designed to protect public employees who reveal
wrongdoing to law enforcement. However, protections do not extend to anyone who
chooses to communicate to the press as the initial outlet.

"There are times when the best and most appropriate outlet to expose wrongdoing
is through the news media, and Illinois law ought to take that into account,"
Hynes during an event in Chicago on Tuesday.

In response, Quinn spokesman Bob Reed said in an e-mail, "Governor Quinn is a
strong and aggressive supporter of the Whistleblower Act. He was instrumental in
its passage and has always believed that state employees must report wrongdoing
or illegality when they learn of it."

Reed did not elaborate on Hynes' proposal.

State Sen. Bill Brady of Bloomington, who is seeking the Republican nomination
for governor, said Randle's memo was troubling because Quinn once complained
about a similar order that was sent out regarding Illinois State Police
employees.

"If the governor is going to put a gag order on our concerned correctional
workers, then he needs to be the one to come forward and tell us the truth about
these dangerous practices in our prison system."

The bottom line is, the public deserves to know," Brady said.

Corrections spokeswoman Januari Smith earlier said the memo is not a gag order
on employees, but was intended to be a reminder of department policy.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Pantagraph


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

Harbours Condominium lawsuit finds no wrongdoing

BYLINE: Elizabeth Beilman, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville,
Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


Dec. 31--JEFFERSONVILLE -- The Indiana Attorney General's Office has finally
settled a lawsuit against members of The Harbours Condominiums Association board
that alleged fraud and financial mismanagement.

Although the state office wasn't able to find fraud or serious wrongdoing,
Attorney General Greg Zoeller said changes to Indiana law that the case inspired
were the most important result.

"When we first started, we didn't have the authority to review the finances of
the homeowners association," Zoeller said.

The statute that gave the attorney general the authority to investigate and take
action on nonprofit organizations excluded homeowners associations. In 2011, the
Indiana Legislature granted Zoeller that authority, largely because of the
Harbours case, a news release states.

That law was expanded in 2015 to give members of homeowners associations better
access to financial information.

"First of all, it keeps [homeowners associations] honest," Zoeller said.

If an association denies a request by an owner to review financial information,
he or she can ask the attorney general's office to pursue the case.

"It's your money. You're a member," Zoeller said. "You get access to the
financials."

Homeowners filed a lawsuit in 2011, alleging more than 20 offenses against board
members Kevin Zipperle, Mary Lou Trautwein-Lamkin and Sharon Chandler for
breaching fiduciary duties and committing fraud.

The settlement agreement bars Zipperle, Trautwein-Lamkin and Chandler from
serving as board members for two years, requires Zipperle and Trautwein-Lamkin
to pay the Harbours association $2,000 in restitution and requires Zipperle to
transfer two parking spots back to the homeowners association.

However, Zipperle believes the attorney general's office is trying to "save
face" by issuing a press release.

"They spent five years investigating and litigating [the case], and to come up
with that resolution is pretty insufficient if you're looking at it from a
taxpayers' standpoint," he said.

Zipperle created a website called harbourslawsuit.wordpress.com, containing
documents from the case. His hope is to expose what he believes was a wasteful
lawsuit.

"They know we're not going to let sleeping dogs lie on this thing, and in my
opinion, I think they're doing damage control," he said.

The law giving the attorney general's office authority to litigate cases against
homeowners associations allows "arbitrary" action, Zipperle said.

Zoeller could sue certain members of boards at his discretion even if actions
were board decisions, according to Zipperle.

"In that regard, I think it's dangerous," he said. " ... It's bad legislation if
they want to choose to do it that way."

Zoeller argues the legislation protects transparency of homeowners associations
and gives members more assistance when they believe trust is being abused.

He said he wanted to thank homeowners who brought the case to his attention and
who testified at the statehouse.

"I think they benefit the whole state," he said.

Homeowner association members who suspect fraud can contact Zoeller's office by
filing a complaint online at Indianaconsumer.com or calling 800-382-5516.

___ (c)2015 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151231-JB-Harbours-Condominium-lawsuit-finds-no-wrongdoing
-1231-20151231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2015 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Commissioner cleared of any wrongdoing

BYLINE: Justin Strawser, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


April 03--SUNBURY -- The state attorney general's office has cleared
Northumberland County Commissioner Vinny Clausi of any wrongdoing stemming from
accusations that he was involved in a misuse of county weatherization department
funds to purchase a furnace for his in-laws.

In a letter to Northumberland County District Attorney Ann Targonski, Chief
Deputy Attorney General Erik L. Olsen and Senior Deputy Attorney General George
R. Zaiser said a "complete investigation" and interviews with individuals
involved in the case were conducted since September.

"As a result of our investigation, it appears that no criminal activity could be
proven against Mr. Clausi or any other person as a result of this incident,"
they wrote. "Therefore, we are closing our file in this matter."

Weatherization department coordinator Dwayne Scicchitano, who brought the
original issue up, declined comment about the investigation when contacted
Thursday.

In September, Clausi asked for an outside investigation into Scicchitano's
claims that Clausi was involved in a misuse of state Department of Community and
Economic Development funds in the weatherization department. He wanted to "clear
his name." Targonski referred the case to the state.

On Thursday, Heidi Havens, DCED spokeswoman, retired a statement made in
February about the weatherization department.

"A review of the financial information along with the substantiating paperwork
was received and did not result in any significant findings," Havens said.

In a prepared statement to media on Thursday, Clausi said he is "sick and tired
of disgruntled and unhappy employees making up claims" against him.

"If these employees spent as much time doing their jobs as they do manufacturing
claims against me, a lot more county work would get done," he said.

Clausi said this is the third time "false accusations" have been made against
him by employees or former employees.

In February, Scicchitano and five weatherization department employees accused
Clausi of creating a "hostile and uncomfortable" working environment by
threatening to embarrass and shut down the department if they didn't provide
Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program help to an elderly woman who didn't
qualify.

Clausi denied those allegations, but agreed that any communication between him
and the weatherization department employees would be through the chief clerk.

At a Sept. 16 public meeting, Clausi and Commissioner Stephen Bridy voted to
place the weatherization department under the control of the planning
department. They said the two departments have similar grants.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150403-DN-Commissioner-cleared-of-any-wrongdoing-0403-20150403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Item


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                              May 29, 2012 Tuesday

Questioning the deepening insolvency theory

BYLINE: by Ken Herzinger And Alexander Aganin

LENGTH: 1375 words


A recent decision from the 3rd Circuit entitled Official Committee of Unsecured
Creditors v. Baldwin (In re Lemington Home for the Aged) states that "deepening
insolvency" is a cause of action under Pennsylvania law. The decision was
followed by a flurry of legal commentary, including more than 20 articles by law
firms. Though it is certainly not the first court to accept deepening insolvency
as cause of action or a theory of damages, the 3rd Circuit's recent decision has
renewed the debate over whether an insolvent corporation can be harmed by
prolonging its life, often referred to as deepening insolvency by courts and
academics alike.   Generally, there is an onslaught of litigation that follows
the bankruptcy of any company. In addition to investor suits of various kinds,
creditors often pursue claims in name of the corporation.

In addition to transfer avoidance claims against various parties, the bankrupt
entity can pursue claims against its former directors and officers, auditors or
other "deep pocket" defendants alleging fraud, breach of fiduciary duty or some
other type of wrongdoing. Interestingly, even though creditors typically stand
to gain from any damages awards in resulting litigation, they can also pursue
separate claims to recover their losses. This opens the possibility of
"double-dipping" by plaintiffs, who can try to recover overlapping damages under
both types of claims.  Based on the application of agency law principles,
numerous courts have barred such claims based on a defense known as the in pari
delicto defense. The reasoning is that if the entity participated in and
benefited from the alleged wrongdoing, it should not be permitted to recover
damages against its directors and officers or professionals that advised the
company in connection with its own wrongdoing because that would be unjust.   In
order to avoid this result, some courts have adopted the deepening insolvency
theory to allow claims in the name of a bankrupt entity by its creditors.
Generally, the theory is that the corporation was insolvent or in the "zone of
insolvency" when the purported fraud, breaches or wrongdoing occurred, and but
for the actions of the defendants, the corporation would not have continued to
raise unserviceable debt and would have filed for bankruptcy more promptly,
which would have avoided the unserviceable debt. In addition, California and
Delaware both have laws that impose a duty on directors to refrain from making
distributions to shareholders, and expand the directors' fiduciary duties to
include a company's creditors, when the company is insolvent or on the verge of
insolvency. Typically, the lawyers that file such cases retain damages experts,
usually economists, who opine that the corporation was damaged because it lost
opportunities to make optimal use of its assets under bankruptcy protection, to
avoid further losses, to restructure debt or to liquidate the business. Over the
years, the deepening insolvency theory has morphed from a theory of standing to
a measurement of damages to an independent cause of action.   According to the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Â§ 101(32), a company is insolvent when fair
market value of its assets is less than the sum of its debts. Internal Revenue
Service regulations define "fair market value" as the price at which the assets
would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, neither being
under any compulsion to buy or to sell and both having reasonable knowledge of
relevant facts.   Some courts have held that an insolvent company cannot be
harmed by prolonging its life and have rejected deepening insolvency as a
damages theory, noting that the company has already lost all the equity value
that it had prior to the start of the damages period. Therefore, any alleged
harm has been borne by creditors and may not be recoverable by the company
itself. However, other courts disagree.   There are numerous flaws with the
deepening insolvency theory, but the primary one is that it is not grounded in
sound economic theory. Economists generally agree that the issuance of debt as
such does not do damage to the company because when a company raises new debt,
it generally acquires a new asset in the form of debt proceeds with fair market
value equal to the new debt. This is true regardless of whether the entity is
insolvent or in the zone of insolvency. Additional debt can increase the
possible costs of financial distress, such as the direct legal and
administrative expenses of preparing for or avoiding bankruptcy, but these are
often de minimis in comparison to damages claimed in the deepening insolvency
suits.   Some economists measure deepening insolvency damages as the widening of
the gap between the fair market value of a company's assets and the sum of its
debts from the time a hypothetical earlier bankruptcy filing to the time of the
actual bankruptcy filing. However, this calculation, unless supplemented by
further analysis, does not provide an intellectually sound answer. Fair market
values of assets may decline for benign reasons due to industry developments,
losses resulting from good-faith efforts by managers or asset sales at fair
market value. Similarly, debts may increase because the company raises new debt
to finance good investment opportunities.   As with any other damages theory,
the deepening insolvency damages theory, to be legitimate, should isolate the
effects of the alleged misconduct by comparing the value the bankrupt company
would have received without the wrongdoing with the value it actually received.
This comparison limits damages to those caused by the alleged wrongdoing and
avoids charging the alleged wrongdoer with other losses. Such analysis requires
an expert to create a model that depicts the path of corporate assets and debts
in an alternative world. The model is different from the actual world in only
one respect - the alleged wrongdoing is replaced by alternative actions.  For
example, an expert for an estate of a bankrupt company may claim that an auditor
would have changed the course of the company's history had it alerted an audit
committee of the board of directors about questionable financial reporting. Not
surprisingly, courts often find that the assertion regarding the alternative
path of corporate history is too speculative or that the auditor does not need
to compensate a bankrupt estate for a portion of losses caused by the actions of
a client company's management unrelated to financial reporting.  Assuming that
the court permits the testimony and the damages expert can demonstrate that the
course of corporate history would have been different, the expert can then
compare the expected or realized paths of assets and debts in the actual and
alternative worlds. Because the fair market value of assets equals the present
value of their expected future cash flows, such a comparison, if done carefully,
is equivalent to a lost profits analysis used to measure damages in many other
contexts. Simplistic damages calculations based on the deepening insolvency
comparisons often obfuscate important assumptions that become readily apparent
in the lost profits framework. Therefore, deepening insolvency has questionable
value as a separate theory of damages at best and can lead to large errors at
worst.  The lesson to be learned from all of this is while the economic
reasoning underlying the deepening insolvency theory is seriously flawed, some
courts have still been willing to adopt it as a damages theory and even an
independent cause of action, and the ensuing litigation can be lengthy and
involve significant damages claims. Accordingly, a board of directors of a
company that is insolvent or in the zone of insolvency should be mindful of the
issues raised above when the company incurs additional debt or approves
distributions to shareholders, and should consult its legal counsel and
financial professionals to be fully informed when making such decisions.     Ken
Herzinger, a partner in Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP's San Francisco
office, is a member of the securities litigation and regulatory enforcement
group. Alexander Aganin is vice president of Cornerstone Research in Menlo Park,
Calif.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Instant Tax Service cleared of wrongdoing after complaint

BYLINE: Greg Sowinski, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Jan. 07--LIMA -- A local tax preparation service has been cleared of wrongdoing.

In May, a woman filed a complaint with the Lima Police Department, saying she
never received her refund of $6,213. Attempts to contact someone at the office
of Instant Tax Service, where it operated at 1924 Allentown Road in the spring,
were unsuccessful.

In the weeks after the woman filed the complaint, police were unsure whether the
business had closed for the season or would ever return. Eventually, a
representative of the company became aware of the issue and contacted police.

The woman who complained did receive her refund and cashed the check. The
company provided a copy of the cashed check to police. There apparently was a
delay with the IRS in the time it took to send refunds, said Maj. Chip Protsman,
of the Lima Police Department.

The investigation was closed, Protsman said.

Complaints about tax services remain a common complaint, sometimes with fraud
involved, in Ohio, especially because many operate on a seasonal level. Protsman
said Instant Tax Service has no other complaints locally.

Reporter Greg Sowinski can be reached at 567-242-0464 or on Twitter
@Lima_Sowinski.

___ (c)2015 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150107-LM-BRF-Instant-Tax-Service-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-after-complaint-0107-20150107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2015 The Lima News


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              July 22, 2002 Monday

LET'S GET 'EM No new laws needed to prosecute most corporate misdeeds Framework
already exists to go after companies that willfully have cheated the public.
There ought to be a law.

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 774 words


It's a time-honored tradition, after all, to try to fix wrongdoing by
legislating against it. Americans watching their hard-earned retirement accounts
head south are calling on lawmakers to do something.

The something that investors are seeking is ill-defined. The market is down
generally in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and last year's
economic slowdown.

But much of the dramatic recent drop in stock prices has more to do with the
accounting scandals in companies like Enron. Publicly, the wrongdoing has been
distilled into one word: greed. Now, some investors and lawmakers are looking
for a way to make greed illegal.

Even Congress is not powerful enough to outlaw the baser instincts of corporate
leaders and others. Yet fraud, in almost all forms, is already against the law.

The fast pace of technology has created some new ways to cheat that are
apparently outside the reach of the law today. The Senate and House last week
worked quickly to plug any enforcement holes that might exist.

To the extent that new laws are necessary, the action is welcome. The Senate,
for example, unanimously passed a provision making it illegal for corporations
to shred documents in an attempt to cover up wrongdoing. But destroying evidence
and obstruction of justice are already against the law.

The best way to stop the wrongdoing is to enforce the laws we already have. Some
corporate officials have acted as if publicly held companies and their assets
are nothing more than private piggy banks. But once the companies have asked
others to invest in them through the stock or bond markets, they stop being
private entities.

If investigations and trials prove what many believe, the accounting
irregularities and other creative management techniques have been nothing more
than old- fashioned theft. In those cases, old-fashioned penalties should be
imposed severe financial consequences and prison terms for those making the
decisions to steal from others.

President Bush passionately has called on big business to quit committing fraud.
He should direct his eloquence toward his law enforcement team. Corporations
that have stolen the retirement security of ordinary working Americans should be
vigorously investigated. Where criminal mischief is indicated, the culprits
should be aggressively prosecuted. For this, we need no new laws. 1 BERMUDA
ANGLE Offshore shenanigans cost the rest of us Congress should close loophole
that allows companies to profit from overseas shell game. Of course, there's
some room for Congress to lay down the law where companies have moved off shore
to work their skulduggery.

For some, it's been too much temptation to move their corporate headquarters off
shore to Bermuda, say and cut their U.S. tax burden, even though their factories
remain in the United States. Not only that, they can loan money from their
parent company in Bermuda to subsidiaries in the United States, and convert that
into a tax deduction.

No wonder Congress wants to close this loophole. It penalizes American companies
that play by the rules, to say nothing of the rest of America that pays its
taxes. And it offers a lucrative reward for what is little more than a change in
the corporate letterhead.

Add to that the shaken confidence in the ethics of American corporations, and
there's even more reason to act. Companies that benefit from the hard work and
knowhow of the United States should pay their fair share of taxes, instead of
fleeing offshore to a friendly tax dodge.

Two competing bills aim to stop this abuse. The House bill would put a
three-year moratorium on companies moving their headquarters offshore. It also
would limit the ability of corporations to use loans from their offshore shell
headquarters to lower their taxes.

But the problem with this approach should be obvious: A three-year moratorium
does nothing to stop corporations already using this tax dodge from continuing
to use it.

The Senate version fares better on that score, by treating U.S. companies that
have set up shell headquarters outside the country as if they never had left.

Critics of the Senate bill argue that it doesn't do anything about U.S.
companies' ability to compete with foreign firms. But if the U.S. tax code is a
competitive problem, that should be dealt with directly. The problem does not
justify a tax scheme based on the fiction that moving a few offices to Bermuda
makes a U.S. manufacturer a foreign company.

The drop in market confidence is bad enough, without the government letting
corporations get away with the equivalent of claiming a fake child on the income
tax return.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday

Super Bowl short on tickets and five-star recruits

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 450 words


With the hoopla over college football's letter-of-intent day looming, consider
this:

Not one starter in Sunday's Super Bowl was considered a so-called five-star
recruit coming out of high school, according to 247Sports. The Seahawks boast
four four-star starters, the Patriots three.

Average stars per starter: Seahawks 2.4, Patriots 2.3.

Headlines

\x95At TheOnion.com: "New NCAA regulations prohibit student-athletes from
studying more than 30 hours per week."

\x95At SportsPickle.com: "Patriots fire longtime Director of Football Cheating."

See you later

Three-time Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo has been hit with a two-year
doping ban after testing positive for the blood-booster EPO.

Running officials figured something was amiss when she needed another 20 miles
for her cool-down lap.

Super Bowl quiz

"Stork listed as questionable" on the Super Bowl injury report refers to:

a) Pats centre Bryan Stork (knee)

b) Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman (fatherhood)

Mitt for tat

Mitt Romney says he won't be a candidate for president in 2016.

The Tennessee Titans, refusing to be upstaged, announced they won't be in the
running for the 2016 Super Bowl, either.

Wayback Machine

"(Pats owner) Bob Kraft referred questions about deflated footballs to Bill
Belichick, who denied all wrongdoing and blamed Tom Brady, who denied wrongdoing
and blamed the ballboys, who might rat out everyone," noted comedian Argus
Hamilton.

"We baby boomers loved it. For one beautiful day, Nixon was still president and
we were all young again."

Welcome to the club

"We all have days like this," said Tiger Woods after carding a career-worst 82
in the Phoenix Open.

Agreed - though for most of us, a round like that would be considered an
excellent day.

Cavalier attitude

An Ohio inmate has asked to be paroled so he can watch LeBron James lead the
Cleveland Cavaliers to their first NBA title.

"If he's not paroled," wrote Brad Dickson of the Omaha (Neb.) World-Herald, "he
has successfully laid the groundwork for an insanity plea."

Talk time

\x95Tom Cuddy, of Boston's WBZ Radio, on why the NHL turned down Jonny
Gaudreau's request to light his star on fire during the All-Star Weekend Skills
Competition: "It would have been a match penalty."

\x95Torben Rolfsen of Vancouver, B.C.'s CAST Radio, on the Winter X Games adding
a snowmobile-jumping event: "What's next, Zamboni demolition derby?"

\x95Comedy writer Tim Hunter, after Sports Illustrated laid off all of its staff
photographers: "This year's Swimsuit Issue could be entirely selfies."

Tough on righties?

Ex-pitcher Curt Schilling says his strong Republican leanings might be hurting
his chances with Hall of Fame voters.

Coincidence? At Super Bowl parties, he only eats right wings.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Polanski victim urges end to case

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 608 words


LOS ANGELES - The woman at the centre of the statutory rape case involving
fugitive director Roman Polanski in 1977 has lashed out at the Los Angeles
County district attorney's office, saying she is being victimised again by
prosecutors' focus on lurid details of what happened to her.

Samantha Geimer, 45, filed a legal declaration asking that the charge against
Polanski be dismissed in the interest of saving her from further trauma as the
case is publicised anew.

Now a wife and mother of three children, Geimer said that the insistence by
prosecutors and the court that Polanski must appear in person to seek dismissal
"is a joke, a cruel joke being played on me."

Geimer said she believes prosecutors are reciting sexually explicit details of
the case to distract from their office's own wrongdoing 31 years ago. The
alleged wrongdoing was brought to light in the documentary Roman Polanski:
Wanted and Desired, which prompted the director's lawyer to file a motion for
dismissal.

A hearing is set for January 21 on Polanski's motion for dismissal. But
prosecutors have said he must appear in person - an act which would risk his
arrest.

"If Polanski cannot stand before the court to make this request, I, as the
victim, can and I, as the victim do," she said in the declaration signed at her
home in Kilauea, Hawaii.

In a motion filed on January 6, Deputy District Attorney David Walgren provided
sexually explicit descriptions of the 1977 assault of Geimer during a photo
shoot by Polanski. It included extensive testimony from grand jury transcripts
at the time which included graphic details of the incident. The details of
Polanski's sexual activity with the girl had never before been described in
legal documents

Geimer said she was disappointed that the district attorney "has, yet one more
time, given great publicity to the lurid details of those events for all to read
again."

"True as they may be, the continued publication of those details causes harm to
me, my beloved husband, my three children and my mother," she said. "I have
become a victim of the actions of the district attorney."

Geimer suggested that her feelings should have been considered and she should
have been consulted before the prosecution document was filed.

"My views as a victim, my feelings as a victim, or my desires as a victim were
never considered or even inquired into by the district attorney prior to the
filing," she said. "It is clear to me that because the district attorney's
office has been accused of wrongdoing, it has recited the lurid details of the
case to distract attention from the wrongful conduct of the district attorney's
office as well as the judge who was then assigned to the case."

The 75-year-old Polanski, living in exile in France, wants to return to the
United States. While in exile, he won the 2002 Oscar for directing The Pianist,
a Holocaust drama.

Geimer said that the decision for Polanski to plead guilty to a single count of
unlawful sexual intercourse was intended to save her from a trial which would
have drawn worldwide attention.

"I have survived, indeed prevailed, against whatever harm Mr. Polanski may have
caused me as a child," she said, adding she now believes Polanski fled "because
the judicial system did not work."

She said her views have been well known since 1995 when she wrote a letter to
then-District Attorney Gil Garcetti suggesting the case be dismissed. She said
she raised it again in 1997 when the case was brought to Superior Court Judge
Larry Paul Fidler.

Sandi Gibbons, the district attorney's spokeswoman, said the office would have
no comment because the declaration is part of pending litigation.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      July 18, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

AD PRICE EVIDENCE SURFACES;
DEPUTY INSURANCE COMMISSIONER TESTIFIES TO QUACKENBUSH SETTING INSURANCE
COMPANIES' FINES ACCORDING TO OUTREACH' COSTS

BYLINE: Dion Nissenbaum

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 778 words


SACRAMENTO State investigators have obtained strong new evidence in their
criminal probe of former Insurance Commissioner Charles Quackenbush: the first
testimony that he ordered aides to secure $3 million from title companies to pay
for his TV commercials.

In interviews with the Attorney General's Office and legislative aides, Deputy
Insurance Commissioner Norris Clark said Quackenbush came up with the amount
based not on wrongdoing by the companies, but on how much was needed to fund
public service announcements.

Transcripts of the Clark interviews which describe in detail a November 1999
meeting among Quackenbush, Clark and other aides were obtained Monday by the
Mercury News.

The testimony could prove crucial to the joint team of federal, state and local
prosecutors that is investigating Quackenbush and his former aides in an effort
to build a case charging criminal behavior, including misappropriation of public
funds.

Quackenbush has consistently denied wrongdoing in his regulation of insurance
companies. But he announced his resignation June 28, the day before Clark was
scheduled to testify to an Assembly committee looking into allegations that the
former Republican Assemblyman from Silicon Valley allowed insurance companies to
escape large fines by paying smaller amounts to nonprofit foundations.

Clark who has received immunity is the first to offer direct evidence that
Quackenbush sought to raise foundation funds to pay for political polling,
produce television commercials featuring the commissioner and fund charitable
groups closely linked to the commissioner's campaign manager. Only secondhand
evidence implicating Quackenbush had been offered previously.

On Monday, Quackenbush attorney Don Heller confirmed that the conversation
recounted by Clark took place, but said there was nothing illegal about the talk
and that his client would share his version of events with investigators.

"I don't think what Mr. Clark has said is too far from the commissioner's
recollection of the events," he said. "But I'm not sure about the numbers, and
I'm not so sure about the context."

According to Clark, Quackenbush expressed concern last November about the
prolonged and costly investigations of title companies accused of keeping money
owed to homebuyers.

At the meeting with his executive staff, Quackenbush asked then-Deputy
Commissioner George Grays how much the department needed to finance planned
public service announcements, Clark said. Grays, who has been accused of
secretly running the largest nonprofit foundation created by the insurance
department, said the agency already had access to about $1 million from one
settlement with a title company.

"It was concluded that the department would need another $3 million for the
funding of the foundation that would handle the outreach," Clark said. "At that
point, I was directed to settle the total of the companies that we had the
actions on and had examinations completed for approximately that sum."

When asked who directed him to settle, Clark answered: "Mr. Quackenbush."

After the meeting and before the foundations came under fire, five title
companies agreed to pay $2.3 million to settle their disputes with the
department.

In a second interview with investigators earlier this month, Clark made clear
again that the settlement amounts had a direct political purpose.

After being instructed to raise the $3 million, Clark said he worked out a
formula for 20 title companies based on their slice of the market.

"If you had been given a $10 million total settlement number, then your numbers
on the matrix assigned under your formula to each title company would have been
different," asked Janet Richmond, an aide to state Sen. Jackie Speier, D-San
Mateo. "You worked backwards, correct?"

"That's correct," Clark said.

In a related development, acting Insurance Commissioner Clark Kelso announced
Monday that he is ending an investigation of department staff who leaked
confidential reports on earthquake insurance companies to the public. The
reports released by department attorney Cynthia Ossias provided ammunition for
the investigation that toppled Quackenbush.

Ossias testified before an Assembly hearing that she felt compelled to release
the reports after concluding that the companies accused of short-changing
victims of the 1994 Northridge earthquake had gotten off easy.

Kelso, a law school professor who has temporarily taken over the Department of
Insurance while Gov. Gray Davis looks for a replacement, also dropped a lawsuit
against the state Senate, which publicly released the reports.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Jose Mercury News

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday
                                   Edition 2

FBI interviews Obama and two aides over governor's seat-for-sale scandal;
United States

BYLINE: Tim Reid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 425 words


Barack Obama kept up efforts to keep his Christmas holiday in Hawaii low-profile
yesterday, but 4,000 miles away in Chicago the corruption scandal over his
vacant Illinois Senate seat continued to dog his White House transition.

Three weeks after Rod Blagojevich, the Governor of Illinois, was arrested and
charged with trying to sell the Senate seat, new details emerged about the
scandal that stymied attempts by Mr Obama to put the matter to rest.

Mr Blagojevich's lawyer asked the Illinois legislative committee, which is
considering whether to impeach the governor, to subpoena more than a dozen
witnesses, including Rahm Emanuel, Mr Obama's incoming chief of staff, and
Valerie Jarrett, a longtime confidante and senior adviser to the
President-elect.

While it is not clear whether the panel will grant the request, made to force
public testimony from Mr Obama's inner circle and distract attention from the
alleged wrongdoings of his client, the move kept the story in the headlines.

Although there is no allegation of any wrongdoing by Mr Obama or his staff, it
also emerged that the President-elect was interviewed last Thursday for two
hours by two FBI agents and two federal prosecutors investigating Mr
Blagojevich.

Mr Emanuel and Ms Jarrett were also interviewed. All three were represented by
their own personal lawyers.

On Tuesday Mr Obama released an internal review conducted by his incoming White
House counsel, which reported that Mr Emanuel had a number of conversations with
Mr Blagojevich and his staff about Mr Obama's Senate seat after the election.
The report emphasised that there had been no inappropriate contact with the
governor or his office.

The report also stated that Mr Obama authorised Mr Emanuel to pass on the names
of four people whom he considered qualified to take over his seat: the Illinois
comptroller, Dan Hynes; the Illinois Veterans Affairs director, Tammy Duckworth;
Jan Schakowsky, an Illinois congresswoman, and Jesse Jackson Jr.

An official with Mr Obama's team said that Mr Emanuel had been captured talking
on wiretaps made as part of the investigation into Mr Blagojevich.

In Hawaii, Mr Obama and his family have spent Christmas week largely out of
sight, although photographers have captured two striking images: one of the
President-elect bare-chested, another of him scattering his grandmother's ashes
in the Pacific Ocean.

Madelyn Payne Dunham, the maternal grandmother whom he referred to as Toot, died
on November 2, two days before her grandson was elected America's first
African-American president..

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Barack Obama scattered his grandmother's ashes in the Pacific
BIG PICTURES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Lebanon Democrat (Tennessee)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

District attorney clears school system of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Xavier Smith, The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


Oct. 04--Wilson County District Attorney Tommy Thompson found no wrongdoing on
behalf of the Wilson County Schools during its investigation into the old
Lebanon High School renovation project, school officials announced Monday.

The Wilson County school board voted in June to send a pair of ethics complaint
against the system to Thompson. The complaints, originally addressed to Wilson
County Ethics Committee chairman Terry Ashe, called for an investigation into
the handling of taxpayer funds in regards to the abatement, demolition and
renovation from the old Lebanon High School into a new Wilson County Schools
central office.

Resident Cris G. Corley filed both complaints after he said he observed
"possible waste and abuse of Wilson County taxpayer funds."

"While we have certainly noted many differing opinions on the issue(s) of what
is best, or what is right, regarding the handling of the plans, renovation and
personal property that remained within old Lebanon High School, the school
system as a whole and the measures taken by them appear to be legally sound,"
Thompson's report said.

"Their actions, along with their vendors, also appear to have met the general
standards within the industry as far as what is considered customary and
reasonable practice throughout the state of Tennessee. It is important to note
that all actions in this matter appear to have been properly approved by the
Wilson County Board of Education. As such, we have made a conclusive finding
that no illegal acts occurred at the hand of the Wilson County Schools as a
governing body or its agents/employees."

The report said to complete the request, the office "spent countless hours
gathering information, identifying and locating witnesses, site visits and
conducting multiple in person and telephone interviews."

Thompson, who traditionally practices from his Hartsville office, spent a week
at his office in Lebanon to gather and review information.

The Wilson County Board of Education agreed to continue work on the old Lebanon
High School renovation Monday after hearing the results of the investigation.
The group halted the renovation project when it sent the complaints to the
District Attorney's office.

Board chairman Larry Tomlinson highlighted that money for the renovation project
has already been authorized by the Wilson County Commission and the project
would not require a tax increase or commission approval.

The old Lebanon High School will be converted to a new Wilson County Schools
central office, which will house the adult high school, TVOLS, a director's
office, conference and training areas, extended-school program, textbook storage
and board meeting room, among other things.

___ (c)2016 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161004-1LD-District-attorney-clears-school-system-of-wrongdoing
-1004-20161004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                      Copyright 2016 The Lebanon Democrat


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

UK Athletics find no evidence against Farah in doping investigation

BYLINE: Guy Aspin

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 294 words


UK ATHLETICS has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the initial
findings of its investigation into  allegations of doping against his coach
Alberto Salazar.

The governing body also said its investigation had not given it "any reason to
question the appropriateness of the input" given by the Nike Oregon Project to
the double Olympic champion's training regime.UKA launched a review following
allegations broadcast in a BBC Panorama programme in June that Salazar, the head
coach at the project in Portland, where Farah trains, had violated several
anti-doping rules.

Salazar, who is an "unpaid consultant" for UKA, has strenuously denied all the
accusations against him and Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the
BBC documentary, has vowed to stick by his coach unless any allegations are
proven.

UKA launched a review into the American's relationship with the governing body
and Farah, which was undertaken by its three-person  performance oversight
group, comprising former athletes Jason Gardener, Dr Sarah Rowell and Anne
Wafula-Strike.

A statement from UKA said: "With reference to the first and most vital objective
of the review, the Board can confirm that none of the extensive  information
supplied to the POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo
Farah, nor gave UK Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the
input given by the Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime."

Farah was questioned by the US Anti-Doping Agency in a five-hour meeting in
central London on Saturday, a day after he received a warm reception on a
winning return to the Olympic Stadium for the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games.

Farah is currently preparing to stage a defence of his 5000m and 10,000m world
titles in Beijing.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPT


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Union denies Juarez Competitiva financial wrongdoing

BYLINE: Marisela Ortega Lozano, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


Aug. 30--A committee from an employers' union on Wednesday denied wrongdoing in
the use of taxpayers' money to fund Juarez Competitiva events held in October to
counter the city's tainted image of violence and crime.

"There is no evidence to support the criminal complaint (against Juarez
Competitiva's organizer Carlos Chavira), since there was no fraudulent spending
of money allotted by the Chihuahua government to cover Juarez Competitiva's
events," said a statement by the union, known as COPARMEX.

On Aug. 24, Chihuahua officials accused Chavira of mishandling public money
spent to pay for Mexican rock group Mana's concert as part of the events.

"The 10-member special committee, led by former COPARMEX president in Mexico,
Bernardo Ardavin Migoni, were brushed aside by state financial and attorney
general officials without producing any evidence about the fraud allegations,"
the statement said.

"Despite a verbal agreement between Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte, state
authorities refused to disclose the files pertaining to this alleged fraud," the
statement said.

Chihuahua officials accused Chavira of fraudulently managing $1.9 million to
book events.

"This is merely a media campaign launched by the Chihuahua government against
COPARMEX in Juarez," the news release said.

Officials from COMPARMEX didn't explain why Chihuahua authorities allegedly are
against it.

In a brief interview with reporters in Chihuahua City,

Duarte denied there is a campaign against COPARMEX.

Marisela Ortega Lozanomay be reached at mortega@elpasotimes.com; 542-6077.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120830-EY-Union-denies-Juarez-Competitiva-financial-wrongdoing
-0830-20120830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 10, 2001 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

DEATH OF A FANATIC

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 428 words


TIMOTHY MCVEIGH

ON MONDAY, America executes Timothy McVeigh. If only his fanatical,
anti-government ideas were as easily extinguished.

In McVeigh's deranged mind, government wrongdoing -- from Ruby Ridge, Idaho, to
Waco, Texas, to the missing files in his criminal case -- is proof that
malevolent government is waging war against the people. In reality, the federal
government's conscientious investigation and reinvestigation of Ruby Ridge, Waco
and the missing FBI documents are fresh proof that this is a nation where the
government is accountable to the people.

At the same time last week that McVeigh was arguing that the FBI was trampling
his constitutional rights, two less-prominent court actions demonstrated that
agents of the government can be held accountable for their actions.

The first was a federal appeals court ruling permitting Idaho authorities to
prosecute Lon Horiuchi, the FBI sharpshooter who killed the wife of Randy Weaver
during the Ruby Ridge standoff with the FBI in 1992. The decision was a victory
for the idea that federal agents can be hauled into court for using excessive
force against citizens.

The second court action was the sentencing of William Johnston, a former federal
prosecutor who withheld documents showing that federal agents had used
fire-producing tear gas during the 1993 siege at Waco. The Johnston sentencing
grew out of former Sen. John C. Danforth's independent investigation into
allegations that FBI agents caused the death of more than 80 Branch Davidians at
Waco. After a year-long investigation, Mr. Danforth disproved the conspiracy
allegations against the government, concluding that FBI agents had not fired on
the Branch Davidians or started the fire that killed them.

But the experience left Mr. Danforth amazed that a majority of the American
people were willing to believe that their government could be involved in such
evil acts.

Part of the problem, Mr. Danforth said, was that the FBI and the Justice
Department sometimes withheld information that would make them look bad -- an
observation he repeated after the 4,000 missing McVeigh files turned up. But Mr.
Danforth also put part of the blame on the people for failing to "distinguish
between healthy skepticism about government and the destructive assumption that
government is an evil force engaged in dark acts." That is insidious, he said,
in a nation where the government derives its just power from the consent of the
governed.

Timothy McVeigh forgot that, in this country, the government is us. We should
not forget.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 22, 2007 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Report: Vick won't face charges;
Water bottle tossed out by Falcons quarterback at Miami airport had secret
compartment, unknown contents.

BYLINE: STEVE WYCHE; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 571 words


Atlanta Falcons star Michael Vick will not be charged with wrongdoing after
tests by a Miami police lab indicated that a substance in a water bottle he
tried to get through airport security last week was not illegal, according to a
person with knowledge of the situation.

Vick will be cleared by the Miami-Dade Police Department in an announcement that
could come today, the person said. Attempts to reach Miami police for comment
Sunday evening were unsuccessful.

Messages left with Falcons' president and general manager Rich McKay and Vick's
agent, Joel Segal, were not returned Sunday evening.

ESPN reported Sunday night on its Web site that Vick would be "exonerated" in
the incident, citing anonymous NFL sources.

The water bottle Vick tried to carry through security at Miami International
Airport on Wednesday drew suspicion after TSA security officers found a hidden
compartment in the bottle that contained "a small amount of dark particulate and
a pungent aroma closely associated with marijuana," according to a police
report.

It was not clear Sunday night what the substance was.

Vick, who has been selected to three Pro Bowls and is the Falcons' most popular
player, could be spared legal ramifications and, in all likelihood, formal
discipline from the NFL since there is nothing linking him to any illegal
wrongdoing.

After a meeting Thursday with owner Arthur Blank, new head coach Bobby Petrino
and McKay, McKay said internal discipline could be forthcoming.

By NFL rules, if a player is involved in an incident that draws suspicion of
drugs, that player could be subject to being placed in the substance abuse
program and random drug testing. League spokesman Greg Aiello said Friday that
the NFL office was aware of the situation and was looking into it. He declined
further comment.

Vick, whose $130 million contract makes him pro football's highest paid player,
has been under investigation since he tried to pass through airport security
with the 20-ounce water bottle. Federal laws prohibit carrying liquids in
containers of more than 3 ounces through security or onto aircrafts.

Vick initially did not want to part with the bottle. After a conversation with a
TSA agent at a security checkpoint, he eventually threw the bottle into a waste
container. He was not arrested and caught his AirTran flight to Atlanta, where
he arrived without incident and went on to meet with members of the Falcons'
coaching staff.

After Vick passed through the security checkpoint, the security agent retrieved
the bottle and showed it to her supervisor, who then turned the bottle over to
Miami-Dade police, according to the police report. On Friday, police said
analyzing the bottle was low priority and that the process could take weeks.

The recent episode cast Vick into a negative light after a string of incidents
over the past two seasons that included him making an obscene gesture to fans at
the Georgia Dome following a loss to the New Orleans Saints in November. The NFL
fined him $10,000 and ordered him to donate $10,000 to charity.

Vick is coming off a season in which he became the first NFL quarterback to run
for more than 1,000 yards. He also threw for a career-high 20 touchdowns.
However, the Falcons finished 7-9 and failed to make the playoffs for a second
straight season. Coach Jim Mora was fired, in part, because of the team's
shortcomings.

AJC.COM

Go online for continuing updates on the Michael Vick story.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Michael Vick

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Wells Fargo Case Tests a Get-Tough Approach

BYLINE: By JAMES B. STEWART

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; COMMON SENSE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1570 words


In response to widespread public criticism that the government has been too
lenient with executives responsible for corporate crime, Deputy Attorney General
Sally Quillian Yates issued tough new guidelines last year for federal
prosecutors.

''One of the most effective ways to combat corporate misconduct,'' she said,
''is by seeking accountability from the individuals who perpetrated the
wrongdoing.''

In Wells Fargo, the government may have the perfect test case.

''We should really hold the Department of Justice's feet to the fire here,''
said John C. Coffee Jr., a professor at Columbia Law School who is an expert on
white-collar crime. ''Do they really mean what they said in that memo? Will they
pursue individuals and not just the underlings?''

Wells Fargo's $185 million settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau and other agencies hardly puts an end to the matter. Wells Fargo has
acknowledged that thousands of employees, under intense pressure to meet
aggressive sales targets, opened as many as two million bogus accounts without
customers' knowledge, in some cases forging signatures.

United States attorneys from three jurisdictions -- in New York, San Francisco
and North Carolina -- have sent subpoenas to the bank, indicating Wells Fargo
now faces a number of criminal investigations.

Congress is also increasing the pressure. Wells Fargo's chief executive, John G.
Stumpf, faced withering criticism this week from Democrats and Republicans
alike. Senator Elizabeth Warren called for his resignation, adding, ''You should
be criminally investigated by both the Department of Justice and the Securities
and Exchange Commission.'' On Thursday, a group of senators asked the Labor
Department to investigate the bank's employment practices.

But calling for an investigation is easy compared with actually convicting
high-ranking executives of a crime, or even proving civil liability, as the
government's poor record with postfinancial-crisis mortgage fraud cases has
demonstrated.

Brandon L. Garrett, a law professor at the University of Virginia and author of
''Too Big to Jail,'' did not want to speculate about the eventual outcome of the
Wells Fargo investigations. Still, ''based on past experience, it's incredibly
rare to see high-level officials prosecuted,'' he said. ''It's a tiny
fraction.''

Despite the long odds, and the layers of bureaucracy that typically insulate top
executives from knowledge of wrongdoing, Wells Fargo may prove the exception.

Mary Eshet, a Wells Fargo spokeswoman, said the bank had no comment beyond Mr.
Stumpf's testimony and other public statements this week.

''I disagree with the fact that this is a massive fraud,'' Mr. Stumpf told the
Senate Banking Committee. Nonetheless, he said he was ''fully committed to doing
everything possible to fix this issue, strengthen our culture, and take the
necessary actions to restore our customers' trust.''

But opening accounts without customers' knowledge, even forging signatures --
and then charging them fees -- isn't some kind of gray area or borderline
behavior. As Senator Patrick J. Toomey, a Pennsylvania Republican, put it this
week: ''This isn't cross-selling, it's fraud.''

Under corporate criminal law, Wells Fargo is strictly liable for the criminal
behavior of its employees acting within the scope of its business.

The Justice Department has 10 guidelines for when it should pursue criminal
charges against a corporation, recently updated to reflect its more aggressive
posture toward individuals. Among the most important factors is ''the
pervasiveness of wrongdoing within the corporation, including the complicity in,
or the condoning of, the wrongdoing by corporate management.''

That provision strikes at the heart of the Wells Fargo affair, given that the
bank identified and fired more than 5,300 employees. This isn't a case like that
of JPMorgan Chase's ''London whale,'' or a so-called rogue trader like Société
Générale's Jérôme Kerviel, in which the potentially criminal conduct can be
pinned on just one or perhaps a handful of bad apples.

''This was an epidemic of bogus accounts,'' Professor Coffee said. ''This
wouldn't have happened without pressure from the top.''

Wells Fargo has stressed that while the number of affected employees is large,
it amounts to just 2 percent of the bank's total work force.

''If it was one person or even 100, you might argue that it's a rogue
contingent,'' Professor Garrett said. ''But you can't seriously argue that 5,000
people have gone rogue. That's systemic behavior. People above them had to have
noticed.''

The behavior also spanned years: Wells Fargo said it was reviewing cases dating
back to 2009.

High-ranking bank officials certainly knew by 2013 that the illegal conduct was
pervasive. That's when The Los Angeles Times, in an exposé that did not get
nearly the attention it deserved, reported that Wells Fargo employees had
''opened unneeded accounts for customers, ordered credit cards without
customers' permission and forged client signatures on paperwork.''

The article, published in December of that year, was based on interviews with 35
current and former employees who worked in nine states.

Another Justice Department guideline is the extent to which a company takes
''remedial actions'' once it becomes aware of illegal activity, including steps
''to replace responsible management'' and ''to discipline or terminate
wrongdoers.''

Wells Fargo said it had strengthened its monitoring programs and stepped up
manager training aimed at ferreting out and preventing wrongdoing. It changed
its incentive compensation. Sales goals for retail bankers will be eliminated --
though not until next year. The bank said it had put in place a total of 10
major reforms spanning several years.

But Wells Fargo was extremely slow to pursue responsibility up the management
chain, let alone fire or discipline any high-ranking executive. It hired outside
consultants to help assess the problem only in 2015, and then only after the Los
Angeles city attorney's office started investigating.

The highest-ranking management casualty so far appears to be Carrie Tolstedt,
the former head of Wells Fargo's retail banking operations, who ''retired,'' to
use the bank's euphemism, in July, and was given a rousing send-off with an exit
package then worth more than $100 million.

Ms. Tolstedt isn't talking, so we haven't heard her side of the story. (The
House Financial Services Committee, which is holding its own hearing, would like
to interview her.) Mr. Stumpf reiterated this week that Ms. Tolstedt simply
''chose to retire'' after the bank decided ''to go in a different direction.''

But if it turns out she was, in effect, forced to resign for her involvement in
the bogus account scandal, the bank should have said so, withheld her pay and
started clawback proceedings. That's the minimum I would consider remedial
action if I were a prosecutor.

Ms. Tolstedt is surely at the top of prosecutors' list of possible
witness-suspects, strategically positioned to know just how high in the bank
responsibility lies.

As the Yates memo puts it: ''By focusing our investigation on individuals, we
can increase the likelihood that individuals with knowledge of the corporate
misconduct will cooperate with the investigation and provide information against
individuals higher up the corporate hierarchy.''

Which leads to Mr. Stumpf, who as chief executive was paid over $100 million
from 2011 to 2015 while the epidemic of bogus account openings was in full
swing.

Ms. Warren was scathing this week: ''You squeezed your employees to the breaking
point so they would cheat customers and you could drive up the value of your
stock and put hundreds of millions of dollars in your own pocket. And when it
all blew up, you kept your job, you kept your multimillion-dollar bonuses and
you went on television to blame thousands of $12-an-hour employees.''

Mr. Stumpf said that decisions regarding high-ranking executives, including
himself, were matters for the board. But why would the board be pondering those
issues only now? Surely directors have been aware of the pervasive nature of the
problem for years -- and if they weren't kept informed, that alone might be
grounds for replacing Mr. Stumpf.

Wells Fargo and its top executives, of course, insist they never told anyone to
open fake accounts, or break the law. On the contrary, they stressed repeatedly
that employees would be held to the highest ethical and legal standards. Mr.
Stumpf sounded that theme this week: ''We never directed nor wanted our
employees, whom we refer to as team members, to provide products and services to
customers they did not want or need.''

But that should be no defense.

''Every company says that,'' Professor Coffee said. ''But to survive, these
employees had little option but to cheat. If they didn't meet the impossible
targets. they'd be fired. This was very high pressure from the top, where the
top was being motivated by high incentive compensation.''

In sum, I couldn't find a single Justice Department guideline that, based on
what we know now, cuts in Wells Fargo's favor.

''Wells Fargo says this is over: 'We've solved the problem; it won't happen
again,''' Professor Garrett said. ''It's mind-boggling. Fines aren't working.
We're not going to see deterrence until we see some high-level individual
cases.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/23/business/wells-fargo-tests-justice-departments
-get-tough-approach.html

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: John G. Stumpf at a Senate hearing. (B1)
 Senator Elizabeth Warren questioned John G. Stumpf, Wells Fargo chief
executive, at a committee hearing on Tuesday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL
REYNOLDS/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY) (B5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Wilkes-Barre officer cleared of wrongdoing in shooting

BYLINE: Peter Cameron, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


April 12--The man who was shot and wounded by Wilkes-Barre police after
allegedly using a stun gun on two people Monday has been charged with robbery
and other offenses, according to state police.

Meanwhile, the Luzerne County district attorney says the officer, who had been
placed on administrative leave, has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the
shooting.

The suspect, James Rankin, 21, of Carnegie, is charged with two counts each of
robbery, aggravated assault, use of an electronic incapacitation device and
misdemeanor theft, and one count each of burglary, possessing a prohibited
offensive weapon and resisting arrest. Rankin is being held at the Luzerne
County Correctional Facility with bail set at $100,000.

He is accused of breaking into the apartment of Naeem Ford, 28, at 251 Kidder
St. about 3:50 a.m. Monday. Ford and another occupant, Margarita Martinez, 22,
confronted Rankin and called police.

When the victims called 911, operators heard the man believed to be the suspect
screaming, "Put the money in the bag," and, "Do you want to die tonight?"
according to the district attorney's office.

Ford and Martinez were beaten and repeatedly stunned with a Taser -- Martinez
was stunned more than 20 times, according to a statement from Luzerne County
District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis. Ford was also choked in the attack and
sustained a broken leg, she said. No one came to the door of the apartment when
a reporter knocked Wednesday.

When police arrived, Rankin escaped through a rear window and jumped from the
third story to the ground, police said. He discarded items as he fled, including
items taken from the residence, according to police.

Police say he then charged one of the pursuing police officers, who wrestled the
Rankin to the ground.

Rankin refused to comply with commands, and a Wilkes-Barre police officer shot
him once in the torso after Rankin made a gesture as if he were reaching for
something in his waistband, according to state police.

Authorities have refused to name the officer, citing concerns for his safety.
His name will be released "upon resolution of the information relating to that
concern," Salavantis said in the statement.

pcameron@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2110

___ (c)2012 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120412-YC-Wilkes-Barre-officer-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-shooting-0412-20120412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2012 The Citizens' Voice


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             August 9, 2005 Tuesday

Enforcement: SEC Urges Court to Keep Effective Date for Mutual Fund Rule

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 353 No. 32192

LENGTH: 702  words


The Securities and Exchange Commission is urging a federal appeals court

to not delay the Jan. 16, 2006, effective date of a controversial mutual fund

rule, warning that it "would leave investors without crucial protection from

the risk of further devastating losses from misconduct by fund managers" and

possibly "result in renewed investor uncertainty at a time when the markets

continue to confront new revelations of wrongdoing."

The SEC made the warning in a 21-page brief it filed with the U.S.

District Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit late Friday

opposing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's request that the court delay the rule

pending the outcome of its legal challenge to the rule.

The rule would require the chairmen of mutual funds and 75% of fund

boards to be independent from management. The SEC claims that the increased

independence of fund leadership is crucial to preventing the conflicts of

interest that have led to "systemic wrongdoing by major fund groups,"

including at least nine of the 25 largest fund complexes. Much of the

wrongdoing has involved abusive late trading and market-timing practices.

"The vital public interest in this enhanced independent oversight is

clear," the SEC told the court in its brief. "In the three months after the

first of the scandals broke, investors withdrew $80 billion from mutual

funds. To date, the abuses have cost this nation's 92 million mutual fund

investors billions of dollars in losses. Wrongdoing is still coming to light

and losses continue to mount."

"Even after the adoption of the amendments, but before arrival of the

compliance date, the commission has brought enforcement actions involving

over $1.3 billion in losses," the SEC continued. "Indeed, in a recent single

case, the lack of effective oversight of a conflict-of-interest transaction

cost investors nearly $100 million."

The Chamber of Commerce asked the court last month to delay the rule's

effective date, arguing that the delay was needed to avoid "irreparable harm"

to mutual funds that would have to begin spending a lot of money to comply

with the new rule by Jan. 16, even as the court is considering the chamber's

challenge to the rule.

But the SEC told the court late Friday: "The chamber has not submitted a

single affidavit from any fund industry participant attesting to any harm

whatsoever, much less irreparable harm. Nor has the chamber shown the

slightest harm to itself."

The Chamber of Commerce currently has two requests pending before the

appeals court stemming from a lawsuit it filed against the SEC over the rule

last year. The group claimed in that suit that the SEC exceeded its authority

in adopting the rule, and did not adequately consider the costs and burdens

the rule would impose on mutual funds, as well as lesser burdensome

alternative proposals.

A three-judge appeals court panel ruled in June that the SEC did not

exceed its authority in adopting the rule. But the panel remanded the rule

back to the commission, saying the SEC was deficient in not adequately

addressing the costs and proposed alternatives.

The main alternative, which was proposed by the two Republican SEC

commissioners Cynthia Glassman and Paul Atkins, was for funds to disclose

whether their chairmen were independent and let investors decide if that made

a difference in which funds they invested.

In less than a week and one day before the departure of William H.

Donaldson, the SEC chairman who had strongly supported the rule along with

the commission's two Democrats, Harvey Goldschmid and Roel Campos, the SEC

reaffirmed its adoption of the rule. The commission staff contended they had

shown that the costs of the rule would not be as great as the benefits and

that the alternative proposal would not provide investors with enough

protection.

Donaldson has since been replaced by Christopher Cox, a former House

Republican.

The Chamber of Commerce challenged the rule again in early July, claiming

in a document filed with the appeals court that the SEC failed to adequately

address the costs and alternative proposal. In addition, the chamber on July

28 petitioned the three-judge panel to reconsider its decision that the SEC

had authority to adopt the rule.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    January 15, 2004 Thursday Final Edition

Former Enron exec admits wrongdoing: Fastow pleads guilty to fraud charge. Paves
way for U.S. Justice Department to focus efforts on ex-chief executives

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Business; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 494 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON

Andrew Fastow, Enron Corp.'s former chief financial officer, pleaded guilty to
orchestrating an accounting fraud, becoming the highest-ranking officer to admit
wrongdoing in the energy trader's collapse.

Fastow, 42, pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit wire and securities fraud. He
agreed to serve 10 years in prison and to forfeit $29 million of his assets, the
majority of which have been frozen by prosecutors.

His plea paves the way for the U.S. Justice Department to focus its efforts on
its criminal investigation of former Enron chief executives Kenneth Lay and
Jeffrey Skilling.

"Andrew Fastow constructed an elaborate wall of deceit - shielding the reality
of Enron's failing business from the watchful eye of shareholders and the
investing public," Deputy U.S. Attorney-General James B. Comey said at a news
conference. "Today's plea tears that wall down. Using Mr. Fastow's co-operation,
we will continue to tear the wall down by prosecuting each person to which the
evidence and the law leads us."

Fastow's wife, Lea, also 42, pleaded guilty later in the day before another
federal judge to a single count of filing a false U.S. tax return.

The former Enron assistant treasurer agreed to a five-month prison term and five
months of home detention that is to be part of a seven-month federal supervision
period.

Fastow, who agreed to co-operate with prosecutors, made his plea in a hearing
before U.S. District Judge Kenneth Hoyt, who reserved the right to increase the
term before he sentenced Fastow April 19.

ImClone Systems Inc. founder Sam Waksal received an eight-year sentence for
pleading guilty to insider trading, and former Rite Aid chief executive Martin
Grass faces up to eight years for his fraud guilty plea when he is sentenced.

Fastow's frozen assets include $13 million in a brokerage account and $7 million
in three bank accounts. Also frozen was currency on deposit with the U.S.
Marshal in the amount of $3.3 million, the proceeds from the sale of Fastow's
unfinished Houston home in the city's River Oaks neighbourhood.

Fastow, who told Hoyt he was taking medication for anxiety, also agreed to pay
$23 million to settle U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission allegations that
he hid billions of dollars in company debt in off-the-books partnerships, the
SEC announced.

Fastow did not name Lay, Skilling or anyone else as having helped him in the
fraud.

Fastow, who used off-the-books partnerships to disguise Enron debt as energy
trades, collected about $60 million from transactions involving the entities,
according to Neal Batson, a court-appointed examiner who investigated the
company's bankruptcy, the largest in U.S. history by debt.

The former CFO also sold about $18 million of Enron stock during the period of
the fraud, which led to a $68-billion drop in market value from the company's
share-price high in August 2000 to its bankruptcy filing in December 2001.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Donald Trump's failed Baja resort fits business pattern

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1366 words


LOS ANGELES - When Stephenee Simms heard in 2006 that Donald Trump was building
condo towers in Baja California, Mexico, the lure of a posh weekend getaway on
the rustic coast just south of Tijuana was hard to resist.

Simms, then an aerospace purchasing agent living in Los Angeles, said she used
her life savings to pay a deposit of just over $50,000 for unit No. 602, a
one-bedroom overlooking the Pacific.

The sales team gave her a book, bound in blue suede, describing a resort where
residents "relax by the infinity-edge pool, margarita in hand, as the cabana boy
brings fresh towels."

It featured Trump, shown smiling in a French gold-leaf chair, telling readers
that no words or pictures "can possibly describe what is about to take shape
here, but it is certainly going to be the most spectacular place in all of
Mexico."

In the end, nothing at all was built at Trump Ocean Resort, and Simms lost her
money. As did about 250 other buyers, most of them from Southern California.

All told, two years of aggressive marketing yielded $32.5 million in buyer
deposits, every bit of it spent by the time Trump and his partners abandoned the
project in early 2009 as the global economy was reeling. Most of the buyers sued
them for fraud.

The Trump Baja fiasco fits a pattern in the Republican presidential candidate's
business record. Over decades of building a business empire in real estate,
casino gaming, golf resorts, reality television and the sale of clothing and
other merchandise, Trump has left a long trail of angry customers and vendors
who accused him in court of cheating them.

Condo buyers at troubled Trump towers in Tampa and Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
claimed in lawsuits that they too were misled and lost deposits. Students at the
defunct Trump University say in fraud suits that they wasted money on worthless
real estate training. Trump's string of business bankruptcies has stuck
suppliers with unpaid bills and banks with uncollectible debts.

Trump has denied wrongdoing in every case, and he argues in the campaign that
his success as a businessman qualifies him to run the country.

Most of the Trump Baja condo buyers accused Trump and two of his adult children,
Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr., of duping them into believing that Trump was one of
the developers, giving them confidence that it was safe to buy unbuilt property
in Mexico.

"We were conned out of $140,000 in cash," said buyer Sandra Sapol, 46, of
Carlsbad. "That was hard-earned money, down the drain."

The Trumps settled the fraud lawsuit, which neither Simms nor Sapol joined, and
denied wrongdoing. The terms of the deal are confidential.

As for the charge of deception, Alan Garten, general counsel to the Trump
Organization, the family's umbrella enterprise, said, "Categorically untrue."

A request to interview Trump and his two children was declined.

The Trumps say they licensed their name for the project, but were not a
developer and had no responsibility to refund buyers' deposits. They say the
developers, Irongate Wilshire and an affiliate, P.B. Impulsores, collected and
spent all the deposit money, then failed to get a construction loan.

Irongate and P.B. agreed to pay the condo buyers at least $7.25 million to
settle their part of the fraud suit. Like the Trumps, they admitted no
wrongdoing.

In the Republican primaries, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida accused Trump of
fleecing the Baja condo buyers, part of his case that Trump was a "con artist."
Trump's Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, is now using the full gamut of Trump
business failures to attack the New York tycoon.

"He makes over-the-top promises that if people stick with him, trust him, listen
to him, put their faith in him, he'll deliver for them," she told a crowd
Tuesday in Ohio. "He'll make them wildly successful, and then everything falls
apart. And people get hurt."

The Baja resort was supposed to cover 17 acres of oceanfront property on bluffs
10 miles south of the U.S. border. The 525 condos cost $275,000 to $3 million;
Simms' was $506,900. Buyers were required to make a 30 per cent deposit in
several instalments.

As the Trumps and their partners promoted the condos with sleek brochures and
what they called "VIP" cocktail receptions in San Diego County, they often left
the impression - or said outright - that Trump was one of the developers. Their
marketing team determined that the Trump name was the No. 1 draw for buyers,
according to documents that surfaced in the lawsuit.

"We are developing a world-class resort befitting of the Trump brand," Ivanka
Trump said in a video on the Trump Baja website. "I'm very excited about it. I
actually chose to buy a unit in the first tower."

Her father appeared in the same video saying he was proud "that when I build, I
have investors that follow me all over."

"They invest in what I build, and that's why I'm so excited about Trump Ocean
resort," he said.

Simms, in a video appearance she now regrets, was also shown praising Trump's
"wonderful reputation" at a VIP reception hosted by Ivanka Trump at L'Auberge
Hotel in Del Mar. "The Trump name is synonymous with quality," Simms said in the
video.

Simms, 50, and Sapol, who went to the same party with her husband, Jeff,
remembered meeting Ivanka Trump as waiters served canapés.

"She was joking around that she was my upstairs neighbour, and she could borrow
sugar from me," Simms recalled.

A few weeks later, Donald Trump Jr. met potential buyers at a similar event at
the U.S. Grant Hotel in San Diego. A Trump Baja newsletter, sent by the sales
team to those who put down deposits, reported that he "flew in from New York to
purchase a suite at the event and meet with fellow buyers."

In fact, according to court documents, Trump Jr. did not buy a condo at the Baja
resort.

Garten, the Trump counsel, did not respond directly when asked by email why
condo buyers were told that Trump Jr. had bought a unit. In general, Garten
said, allegations in the lawsuit "were never proven."

A July 2007 newsletter sent to condo buyers also stated that the resort was
being "developed by one of the most respected names in real estate, Donald J.
Trump."

Further buttressing buyers' belief that Trump was one of the developers, not
just a brand name, Trump personally signed an August 2007 letter to condo buyers
that identified him as exactly that. It was on the letterhead of P.B.
Impulsores, the Mexican company named in unit purchase documents as the resort
developer.

The letter, co-signed by Jason Grosfeld of Irongate, urged buyers to read an
attached "Frequently Asked Questions" sheet about the project. This time, Trump
and Irongate were listed as the developers.

Tony Brown, 50, a Carlsbad buyer who owns a medical imaging company, said he and
his wife, Karen, lost a $170,000 deposit. To them, Trump's name was a "security
blanket" for those who could afford oceanfront property in Mexico, but not
California, he said.

"When we found out later it was just a branding scheme, whatever confidence we
had in his ability to take a project and bring it to fruition went out the
window," Brown said. The couple said they did not take part in the lawsuit
because they did not want to waste any more money.

A webcam in Baja allowed buyers to monitor construction. As months went by with
no sign of progress beyond the mounds of dirt bulldozed around the bluffs early
on, investors' alarm intensified.

"I was pretty much freaking out," Simms recalled as she recently reviewed the
blue-suede Trump Baja brochure at a Los Angeles-area coffee house near the law
firm where she now works as a receptionist.

Sapol and her husband, who own an embroidery and screen printing franchise, knew
something was wrong when Trump's Baja sales force stopped responding to their
phone calls and emails. "We just started getting a pit in our stomach," she said
at their shop in an Encinitas strip mall.

The Sapols decided to drive to Baja to confront agents at the sales office where
they'd once reviewed three-dimensional models of the resort and interior design
displays.

"We go down there, and we look in the window, and all of the furniture is out,
and the lights are out," Sapol said. "They moved out. We were like, oh my God,
where did everybody go? What happened?"

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Donald Trump's failed Baja resort fits business pattern

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1366 words


LOS ANGELES - When Stephenee Simms heard in 2006 that Donald Trump was building
condo towers in Baja California, Mexico, the lure of a posh weekend getaway on
the rustic coast just south of Tijuana was hard to resist.

Simms, then an aerospace purchasing agent living in Los Angeles, said she used
her life savings to pay a deposit of just over $50,000 for unit No. 602, a
one-bedroom overlooking the Pacific.

The sales team gave her a book, bound in blue suede, describing a resort where
residents "relax by the infinity-edge pool, margarita in hand, as the cabana boy
brings fresh towels."

It featured Trump, shown smiling in a French gold-leaf chair, telling readers
that no words or pictures "can possibly describe what is about to take shape
here, but it is certainly going to be the most spectacular place in all of
Mexico."

In the end, nothing at all was built at Trump Ocean Resort, and Simms lost her
money. As did about 250 other buyers, most of them from Southern California.

All told, two years of aggressive marketing yielded $32.5 million in buyer
deposits, every bit of it spent by the time Trump and his partners abandoned the
project in early 2009 as the global economy was reeling. Most of the buyers sued
them for fraud.

The Trump Baja fiasco fits a pattern in the Republican presidential candidate's
business record. Over decades of building a business empire in real estate,
casino gaming, golf resorts, reality television and the sale of clothing and
other merchandise, Trump has left a long trail of angry customers and vendors
who accused him in court of cheating them.

Condo buyers at troubled Trump towers in Tampa and Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
claimed in lawsuits that they too were misled and lost deposits. Students at the
defunct Trump University say in fraud suits that they wasted money on worthless
real estate training. Trump's string of business bankruptcies has stuck
suppliers with unpaid bills and banks with uncollectible debts.

Trump has denied wrongdoing in every case, and he argues in the campaign that
his success as a businessman qualifies him to run the country.

Most of the Trump Baja condo buyers accused Trump and two of his adult children,
Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr., of duping them into believing that Trump was one of
the developers, giving them confidence that it was safe to buy unbuilt property
in Mexico.

"We were conned out of $140,000 in cash," said buyer Sandra Sapol, 46, of
Carlsbad. "That was hard-earned money, down the drain."

The Trumps settled the fraud lawsuit, which neither Simms nor Sapol joined, and
denied wrongdoing. The terms of the deal are confidential.

As for the charge of deception, Alan Garten, general counsel to the Trump
Organization, the family's umbrella enterprise, said, "Categorically untrue."

A request to interview Trump and his two children was declined.

The Trumps say they licensed their name for the project, but were not a
developer and had no responsibility to refund buyers' deposits. They say the
developers, Irongate Wilshire and an affiliate, P.B. Impulsores, collected and
spent all the deposit money, then failed to get a construction loan.

Irongate and P.B. agreed to pay the condo buyers at least $7.25 million to
settle their part of the fraud suit. Like the Trumps, they admitted no
wrongdoing.

In the Republican primaries, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida accused Trump of
fleecing the Baja condo buyers, part of his case that Trump was a "con artist."
Trump's Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, is now using the full gamut of Trump
business failures to attack the New York tycoon.

"He makes over-the-top promises that if people stick with him, trust him, listen
to him, put their faith in him, he'll deliver for them," she told a crowd
Tuesday in Ohio. "He'll make them wildly successful, and then everything falls
apart. And people get hurt."

The Baja resort was supposed to cover 17 acres of oceanfront property on bluffs
10 miles south of the U.S. border. The 525 condos cost $275,000 to $3 million;
Simms' was $506,900. Buyers were required to make a 30 per cent deposit in
several instalments.

As the Trumps and their partners promoted the condos with sleek brochures and
what they called "VIP" cocktail receptions in San Diego County, they often left
the impression - or said outright - that Trump was one of the developers. Their
marketing team determined that the Trump name was the No. 1 draw for buyers,
according to documents that surfaced in the lawsuit.

"We are developing a world-class resort befitting of the Trump brand," Ivanka
Trump said in a video on the Trump Baja website. "I'm very excited about it. I
actually chose to buy a unit in the first tower."

Her father appeared in the same video saying he was proud "that when I build, I
have investors that follow me all over."

"They invest in what I build, and that's why I'm so excited about Trump Ocean
resort," he said.

Simms, in a video appearance she now regrets, was also shown praising Trump's
"wonderful reputation" at a VIP reception hosted by Ivanka Trump at L'Auberge
Hotel in Del Mar. "The Trump name is synonymous with quality," Simms said in the
video.

Simms, 50, and Sapol, who went to the same party with her husband, Jeff,
remembered meeting Ivanka Trump as waiters served canapés.

"She was joking around that she was my upstairs neighbour, and she could borrow
sugar from me," Simms recalled.

A few weeks later, Donald Trump Jr. met potential buyers at a similar event at
the U.S. Grant Hotel in San Diego. A Trump Baja newsletter, sent by the sales
team to those who put down deposits, reported that he "flew in from New York to
purchase a suite at the event and meet with fellow buyers."

In fact, according to court documents, Trump Jr. did not buy a condo at the Baja
resort.

Garten, the Trump counsel, did not respond directly when asked by email why
condo buyers were told that Trump Jr. had bought a unit. In general, Garten
said, allegations in the lawsuit "were never proven."

A July 2007 newsletter sent to condo buyers also stated that the resort was
being "developed by one of the most respected names in real estate, Donald J.
Trump."

Further buttressing buyers' belief that Trump was one of the developers, not
just a brand name, Trump personally signed an August 2007 letter to condo buyers
that identified him as exactly that. It was on the letterhead of P.B.
Impulsores, the Mexican company named in unit purchase documents as the resort
developer.

The letter, co-signed by Jason Grosfeld of Irongate, urged buyers to read an
attached "Frequently Asked Questions" sheet about the project. This time, Trump
and Irongate were listed as the developers.

Tony Brown, 50, a Carlsbad buyer who owns a medical imaging company, said he and
his wife, Karen, lost a $170,000 deposit. To them, Trump's name was a "security
blanket" for those who could afford oceanfront property in Mexico, but not
California, he said.

"When we found out later it was just a branding scheme, whatever confidence we
had in his ability to take a project and bring it to fruition went out the
window," Brown said. The couple said they did not take part in the lawsuit
because they did not want to waste any more money.

A webcam in Baja allowed buyers to monitor construction. As months went by with
no sign of progress beyond the mounds of dirt bulldozed around the bluffs early
on, investors' alarm intensified.

"I was pretty much freaking out," Simms recalled as she recently reviewed the
blue-suede Trump Baja brochure at a Los Angeles-area coffee house near the law
firm where she now works as a receptionist.

Sapol and her husband, who own an embroidery and screen printing franchise, knew
something was wrong when Trump's Baja sales force stopped responding to their
phone calls and emails. "We just started getting a pit in our stomach," she said
at their shop in an Encinitas strip mall.

The Sapols decided to drive to Baja to confront agents at the sales office where
they'd once reviewed three-dimensional models of the resort and interior design
displays.

"We go down there, and we look in the window, and all of the furniture is out,
and the lights are out," Sapol said. "They moved out. We were like, oh my God,
where did everybody go? What happened?"

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 3, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Feds seek $ 275M from S&L lawyers

BYLINE: Paul Wiseman

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal regulators Monday demanded an unprecedented $ 275 million from a law
firm that worked for Charles Keating's failed Lincoln Savings and Loan.

The Office of Thrift Supervision says Kaye, Scholer, Fierman, Hays & Handler
deliberately misled regulators about wrongdoing and financial problems at the
Irvine, Calif. -based S&L. Lincoln collapsed beneath a pile of bad loans and
junk bonds in 1989 , costing taxpayers $ 2.6 billion . In January , Keating was
indicted in Phoenix on fraud charges connected to Lincoln.

OTS is seeking the biggest sum ever from a law firm in an S&L scandal. It also
froze the assets of Kaye , Scholer and three of its partners. The agency says it
isn't trying to put the USA's 33rd-biggest law firm out of business. The firm
keeps operating - under OTS scrutiny.

The law firm denies wrongdoing, saying it represented Lincoln honestly. ''The
OTS is looking for a scapegoat,'' says Gary Lynch , the firm's outside counsel
and former enforcement chief at the Securities and Exchange Commission.

But OTS says Kaye , Scholer's ties to Lincoln went well beyond normal
attorney-client relations. OTS claims the firm:

- Recklessly told Lincoln some risky real-estate investments were legal - though
it knew Lincoln's board had OK'd the investments after they were barred by a
change in government rules.

- Hid information from regulators, including the reason that accountants Arthur
Andersen & Co. dropped the Lincoln account in 1986 : worries about the S&L's
financial health.

- Improperly negotiated a $ 675,000 mortgage from Lincoln for Kaye , Scholer
partner Lynn Toby Fisher .

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 18, 2011 Monday

Times-Tribune wins public service award

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


April 18--CORBIN -- The Times-Tribune has again been recognized for reporting on
former Whitley County Sheriff Lawrence Hodge and allegations of wrongdoing in
his department.

The newspaper won the Public Service Award in the  2010 "Best of CNHI Editorial
Contest" in the division for daily newspapers with a circulation of less than
11,000.

The award also acknowledged the Times-Tribune's former managing editor, Samantha
Swindler, who reported on Hodge's office along with former reporter Adam
Sulfridge.

The competition, open to newspapers owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.,
had entries from 68 daily newspapers and 25 non-dailies. It was judged by seven
editors and one publisher.

In their comments, judges said, "The highest purpose of a newspaper is to expose
wrongdoing. In doing so, the Times-Tribune brought down a corrupt sheriff. The
newspaper exposed this story despite intense intimidation not to go forward with
its investigation. The series represents investigative reporting at its finest
because the whole community benefited from its efforts."

The Times-Tribune is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., a Birmingham,
Ala.-based local news and information company with newspapers, broadcast
stations, magazines and websites in 150 communities throughout the United
States.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110418-KB-Times-Tribune-wins-public-service-award-0418-20110418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Instant Tax Service cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Greg Sowinski, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 222 words


Jan. 06--LIMA -- A local tax preparation service investigated earlier this year
has been cleared of wrongdoing.

In May, a woman filed a complaint with the Lima Police Department, saying she
never received her refund of $6,213. Attempts to contact someone at the office
of Instant Tax Service, where it operated at 1924 Allentown Road in the spring,
were unsuccessful.

In the weeks after the woman filed the complaint, police were unsure whether the
business had closed for the season or would ever return. Eventually, a
representative of the company became aware of the issue and contacted police.

The woman who complained did receive her refund and cashed the check. The
company provided a copy of the cashed check to police. There apparently was a
delay with the IRS in the time it took to send refunds, said Maj. Chip Protsman,
of the Lima Police Department.

The investigation was closed, Protsman said.

Complaints about tax services remain a common complaint, sometimes with fraud
involved, in Ohio, especially since many operate on a seasonal level. Protsman
said Instant Tax Service has no other complaints locally.

Reporter Greg Sowinski can be reached at 567-242-0464 or on Twitter
@Lima_Sowinski.

___ (c)2015 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150106-LM-BRF-Instant-Tax-Service-cleared-of-wrongdoing-0106-20150106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2015 The Lima News


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 20, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

JPMorgan agrees to fine, admits legal violations

BYLINE: Dina ElBoghdady;Danielle Douglas

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 766 words


JPMorgan Chase to pay $920 million for London losses

JPMorgan Chase admits wrongdoing, to pay $920M for 'London Whale' losses The
bank also made a rare admission of wrongdoing in deal with regulators.

When JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $920 million in fines Thursday, the financial
goliath also handed federal regulators a significant symbolic victory by
admitting that its handling of the disastrous "London Whale" trading losses
violated securities law.

The admission came as part of the bank's settlement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which recently vowed to break from its routine practice of
allowing defendants to pay fines without acknowledging liability. In the past
few months, the agency has wrung admissions from a hedge-fund billionaire and
now JPMorgan.

"For the SEC, the admission of wrongdoing is largely a political and symbolic
victory," said Erik Gerding, an associate professor at the University of
Colorado law school. "It represents a down payment on (SEC Chairman) Mary Jo
White's promise to get more admissions."

But legal experts say the development does not go far beyond that.

Traditionally, the SEC has shied away from demanding admissions in the deals it
negotiates because of the practical consequences: Most defendants would refuse
to settle if they had to admit liability. They would rather fight the government
in court than admit to misconduct and expose themselves to civil lawsuits. The
ensuing legal battles would then delay compensation to investors or risk losing
it altogether, agency officials said.

That approach has been sharply criticized by several judges, most notably U.S.
District Judge Jed S. Rakoff. He rejected a $285 million settlement that the SEC
negotiated with Citigroup, in part because Citigroup did not acknowledge
liability. The SEC appealed the decision, and the case is pending before a panel
of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit.

Enter White. Since taking over the SEC in April, she has taken a more aggressive
stance, insisting that defendants in some types of cases be held accountable -
in other words, own up to the alleged misconduct or go to court and defend
themselves.

On Thursday, the agency reinforced the message by having JPMorgan acknowledge
the underlying facts of the SEC's case. The agency accused the bank of
misstating its financial results in the first quarter of 2012, failing to keep a
watchful eye on its traders and keeping its board of directors in the dark about
key trading problems.

JPMorgan agreed to pay the agency $200 million of the $920 million in fines. The
rest will go to the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency and Britain's Financial Conduct Authority.

Several securities law experts said the admission serves the goal of shaming
JPMorgan, improving the SEC's leverage in future negotiations with alleged
wrongdoers and bolstering public confidence in an agency long criticized for
being too soft on Wall Street. It even has the potential to change the
industry's behavior, they said.

"Other institutions will now look at JPMorgan and say: We need to benchmark
ourselves to make sure we're not doing what JPMorgan did," said James Cox, a
professor at Duke University School of Law.

But experts also said the admission is a carefully crafted acknowledgment that's
unlikely to be used against JPMorgan in private lawsuits or against its senior
managers - none of whom were named in the SEC order filed in administrative
court.

Already, six civil cases have been brought by shareholders who lost $6.2 billion
last year after JPMorgan traders in London placed bad bets on credit
derivatives. Among the traders was one known as the "London Whale" for his
outsize trades. Those plaintiffs are unlikely to gain a huge advantage from
Thursday's admissions, several legal experts said.

The factual admissions made by the bank relate to lax internal controls and the
failure to ensure the accuracy of its public disclosures, all violations of a
regulatory provision that can be enforced only by the government. They do not
give investors or plaintiffs' attorneys a right to sue, they said.

Private plaintiffs usually need to prove fraud, and JPMorgan's admission is a
far cry from that, said Adam C. Pritchard, a professor at the University of
Michigan Law School.

"It's an admission that they were careless and should have done a better job
with their internal controls," Pritchard said. "But it doesn't have serious
implications for the private lawsuits they are facing. It's just an admission of
negligence."

dina.elboghdady@washpost.com

danielle.douglas@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    August 17, 2005 Wednesday Final Edition

TD Bank pays $130m to settle Enron suit; 'We deny any wrongdoing,' says CEO

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Andrew Flynn

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Despite disavowing any wrongdoing in the Enron affair, TD Bank has agreed to pay
$130-million US to settle some of the legal fallout surrounding the United
States energy giant's collapse.

"In making this settlement, we denied any wrongdoing or liability," CEO Ed Clark
said. "We have agreed to a negotiated settlement because we thought it was
preferable to the time, expense and unpredictability of litigation."

Under the settlement, TD Bank will make a pre-tax payment of $50-million US in
cash to Enron Corp. to resolve alleged common-law claims related to the
"megaclaims" lawsuit filed by Enron in relation to its bankruptcy.

Toronto-based TD also said it will add $300-million US to its reserve for a
securities class-action lawsuit pending in Texas, resulting in an after-tax
charge of $238-million Cdn, to be recorded in the third quarter.

In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced it will pay $350-million US to
settle its part of the megaclaims suit. JPMorgan agreed in June to pay
$2.2-billion US to Enron shareholders to settle its part of the class-action
suit.

Earlier this month, CIBC agreed to pay $250-million US in the megaclaims suit,
while also agreeing to a $2.4-billion-US settlement -- the largest so far -- in
the class action.

And in late July, Royal Bank of Canada agreed to pay $25-million US in a
megaclaims settlement, plus $24-million US so its bankruptcy claims against
Enron would no longer be subordinated.

Enron has sued 10 banks, alleging they "aided and abetted fraud" and could have
prevented the company's collapse.

The former energy trader, which filed for bankruptcy in 2001, is liquidating its
operations and restructuring its business units for distribution to its
creditors. Money from yesterday's settlements will also go to creditors.

New York-based JPMorgan said it does not expect its settlement, which is still
subject to approval by the bankruptcy court, to have a "material adverse impact"
on earnings.

"With today's agreement, we have put behind us another significant piece of our
Enron exposure," said William Harrison, JPMorgan's chairman and CEO.

And TD's Clark said: "I want to be clear that agreeing to this settlement does
not change our view of where TD stands with respect to Enron. We did not have a
close relationship with Enron. Indeed, Enron itself noted that TD had a modest
role relative to others in this case."

The Canadian bank will also pay $20-million US "to resolve alleged bankruptcy
avoidance claims." The claims relate to payments made by Enron to creditors in
the three years before Enron declared bankruptcy.

And it will pay $60-million US so that Enron will allow about $320-million US in
claims against the former energy trader that TD had transferred to third
parties.

TD made those two payments "because the economics remained favourable to do so,"
Clark points out.

Dominion Bond Rating Service called the settlement "modestly positive as
litigation risk is reduced, although the class-action suit remains outstanding."

"DBRS believes the resolution of class action lawsuits remains unpredictable,"
the agency said in a release.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2005 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 19, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A Shareholder Rebellion;
Investors Demand Answers From Archer-Daniels

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1377 words


One Sunday evening in July, a succession of telephone calls were placed to
unpublished numbers for some of the fax machines at the Archer-Daniels-Midland
Company in Decatur, Ill. At almost the same time, fax machines at the offices of
some of the company's directors hummed to life.

The machines spat out a letter addressed to the directors and company lawyers.
The anonymous writer, claiming to represent a group calling itself the ADM
Shareholders Watch Committee, raised allegations against Archer-Daniels
executives, from price-fixing to embezzlement.

While the mysterious letter offered no evidence for the charges, the writer
implored the company and its lawyers to investigate the matters aggressively and
to look out for the shareholders' interest. If they failed, the letter said, the
company and its directors would face the wrath of its investors.

"Fifty thousand shareholders are a sleeping giant that is waking up to the
alarming actions" of the top officers of Archer-Daniels, the letter said.

Only now, months after Archer-Daniels disclosed that the Federal Government was
investigating possible illegal activities at the company, is it learning how
prescient that anonymous warning was.

As the company and some former executives exchange accusations of price-fixing,
embezzlement and illegal pay schemes , institutional investors in the
agricultural giant have staged what is becoming one of the biggest revolts in
corporate history. Many are angry at what they describe as years of being
ignored by senior company officers, who they contend have done little to respond
to their concerns about the Federal inquiries into the company's conduct.

The investors are vowing to shake up the board, contending that Archer-Daniels's
directors -- many of them famous names from business and politics -- are not
independent of the company's chairman, Dwayne O. Andreas. A number of large
shareholders, including the big pension funds for state workers in California
and New York, have declared that when Archer-Daniels convenes its annual meeting
today in Decatur, they will symbolically withhold their votes to re-elect the
board -- the investors' only option, since there is no alternate slate of
directors.

The revolt involves institutional investors across the board, according to Sarah
Teslik, executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors. "By far,
this is the largest number of our members that have ever done anything with
respect to withholding votes for a company's board," Ms. Teslik said.

How one of the nation's largest and most politically influential corporations
ended up in such a fight is a complicated tale that raises questions not only
about possible crimes, but also about corporate governance at Archer-Daniels.
The company has not publicly responded to the shareholder furor.

Besides embittering some big shareholders by leaving them in the dark about the
investigations, experts on governance said the directors might have fallen short
of recently toughened Federal standards for board scrutiny of alleged corporate
misconduct. Indeed, some experts say, the ways the directors have dealt with the
investigations could portend more problems down the road with the Government.

Public attention began to focus on Archer-Daniels on June 28, when the company
and a number of its top officers -- including Mark E. Whitacre, the head of its
bioproducts division -- were served with subpoenas in a criminal investigation
into possible price-fixing at the company.

Federal authorities played excerpts of tape recordings to some of the senior
officers who received subpoenas -- tapes that the Government believed had
captured those executives engaging in a price-fixing conspiracy, people close to
the company said. While such tactics are traditionally used in hopes of
persuading subpoena recipients to acknowledge wrongdoing and cooperate in
investigations, no senior officers did so.

Within days, though, Archer-Daniels got another shock: the subpoena to Mr.
Whitacre had been a ruse. Mr. Whitacre had been working with prosecutors and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation for almost three years, tape-recording thousands
of conversations.

At that point, experts said, with so many indications before them of possible
wrongdoing at the senior reaches of the company, Archer-Daniels directors should
have immediately looked to a recent case brought by the Securities and Exchange
Commission that spoke directly to such a situation.

In that case, involving the Cooper Companies, a New Jersey health care concern,
the S.E.C. cited directors for failing to conduct an adequate independent
investigation when they learned that the company's top officers were suspected
by the Government of participating in corporate crimes. Senior executives under
Government scrutiny continued to help run the company, and did not answer
certain questions from the board.

"When a board is confronted with serious indications of management wrongdoing,
they have got an obligation under Cooper to investigate for themselves what in
fact happened," said Thomas Newkirk, the associate director of enforcement at
the S.E.C. "And if they learn of wrongdoing, they have an obligation to take
prompt corrective action."

Such action, experts said, under the Cooper decision would include dismissing
executives suspected of wrongdoing or placing them under administrative leave.

But at Archer-Daniels, while a litigation committee made up of nine directors
was established to respond to lawsuits spawned by the Government probe, neither
the committee nor its lawyers with the New York law firm of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett are independently investigating the charges, people working with the
company said.

Instead, the committee, whose co-chairmen are Brian Mulroney, the former
Canadian Prime Minister, and John H. Daniels, a former company chairman, is
relying primarily on information from advisers whose primary duty is defending
the company and its managers. Those advisers include Williams & Connolly, the
Washington law firm that is representing the company in its defense against the
Government inquiries.

Williams & Connolly is conveying information it develops to the directors'
committee, often through the board's lawyers at Simpson Thacher, people close to
Archer-Daniels said.

By relying on such a process, the directors may not obtain the kind of
information an independent investigation would yield, experts said.

"It is not clear to me that a firm that is criminal defense counsel is going to
easily give over documents to another firm that is looking at the board's need
to resolve what happened and who is responsible," said John C. Coffee Jr., a
professor at Columbia University Law School.

Of particular concern, experts and investors said, are the intertwined
relationships between the directors and senior management of Archer-Daniels.
Many of the directors are either members of Mr. Andreas' family or longtime
friends and business colleagues. That instills a heightened requirement that the
directors do everything in their power to find a way to conduct an independent
investigation, experts said.

And the board is facing other problems similar to those in the Cooper case. For
example, at Cooper, a senior officer under investigation for wrongdoing refused
to answer questions from the board, citing his Fifth Amendment privilege against
self-incrimination. That, the S.E.C. said, should have automatically resulted in
that executive being placed on leave.

At Archer-Daniels, as well, the directors have not been able to hear some
relevant information. People close to the board said at least one senior
executive who was confronted in June with excerpts of the Government's tape
recordings had not yet told the company or the directors what he heard --
information that is central to understanding whether that person or other
executives had engaged in wrongdoing.

"The A.D.M. board definitely has a Cooper problem," said Mr. Coffee. . "The
board has gone slowly, it has had a number of different problems coming up at
once and it hasn't clearly been able to establish an independent committee,
because almost everyone has a level of entangling relationships with
management."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The board of the Archer-Daniel-Midland Company, especially
those directors on the litigation committee, will be in the shareholders'
spotlight as proxies are counted at the company's annual meeting today.
(Photoillustration by Joe Zeff/The New York Times); Some shareholders feel the
board is not indpendent of Dwayne O. Andreas, chairman of Archer-Daniels, shown
listening to a translator. Mark E. Whitacre, the former head of Archer-Daniel's
bioproducts division, tape-recorded thousands of conversations for prosecutors
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (Associated Press)(pg. D1)

Graph showing Archer-Daniels-Midland daily closing stock prices from June to
Oct. (Source: Datastream)(pg. D5)


                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 12, 1999, Friday

FBI: HOOD FETED CADE IN BIG APPLE

BYLINE: By LUKE CYPHERS and JERRY CAPECI Daily News Staff Writers

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  116

LENGTH: 489 words


A New York gangster tied to a point-shaving probe at UCLA accompanied star
quarterback Cade McNown in the Big Apple the weekend of the Heisman Trophy
presentation, a federal source said.

FBI and UCLA officials yesterday said a federal investigation into links between
Bruin players and Colombo capo Dominick (Donny Shacks) Montemarano found no
evidence of wrongdoing by any football players.

But the UCLA athletic director, Peter Dalis, said members of the team dined and
watched "Monday Night Football" at Montemarano's Los Angeles home on several
occasions last fall.

A federal source close to the investigation said Montemarano, who served 11
years for a 1987 federal racketeering conviction, was seen in New York with
McNown and members of his family the weekend of Dec. 12. McNown could not be
reached for comment yesterday.

At its press conference yesterday, UCLA said its players cooperated fully with
the FBI probe. Federal agents interviewed at least four members of the team,
including McNown.

The FBI's Los Angeles office released a statement acknowledging the
investigation, saying it failed to find evidence of wrongdoing.

"No corroborating information has been obtained which supports allegations of
any wrongdoing by any members of the football team," the statement said. "Unless
additional information comes to the (FBI's) attention, no further investigation
will be conducted."

During the joint probe by the Los Angeles and New York FBI offices, Montemarano
and McNown described as a "squeaky-clean" Christian by his coach were observed
dining together at Sparks Steak House, the site of the 1985 mob rubout of
mafioso Paul Castellano.

McNown and family members were seen visiting the Brooklyn stamping grounds of
Donny Shacks, who has an organized-crime rap sheet dating to the '60s.
Montemarano "took them to the old neighborhood. And he took them to Sparks," the
federal official said.

McNown was a Heisman finalist.

The 60-year-old Montemarano, who was released from federal prison in 1996, is
under mandatory federal supervision until 2003 and now resides in Los Angeles.
He obtained permission to make the New York trip from federal probation
officials in Studio City, Calif.

The Bruins were 10-0 and ranked No. 2 in the country, but lost their final two
games, to Miami and Wisconsin. They were favored in both. Dalis said the FBI has
photographs of four or five UCLA players socializing with Montemarano. "My
understanding was they had attended some social events into his home for 'Monday
Night Football' on several occasions," Dalis said. "My understanding is they had
no understanding of this guy's background."

UCLA coach Bob Toledo yesterday defended McNown, a possible first-round pick in
next month's NFL draft. "Cade McNown is a squeaky-clean boy," Toledo said. "I
think they probably met this guy, someone introduced them, they thought he was a
nice guy."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 17, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING;
We put 'Spotlight' on fairness

BYLINE: Shawn McIntosh; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 721 words


In the film "Spotlight," an actress playing reporter Sacha Pfeiffer knocks on
the door of a former priest. She confronts him with questions about whether he
molested boys in two Boston parishes more than a decade earlier.

The scene depicts the toughest moment in any investigative reporter's work, and
perhaps the most important.

Unfortunately, not all journalists are as skilled and sensitive as the Pfeiffer
character in their interactions with those accused of wrongdoing.

I was so glad to see in the movie that she did not mislead him with softball
questions to try to get in the door, or describe some vague storyline such as
saying that she was looking into the ways priests were moved from parish to
parish.

We can't build trust with story subjects or audiences if we are not upfront
about what we are investigating. Finding out the truth demands a rigorous and
empathetic effort to understand the motivations and actions of anyone accused of
wrongdoing. That means fully disclosing what we are investigating early enough
in the process to give the truth the best shot of emerging.

In our newsroom, I'm a passionate advocate of not surprising anyone who becomes
the subject of our investigative reporting. This "No Surprises" guideline means,
as much as possible in a deadline-driven news world, people we are writing about
should know precisely what they are accused of --- even if they don't want to
talk to us about it. No one should be confronted right before deadline with a
story we've been working on for weeks. And certainly no one should learn that he
or she is accused of serious wrongdoing, or what those allegations are, by
reading the newspaper.

As a longtime investigations editor, I've encountered plenty of resistance to
this idea. I know all the arguments --- chiefly, that showing our cards can
allow someone to shape the story more favorably by taking pre-emptive steps
before publication.

I think most newsrooms make that argument less frequently these days. We've
become more attuned to fairness as we have worked to earn the public's trust.
But too often in other newsrooms, and occasionally in ours, I see journalists
give only lip-service or a cursory embrace to "No Surprises."

What's a cursory embrace look like? I can think of at least four practices:

* Waiting until very late in a lengthy reporting process to contact key players
in a story.

* Accepting a "no comment" from someone facing serious allegations without doing
the extensive work needed to familiarize him or her with the allegations.

* Assuming unnamed bit players in a story don't need to be contacted for a
response because they are not named.

* Holding back tough questions to the end of an interview or being vague about
the nature of a story.

These tactics are rarely effective.

Instead, we should attempt to engage deeply with anyone who can illuminate the
story --- including the story's least sympathetic characters. We should reveal
what we are investigating and why. (A corollary to that is we should avoid
"locking in" on a specific story line until the reporting is complete. So
describing what we are investigating takes some care and caution.)

Some journalists believe that a "decline to comment" absolves us of our
responsibility to detail our findings before publishing. I disagree. Whenever
possible, we should let subjects of our stories know that we will pursue and
possibly publish a story regardless of whether they cooperate, and we should
outline the allegations even if they won't agree to go on the record.

Is it tricky and difficult? Of course. What if the story subject says some facts
in the story are wrong but won't agree to be quoted?

That's a dilemma I'd rather face before publication.

I tell reporters that if a person featured in a story is going to criticize the
story, dispute the facts or argue that we used material incorrectly, I'd rather
find that out before the story is published. That's why we do extensive
callbacks and fact-checking on major investigative projects prior to
publication. We'll even read back quotes to describe the context in which they
are used.

All of this is in pursuit of accuracy. It has a side benefit of building trust
in our profession. After all, we require transparency every day. Why would we be
less-than-transparent about our own questions and findings before we publish?

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Appearing in the film "Spotlight" as journalists are (from left)
Rachel McAdams as Sacha Pfeiffer, Mark Ruffalo as Michael Rezendes and Brian
d'Arcy James as Matt Carroll. McAdams and Ruffalo were nominated for Academy
Awards on Thursday for their supporting roles in the movie about investigative
journalism by The Boston Globe. Kerry Hayes / Open Road Films/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

City officials say no crime committed at firing range

BYLINE: Harrison Grimwood, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 268 words


June 04--City officials are abstaining from releasing personnel information in
regard to allegations of police wrongdoing at a firing range.

Muskogee Police Officer Lincoln Anderson, a spokesman for the Muskogee Police
Department, said alleged incidents at the firing range are a "personnel issue,
and we're not going to comment on it."

Interim City Manager Roy Tucker said there was an internal investigation at the
police department for potential policy violations.

"Any alleged wrongdoings have been thoroughly investigated and properly
disciplined," Tucker said.

The Phoenix submitted an Open Records Request for all final disciplinary actions
that resulted "in loss of pay, suspension, demotion of position, or
termination."

Acting Muskogee City Attorney Matthew C. Beese said his office will review the
request and respond in a timely manner. Tucker said he can neither confirm, nor
deny allegations that Muskogee police were involved in wrongdoing at the
department's firing range.

Tucker said the internal investigation was completed in the last week of May and
did not reveal any criminal wrongdoing.

"There was nothing that was referred to the (district attorney's) office," he
said.

Had a crime been committed, he said, city officials would have "referred it to
the proper prosecutorial authority."

The city is standing behind the privacy of the personnel, Tucker said.

Reach Harrison Grimwood at (918) 684-2926 or
harrison.grimwood@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2016 Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160604-XK-City-officials-say-no-crime-committed-at-firing-range-20160604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2016 Muskogee Phoenix


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 11, 1995 Friday FINAL EDITION

CLOSED DOORS WON'T DO THE NATION SHOULD HEAR DIRECTLY FROM THE WOMEN WHO SAY A
U.S. SENATOR SEXUALLY HARASSED THEM. /

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 524 words


Usually, when the august Senate manages to summon the will to investigate and
punish one of its members, the wrongdoing involves money. For example, the bogus
expenses and book-deal money pocketed by Minnesota's Dave Durenberger, or the
Abscam cash taken by New Jersey's Harrison Williams.

There's a unique twist to the case of Sen. Bob Packwood (R., Ore.), who heads
the powerful, tax-writing Finance Committee. For the first time, the Senate is
confronted with people who claim to be victims of a senator's wrongdoing.

They include staff members, job applicants, lobbyists, an elevator operator, a
hotel desk clerk, a babysitter and others. They all describe Sen. Packwood as a
lecherous creep who mauled them.

His alleged behavior is so disgusting that the Ethics Committee ought to hold
public hearings. The case for hearings is all the stronger now that a young
woman has told the committee that Mr. Packwood made a pass at her when she was a
17-year-old intern in his office.

The panel, which has found "substantial, credible evidence" of wrongdoing
against the women (and other official misdeeds), has heard the accused senator's
side of the story in three days of closed-door testimony.

The women also want a chance to tell their stories in person - not just in dry
depositions - and nine of them have asked for public hearings. They deserve that
opportunity.

Making such hearings public is the best way to show that the Senate takes
charges of sexual misconduct seriously, which is something the nation's most
exclusive club still needs to do.

And, frankly, public hearings would mean that Sen. Packwood would not escape
deserved humiliation for his acts - no matter what the solons of the Ethics
Committee decide to do about him.

That committee deadlocked 3-3 over holding public hearings, with all three GOP
members voting to spare their fellow Republican the embarrassment. What a
surprise.

The full Senate also voted 52-48, mostly along partly lines, against requiring
the committee to hold public hearings anytime a preliminary inquiry finds
substantial, credible evidence of wrongdoing.

(Showing enough chutzpah to fill the Capitol dome, Mr. Packwood voted on the
measure even though it directly involved him.)

It's not just a bunch of Democrats out for a partisan field day who say that
these charges of sexual misconduct ought to be aired openly.

Leaders of conservative, family-oriented organizations such as the Family
Research Council have also called for public hearings.

Some Democrats have claimed that this would be the first time the Ethics
Committee failed to hold hearings in cases that go past a preliminary inquiry.
That's misleading at best. The only witness who testified in the case of Mr.
Durenberger, for example, was the senator himself.

Still, the women deserve to be heard directly. Would this embarrass the
institution?

On the contrary, says Sen. Olympia J. Snowe (R., Maine): "It is by our lack of
action . . . by our failure to hold open hearings . . . and by our embrace of
the institutional sanctuary of closed doors that we would embarrass this
institution."

Amen.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Former Bear Stearns executives acquitted of lying to investors;
Wall Street test case U.S. sought convictions for financial crisis

BYLINE: Zachary A. Goldfarb

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 783 words


The government's most prominent criminal case against Wall Street executives
accused of wrongdoing in the financial crisis collapsed Tuesday as a jury found
two former Bear Stearns hedge-fund managers not guilty of charges they lied to
investors when their investments in subprime mortgages turned sour.

The acquittal of former Bear Stearns executives Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin
dealt a blow to the government's efforts to hold financial executives criminally
responsible for the crisis. The jury's decision capped a two-year drama that
began in the summer of 2007, when a pair of hedge funds run by Cioffi and Tannin
crumbled, sparking a series of events that led to Bear Stearns's collapse in
March 2008 and the ensuing economic meltdown.

With dozens of ongoing investigations into potential criminal wrongdoing at the
largest financial companies in the country, the verdict underscores the
government's challenge in making the case that Wall Street executives broke the
law -- rather than made bad decisions -- in loading up on the risky investments
that crippled the financial system.

"I think, and I've always thought, that making successful criminal cases out of
the financial meltdown is going to be very difficult for prosecutors," said
David Siegal, a former federal prosecutor now in private practice. "You have to
prove that somebody intended to defraud their investors as opposed to just being
horrible at their jobs."

Cioffi and Tannin faced up to 20 years in prison on charges of conspiracy,
securities fraud and wire fraud. Cioffi was also acquitted on charges of insider
trading.

A federal grand jury indicted the men in June 2008. Prosecutors said 300
investors lost $1.6 billion.

The trial, in Brooklyn, lasted three weeks, and the jury deliberated for less
than two days.

Benton J. Campbell, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, said,
"We are disappointed by the outcome in this case" and "we accept their verdict."
Cioffi and Tannin still face wire fraud charges in the Southern District of New
York as well a Securities and Exchange Commission civil case.

Tannin and Cioffi released statements thanking the jury.

The case centered on whether Tannin and Cioffi gave their investors an overly
optimistic view of how their funds were weathering the subprime storm while
privately expressing deep concerns about the state of the market for
mortgage-backed securities.

The question is significant because many of the ongoing investigations into
financial companies are looking at whether executives made timely and truthful
disclosures to investors about the state of their businesses.

Legal experts said proving that executives lied to investors is generally far
simpler than showing that business decisions were criminal.

"Most of the cases that are going to be brought out of the subprime meltdown
will, in fact, revolve around false statements or omissions, or lying rather
than the actual substance of the meltdown itself," said Anthony Barkow,
executive director of the New York University Center on the Administration of
Criminal Law. "That is, they won't typically revolve around whether people
engaged in fraud by business practices that led to the meltdown."

In the Bear Stearns case, prosecutors alleged that Tannin and Cioffi misled
investors about the stability of their funds, about whether they were adding
personal money to the funds and about the level of redemptions they were
experiencing. Prosecutors said the defendants "lied over and over."

Defense lawyers said Tannin and Cioffi had no responsibility to inform investors
about their own investments in the funds, and accused prosecutors of taking
evidence out of context. They said that just about everyone was blindsided by
the financial crisis, bringing R. Glenn Hubbard, dean of Columbia University's
Graduate School of Business, who testified that the hedge funds collapsed
because lenders stopped making loans to them.

One e-mail that caused a stir was sent from Tannin to the e-mail account of
Cioffi's wife, saying that "the entire subprime market is toast." Prosecutors
used the e-mail to allege that Tannin and Cioffi knew about the risks in the
market but told investors in a conference call that "we're very comfortable with
exactly where we are."

But a government witness, a former Bear Stearns employee, surprised the court
when he testified that Cioffi's view of the market in that e-mail may have been
based on a misunderstanding of an analysis of subprime securities.

The employee suggested that some at Bear Stearns were still actually upbeat
about the funds, dealing a blow to prosecutors' case that Cioffi and Tannin had
one private set of views about the market and another public view.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Shannon Stapleton/reuters; Former Bear Stearns hedge-fund
manager Matthew Tannin, center, leaves U.S. District Court in New York after the
verdict.
IMAGE; Daniel Acker/bloomberg; Ralph Cioffi, center, a former hedge-fund
manager, after his June indictment. Investors lost $1.6 billion in the subprime
meltdown.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          September 6, 2012, Thursday

Agency lawyers to file whistleblower lawsuit;
Two on leave accuse DHHR of violating law, casting them in false light

BYLINE: RIVARD, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 658 words


The state Department of Health and Human Resources' two top lawyers plan to file
a whistleblower lawsuit against the department.

The two lawyers and a third senior DHHR staffer have been on paid leave since
mid-July. Members of the group questioned the department's decision to award a
marketing contract to the highest bidder.

The group includes DHHR's deputy secretary for legal affairs Susan Perry,
assistant secretary John Law and general counsel Jennifer Taylor.

On Tuesday, Perry and Taylor's attorney sent acting DHHR Secretary Rocco Fucillo
and Attorney General Darrell McGraw an obligatory warning that they plan to sue
the state.

The letter accuses DHHR employees of violating the state's whistleblower law and
specifically accuses Fucillo of casting Perry and Taylor in a false light.

"Ms. Perry and Ms. Taylor have been subjected to ongoing retaliation and
discrimination in their terms and conditions of employment in violation of the
Whistleblower Law," said the letter from Parkersburg employment attorney Walt
Auvil.

The state whistleblower law prohibits an employer from retaliating against
employees in any way for reporting wrongdoing or waste. Specifically, Auvil
cites wrongdoing related to the "substantial abuse, misuse, destruction or loss
of (government) funds or resources."

Fucillo barred Perry, Taylor and Law from DHHR's offices the week of July 16.
Officially, the three have been on some type of "reassignment," but it's unclear
what, if any, work they have been doing.

Auvil said "adverse employment actions have been taken and continue to be taken
against Ms. Perry and Ms. Taylor" because of legal advice the two gave the
department.

"Retaliation against an attorney for providing such honest legal advice is a
violation of the substantial public policy of the state of West Virginia," Auvil
said.

Fucillo's actions - and an internal investigation that's been launched within
DHHR - could make it appear that Perry, Taylor and Law have done something
wrong. But Auvil said Fucillo is only casting Taylor and Perry in a false light.

"The actions of Mr. Fucillo and other DHHR employees constitute publicity which
casts Ms. Perry and Ms. Taylor in a false light in the eyes not only of
co-workers and fellow employees but also third parties and the public at large,"
Auvil said.

So far, neither Fucillo nor anyone at DHHR has publicly explained why Perry,
Taylor and Law are on leave.

Indeed, if anything, public questions have focused more on Fucillo's unexplained
decision to put them on paid leave and DHHR's decision to award the contract in
the first place.

A number of judgment calls by a three-member evaluation team gave the highest
bidder, Ohio-based Fahlgren Mortine, a razor-thin victory over the lowest
bidder, the Charleston-based Arnold Agency.

A review of bid documents by the Daily Mail showed a number of these judgment
calls made by the evaluation committee helped Fahlgren or hurt the other three
bidders.

The marketing contract is worth at least $473,000. But because of the way the
state pays advertising agencies for their work, it's projected to be worth $3.5
million or more.

Without Perry and Taylor, some important work at DHHR has stalled, including one
of Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin's most important anti-drug measures. Taylor was working
on rules to stop "pill mills" from recklessly distributing painkillers to
addicts.

Likewise, without Perry, an effort to rewrite the state's antiquated laws
governing the care of people with mental illness has come to a screeching halt.

DHHR has also come under additional scrutiny. A recent legislative audit of the
department said its purchasing division should no longer be allowed to do large
procurements.

Asked last week if the governor had confidence in Fucillo, Tomblin gave a terse
reply.

"We are looking into the situation at DHHR right now," Tomblin said.

Contact writer Ry Rivard at ry. rivard@dailymail.com or 304-348-1796. Follow him
at www.twitter..com/ryrivard.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 9, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

S.E.C. Is Said to Press JPMorgan for an Admission of Wrongdoing

BYLINE: By BEN PROTESS and JESSICA SILVER-GREENBERG; Mark Scott contributed
reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1052 words


Updated, 8:56 p.m. | Federal regulators are seeking to level civil charges
against JPMorgan Chase and extract a rare admission of wrongdoing from the
nation's biggest bank as an investigation into a multibillion-dollar trading
loss enters its final stage.

If JPMorgan concedes to some wrongdoing in a settlement, such an admission would
set an important precedent for the Securities and Exchange Commission, coming
after decades of allowing defendants to ''neither admit nor deny wrongdoing.'' A
pact could come as soon as this fall, according to people briefed on the case,
who added that the agency had not threatened to charge JPMorgan executives in
the case.

The losses in the case -- which have now swelled to more than $6 billion --
stemmed from outsize derivatives wagers made by traders at JPMorgan's chief
investment office in London.

The S.E.C. has scrutinized the bank over whether the London traders falsified
records to hide the losses from executives in New York. The S.E.C., the people
said, could cite the bank for lax controls that allowed the traders to lowball
the value of the bets.

The bank is also bracing to pay a fine to a financial regulator in Britain, one
person said.

The inquiries have heated up in recent months, the people said, as government
authorities secured the cooperation of a former JPMorgan trader, Bruno Iksil,
who came to personify the botched trade. Mr. Iksil -- who earned the nickname
the ''London Whale'' because of the unusual size of the bet -- has met with
authorities in Brussels and New York.

As the S.E.C. inquiry progresses, a parallel criminal investigation is also
ramping up. The F.B.I. and federal prosecutors in Manhattan, after uncovering
internal e-mails and phone recordings, are examining whether the traders knew
the losses would amount to more than the $2 billion estimate the bank initially
provided to investors on May 10, 2012, say the people briefed on the matter, who
spoke on the condition of anonymity.

When federal investigators met this spring with Jamie Dimon, the bank's chief
executive and chairman, some of the e-mails enraged him, said people briefed on
the meeting. Mr. Dimon, who is not suspected of any wrongdoing, told
investigators that he was unaware traders were obscuring the losses when he held
the May 10, 2012, call.

Still, the trading losses left a rare stain on the bank's reputation. The
traders in London had breached the bank's own risk limits to make their credit
derivative trades -- pointing to a lack of controls at a bank once hailed for
its risk management.

The trading blowup, which came at time when regulators were writing rules to
curb risk-taking on Wall Street, added fuel to the debate over how much the
banks needed to be reined in. Mr. Dimon was called before Congressional hearings
and his annual compensation was cut in half. The losses also claimed the jobs of
several senior JPMorgan executives.

Yet it is hardly JPMorgan's only legal woe. Losing its status as Washington's
favorite bank, JPMorgan has drawn scrutiny over the last couple years, including
inquiries from at least eight federal agencies, a state regulator and two
European nations. In addition to the trading loss, the authorities are
investigating the bank in connection with its financial crisis-era mortgage
business. The bank, for example, disclosed on Wednesday that it faced a criminal
and civil investigation from federal prosecutors in California, who questioned
whether it sold shoddy mortgage securities to investors before the financial
crisis.

JPMorgan declined to comment, as did an S.E.C. spokesman.

The investigation into the trading losses hinges on the traders in London. As
their bet worsened, the traders started to underestimate the losses, according
to JPMorgan's own assessment of the trade.

Under federal rules, traders have leeway to value their losses. Yet, according
to a Senate subcommittee report that investigated the trading losses, the
traders moved from marking the value in a ''middle range'' to some of the most
generous possible figures.

The report, published in March, cited the bank's internal e-mails and phone
recordings, some of the same evidence that the S.E.C. is poring over.

In one phone call last year, the London Whale, Mr. Iksil, told a colleague that
the bank's estimated losses were ''getting idiotic.'' Mr. Iksil added that ''I
can't keep this going'' and that he did not know where his boss in London
''wants to stop.''

A junior trader in London, the subcommittee said, also told Mr. Iksil in a
recorded conversation, ''I am not marking at mids as per a previous
conversation.''

Part of the problem, government investigators suspect, was that the traders'
mounting concerns were not relayed to the upper echelons of the bank. JPMorgan's
controller, for example, issued an internal report in May 2012 that essentially
cleared the traders of wrongdoing, saying their valuations were ''consistent
with industry practices.''

Mr. Dimon has apologized for relying on such assurances from his deputies. And
last July, the bank restated its first-quarter 2012 earnings downward by $459
million, conceding errors in the valuations.

''We questioned the integrity of those trader marks,'' Douglas Braunstein, then
the bank's chief financial officer, said at the time.

As JPMorgan hashes out its settlement with the S.E.C., the bank is negotiating
over the language of the charges. If JPMorgan admits to wrongdoing related to
the traders' improper bookkeeping, among other problems, the move could
encourage shareholder lawsuits against the bank.

The rare push for an admission of wrongdoing stems from a policy change
championed by the S.E.C.'s new chairwoman, Mary Jo White, a former federal
prosecutor and Wall Street defense lawyer.

The leaders of the S.E.C. enforcement unit, George Canellos and Andrew Ceresney,
detailed the shift in a memo in June, saying some cases might ''justify
requiring the defendant's admission of allegations in our complaint.''

Yet, in a twist, Mr. Ceresney and Ms. White have recused themselves from the
JPMorgan case, according to the people briefed on the matter. They did so
because of their past ties to JPMorgan: both represented the bank in private
practice.

Mark Scott contributed reporting from London

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/08/08/inquiry-into-jpmorgans-trading-loss-enter
s-final-stage/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A Chase bank in Manhattan. Regulators are negotiating with the
bank to settle civil charges related to a huge trading loss. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
LESLYE DAVIS/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1)
JPMorgan's headquarters in Manhattan, above. Jamie Dimon, the bank's chief, has
said he was unaware that traders were concealing their losses. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS
 RICHARD DREW/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Breaking Laws in the Mortgage Bubble

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 467 words


The government won a big victory this week in a case against two banks that were
found to have systematically deceived investors about shoddy mortgage securities
they peddled during the housing bubble. ''The magnitude of falsity,
conservatively measured, is enormous,'' wrote Judge Denise Cote of Federal
District Court in Manhattan in a strongly worded 361-page ruling.

The banks are Nomura Holdings of Japan and the Royal Bank of Scotland. The
investors are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government-run mortgage agencies.
The case was brought by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the overseer of
Fannie and Freddie.

The government's victory in this case raises an interesting question: If the
relatively unknown housing finance agency could prevail over foreign banks, why
haven't far more powerful regulators and prosecutors at the Department of
Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission done more to expose and
redress wrongdoing by big Wall Street banks in the mortgage bubble?

The post-bubble role of the housing finance agency has been important but
relatively narrow: to recoup losses attributable to securities law violations
and, in some cases, fraud by banks that sold mortgages to Fannie and Freddie. It
has settled most of its suits, and it went to court against Nomura and R.B.S.
when the two refused to settle. Assuming an expected appeal fails, the banks
will owe damages estimated at about $500 million.

The Justice Department and the S.E.C., by contrast, have a broader obligation to
enforce rights and laws and to punish and deter wrongdoing, a mission that comes
with vast investigatory and enforcement powers. Yet in cases involving major
banks and the mortgage bubble, they have acted as if their main job is to
extract fines. They have relied almost exclusively on big settlements without
demanding accountability. Banks have rarely been required to admit wrongdoing,
and names have rarely been named.

Moreover, the Justice Department has approached the process in a way that has
sidestepped the need for a judge to sign off on the mortgage-related
settlements, a procedure intended to ensure that settlement deals are in the
public interest.

The trial against Nomura and R.B.S. rebuts the widespread notion that banks'
greed during the bubble did not amount to lawbreaking, that somehow it was the
housing crash, and not deceptive practices, that caused the bonds to collapse.
And it is a reminder that the banks that settled, by avoiding a detailed public
airing of their conduct, have been shielded from full accountability for the
consequences of their behavior. This does not bode well for the stability of the
economy or the rule of law.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/16/opinion/breaking-laws-in-the-mortgage-bubble.h
tml

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

Row at Capitol over lawmakers' calendars

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati

LENGTH: 609 words


A groundbreaking tentative court ruling that orders the release of two disgraced
state lawmakers' appointment schedules has sparked "great consternation" at the
Capitol, an attorney for the Legislature told a judge Friday.

Attorney Fred Woocher's comments came during a hearing held a day after
Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny upheld a lawsuit filed by the Bay
Area News Group and Los Angeles News Group seeking calendars and other records
maintained by former state senators Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello. The two were indicted last year on corruption charges.

"There are 120 legislators under the assumption that their calendars are
confidential," said Woocher, who is fighting to have the tentative ruling
reversed.

The Legislature has argued that lawmakers' appointment schedules should be kept
private to ensure their safety - as well as their ability to engage with an
array of stakeholders on thorny policy issues without being hindered by fear of
public scrutiny about which advocates get to meet with legislators.

And for the first time, Woocher argued that Yee and Calderon's calendars
shouldn't be released because they're "categorically exempt" from public records
laws that require disclosure, meaning they shouldn't be released under any
circumstances.

"Even if the court were to engage in balancing, the balance weighs against
disclosure," Woocher said. "Disclosure of these records has no value."

But in the cases of Yee and Calderon - who have been charged with crimes that
include public corruption, racketeering, weapons trafficking, mail fraud and
money laundering - the public's right to know more about their wrongdoing
outweighs any need for secrecy, Kenny wrote in the tentative ruling.

"To the extent these alleged activities occurred under the guise of the
legislators' official duties is even more concerning," Kenny wrote.

Files Â» Page 4

Friday's hearing offered both sides a last chance to seek modifications to the
tentative ruling or to change the judge's mind entirely.

Attorney Duffy Carolan, who represents the newspaper groups, disagreed with
Woocher's new contention about blanket exemptions to state laws on public
records. Speaking with reporters after the hearing, she said this argument has
never been tested in a California court before - and that whatever the judge
decides will set precedent.

"It would be a big loss if the public's interest was completely ignored,"
Carolan said.

Both newspaper groups are owned by Digital First Media, the parent company of
the Times-Standard.

If Kenny rejects the Legislature's plea to exempt all lawmakers' calendars from
public disclosure, Woocher asked the judge to consider ordering redactions so
that the only information released pertains to meetings referenced in the
indictments.

Doing so would protect the reputations of people who held legitimate meetings
with the disgraced lawmakers on the same dates they're alleged to have engaged
in wrongdoing, Woocher said.

"There's a desire for people to meet (privately) and have their viewpoints
heard," he said.

"The impact of a single order releasing calendars on a single day will be felt
now and into the future," Woocher added, urging the judge to reconsider.

Carolan, however, said the newspaper groups' requests are narrow enough.

"We have made focused requests that go to serious allegations of misconduct of a
serious nature," she said. "It's not wrongdoing of a pedestrian nature. This
conduct undermines the whole government."

Kenny is expected to issue a final ruling in the case within 90 days.

Contact Jessica Calefati at 916-441-2101. Follow her at Twitter.com/Calefati.

Files

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 7, 2008

Oregon Supreme Court rules Boy Scout's sex abuse claim not time-barred

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461  words


A Boy Scout's claim of sexual abuse by a municipal police officer accrued when
he discovered the city's role in the wrongdoing and not at the time of the
abuse, the Oregon Supreme Court has ruled.

The police department operated a Boy Scout program in which the plaintiff
participated. When the plaintiff was 16, a police officer began serving him
alcohol and making sexual comments to him. The officer then began touching the
plaintiff inappropriately and, finally, he sexually molested him.

When the boy tried to distance himself from his abuser, the officer threatened
him in order to continue contact. The plaintiff escaped by graduating from high
school early and joining the army.

When the plaintiff was 22, he learned from a newspaper article that another
officer on the force had been arrested on charges of serving alcohol to a minor.
He phoned a number that the article included for purposes of assisting the state
police in their investigation.

In subsequent interviews, the plaintiff reported his experience with the officer
six years earlier. During this process, which included attendance at a grand
jury proceeding, the plaintiff learned that department members may have
permitted the sexual abuse by failing to implement Boy Scout policies and
procedures to prevent abuse.

The plaintiff subsequently filed a§1983 claim against the police.

The defendants argued that the plaintiff's claim was time-barred.

The Oregon Supreme Court disagreed.

"In this case, the specific question presented is whether the only conclusion
that a reasonable jury could have reached was that plaintiff's knowledge [at the
time of the abuse] should have alerted him to the possibility that the city
played a causal role in his abuse, that a reasonable person in plaintiff's
circumstances would have investigated that possible role, and that such an
investigation would have disclosed facts indicating the city's role. "

While "a reasonable jury could have reached that conclusion," the court said,
it's "not the only conclusion a reasonable jury could have reached. [The
officer's] wrongful acts were very personal and private. Although some of those
acts were committed while [he] was on duty, others were not, and the nature of
the acts did not necessarily indicate that [he] committed them within the scope
of his employment. "

Further, "[t]he city's liability necessarily required proof of municipal
wrongdoing -wrongdoing of a different kind than [the officer's]. A reasonable
jury could have found that, at the time of the abuse, the plaintiff did not
suspect the city itself of causing him harm, and that plaintiff's state of mind
at that time was a reasonable one. "

Oregon Supreme Court. T.R. v. The Boy Scouts of America, No. SC S054071. March
13, 2008. Lawyers USA No. 9939507.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 16, 1996, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

BOX OFFICE

BYLINE: Hollywood Reporter

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 02D

LENGTH: 114 words


- RAIN MAN: Francis Ford Coppola will direct the movie version of John Grisham's
"The Rainmaker," which begins filming in the fall. Grisham has written the
screen adaptation. "The Rainmaker," Grisham's best- selling novel, tells of a
law school grad who takes on a powerful and corrupt company in a case involving
a multibillion-dollar insurance scam.

-SHEEN TEST: Charlie Sheen will star in "Money Talks," an action- comedy that is
expected to start shooting this summer. "Money" involves a con artist (Chris
Tucker) who is catapulted to celebrity when he is wrongly accused of killing a
cop in a prison riot. The only person who can save him is a dense TV newsman
(Sheen).

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: Here are the Top 10 weekend box-office receipts for Atlanta.
 Numbers in parentheses show how films ranked nationally.
 1. "Thin Line Between Love and Hate" (5) $ 209,777
 2. "Primal Fear" (1) $ 96,161
 3. "Fear" (4) $ 86,693
 4. "James and the Giant Peach" (2) $ 72,019
 5. "The Birdcage" (3) $ 71,889
 6. "Executive Decision" (7) $ 43,620
 7. "Sgt. Bilko" (6) $ 41,498
 8. "Oliver and Company" (9) $ 32,626
 9. "Flirting With Disaster" (8) $ 24,936
 10. "Up Close & Personal" (11) $ 24,533
 Source: Entertainment Data Inc.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 19, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Paine Webber Settles Charges by S.E.C.

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 18


Paine Webber Inc. agreed today not to open new accounts at five of its offices
for 30 days to settle Federal charges of poorly supervising employees.

The charges by the Securities and Exchange Commission stem from reported
wrongdoing by account executives -- including fraud and theft -- during the late
1980's at Paine Webber offices in Birmingham, Ala.; Beverly Hills, Calif.;
Northbrook, Ill.; Oakbrook, Ill., and Houston.

Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Paine Webber agreed to settle the
charges and to submit to the 30-day ban against opening new accounts at the five
offices involved.


Outside Consultant

In addition, Paine Webber must hire an outside consultant to advise the firm on
handling sales practices and conduct training seminars for all supervisors and
managers at branch offices.

Between November 1986 and June 1988, according to the S.E.C., Paine Webber
account executives at the four offices engaged in abusive sales practices
including misleading clients about the riskiness of some investments, stealing
money from customer accounts and selling unsuitable investments.

In the Birmingham office, one employee was accused of buying blocks of index
options and then allocating profitable trades to his own accounts and
unprofitable trades to two customers.

An employee at the Beverly Hills office was accused of stealing $114,500 from
three of his customers.

At the office in Northbrook, Ill., an account executive was accused of aiding
the improper sale of restricted stock by a customer in 1989.
 Joe Grano, president of retail sales and marketing for Paine Webber, noted the
reported wrongdoing involved only six brokers out of 5,100.

"We're very sorry that a few people within our organization have caused the
S.E.C. to take such enforcement action," he said adding: "We entered into the
agreement with the Government because we support its efforts to protect the
investing public. Neither Paine Webber nor the public should or will tolerate
any misconduct on the part of any broker. Not ours, not anyone's."

None of the account executives were identified by the S.E.C.

"The investigation is continuing," said William McLucas, head of the S.E.C.'s
enforcement division. "This matter puts the case against the firm behind the
commission for now, but you should not assume that because the individuals are
not dealt with today that this is the end of it," he added.

Mr. Grano said all but one of the account executives involved had either left
the company or been dismissed and most were no longer in the securities
industry.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 20, 1993, Saturday

CORRECTION:

An article by The Associated Press in Business Day yesterday, about the
settlement of Securities and Exchange Commission charges against Paine Webber
Inc. for poor supervision of employees, misstated the number of offices that are
subject to a 30-day ban on opening new accounts. Four branch offices face the
ban. The office in Northbrook, Ill., was cited in the settlement but was not
included in the ban because its violations were deemed less serious.


                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                           August 17, 2005 Wednesday

TD settles Enron claims

BYLINE: Flynn, Andrew, CP

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 591  words


Despite disavowing any wrongdoing in the Enron affair, TD Bank has agreed to pay
$130 million US to settle some of the legal fallout surrounding the U.S. energy
giant's collapse.

'In making this settlement, we denied any wrongdoing or liability, ' CEO Ed
Clark said in a conference call after the announcement Tuesday.

'We have agreed to a negotiated settlement because we thought it was preferable
to the time, expense and unpredictability of litigation.'

Under the settlement, TD Bank will make a pre-tax payment of $50 million US in
cash to Enron Corp. to resolve alleged common-law claims related to the
'megaclaims' lawsuit filed by Enron in relation to its bankruptcy.

Toronto-based TD (TSX:TD) also said it will add $300 million US to its reserve
for a securities class-action lawsuit pending in Texas, resulting in an
after-tax charge of $238 million Cdn, to be recorded in the third quarter.

In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase and Co. announced Tuesday it will pay $350 million
US to settle its part of the megaclaims suit. JPMorgan agreed in June to pay
$2.2 billion US to Enron shareholders to settle its part of the class-action
suit.

Earlier this month, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (TSX:CM) agreed to pay
$250 million US in the megaclaims suit, while also agreeing to a $2.4-billion-US
settlement - the largest so far - in the class action.

And in late July, Royal Bank of Canada (TSX:RY) agreed to pay $25 million in a
megaclaims settlement, plus $24 million so its bankruptcy claims against Enron
would no longer be subordinated.

Enron has sued 10 banks, alleging they 'aided and abetted fraud' and could have
prevented the company's collapse.

The former energy trader, which filed for bankruptcy in 2001, is liquidating its
operations and restructuring its business units for distribution to its
creditors. Money from Tuesday's settlements will also go to creditors.

New York-based JPMorgan said it does not expect its settlement, which is still
subject to approval by the bankruptcy court, to have a 'material adverse impact'
on earnings.

'With today's agreement, we have put behind us another significant piece of our
Enron exposure,' said William Harrison, JPMorgan's chairman and CEO, in a
statement.

And TD's Clark said, 'I want to be clear that agreeing to this settlement does
not change our view of where TD stands with respect to Enron. 'We did not have a
close relationship with Enron.

'Indeed, Enron itself noted that TD had a modest role relative to others in this
case.'

The Canadian bank will also pay $20 million US 'to resolve alleged bankruptcy
avoidance claims.' The claims relate to payments made by Enron to creditors in
the three years before Enron declared bankruptcy.

And it will pay $60 million US so that Enron will allow about $320 million US in
claims against the former energy trader that TD had transferred to third
parties.

TD made those two payments 'because the economics remained favourable to do so,'
Clark said.

Dominion Bond Rating Service (DBRS) called the settlement 'modestly positive as
litigation risk is reduced, although the class-action suit remains outstanding.'

'DBRS believes the resolution of class action lawsuits remains unpredictable,'
the agency said in a release, noting that TD's capital levels are 'reasonable
and some reserves are in place.'

Standard and Poor's Ratings Services maintained its ratings on TD Bank bonds of
A+/Stable/A-1, saying the bank's expected charge to earnings was 'within our
expectations.'

TD shares lost five cents Tuesday on the Toronto Stock Exchange to close at
$55.51.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 10, 2013 Sunday

County animal shelter cleared of wrongdoing by BCSO

BYLINE: Matthew Beaton, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 851 words


March 10--PANAMA CITY -- Bay County Sheriff's Office, after a months-long
investigation, has cleared Bay County Animal Control of wrongdoing in its
euthanasia practices, finding only unintentional human error caused inaccurate
recordkeeping, not a willful intent to deceive.

But still the Florida Department of Health (DOH) has rendered no verdict in its
investigation of the shelter, according to the county. The county doesn't know
if the investigation has finished or not, and DOH's lead investigator did not
return a News Herald request for comment on Friday.

The county requested BCSO look into the shelter in early December after DOH's
investigation began reviewing euthanasia practices and record keeping.

Now BCSO has released its report concluding shelter employees made only
unintentional record-keeping mistakes. The investigations came after a shelter
volunteer filed a complaint that some sodium Phenobarbital was unaccounted for
based on the number of animals euthanized at the shelter.

But the BCSO report said the explanation was simple.

"It is clear in interviewing these employees that they will, oftentimes, inject
more into the animal than what is required simply for humane purposes," wrote
BCSO Capt. Steve Harbuck, lead investigator. "It is explained that the overdose
of this medication does not harm the animal but rather brings death quicker to
the animal and is more humane in the minds of these employees."

Also there's human error in the amount of the drug that goes into the syringe,
as well as the amount put into the animal, if they miss a vein, Harbuck said in
an interview.

"They don't want to see the animal suffer and then have to re-inject more. They
would rather it be very quick, and I can appreciate that," he said.

Harbuck said his study also presented some issues the county should correct.
Human error will always exist, but it must be limited. Also he said the
shelter's IT program for tracking euthanasia data has some glitches, which must
be fixed or a new program should be used.

But there's no mendacity afoot.

"Was there any intent to falsify public record? Absolutely not, there was none
of that, and there was no attempt to defraud the public from a public entity,"
Harbuck said.

UF to review

In light of the complaints, the county has brought in the University of Florida
through its Maddies's Shelter Medicine Program to review its policies and
procedures. The county already signed a memorandum of understanding with the
organization at the end of December.

County manager Ed Smith said there have been "several complaints" about its
shelter practices, so it was appropriate to bring the organization in to review
its practices. But he said complaints about a shelter are not abnormal.

"Any shelter that I've been with over the years has had problems because of its
very nature," he said.

Smith said the county wants an "independent eye" to tell it where it can
improve.

"We want them to pretty much come in and do a full wide swath of assessment of
what we're doing and how and give us some feedback," he said.

Commissioner gets involved

Also County Commission Chairman George Gainer wants to revamp some of animal
control's policies -- to ensure more animals are adopted, fewer are abandoned
and rules are uniform inside and outside the municipalities.

Gainer said animals need to be held the same amount of time regardless of
whether someone lives inside or outside of a city limits.

"We want to make the policies consistent," he said.

Also residents should know the shelter isn't there just to kill animals; it's
there to adopt them out, Gainer said. For that reason, he's considering a
show-on-the-road adoption group, which would take animals into Panama City one
day and Panama City Beach the next, in an effort to find more animals homes.

"It would make it easier for people to have access to these animals," he said.

Gainer said animals from the shelter have been shown at PetSmart and in front of
the Bay County Government Center with encouraging results.

"I think unless someone from our board gets really involved in this thing, we're
never going to get the attention that we need for the shelter and helping people
be aware of where it is," he said.

He said this can be done in conjunction with adoption groups. He wants it done
at least twice a week. He said the county could save a lot of money by getting
more animals adopted.

Also Gainer said some shelter policies are unreasonable, like the one where
people who surrender an animal are no longer eligible to adopt another one in
the future.

"I don't think it's conducive with putting good pets with good pet owners, and
it discourages somebody to turn one in, where they (could) just dump them out on
Tram Road," he said.

Also Gainer wants a policy where the county will come out to someone's home and
pick up an animal, if the person wants to surrender it. He said this will
prevent animals from being abandoned, which is not fair to them or neighbors in
the area.

___ (c)2013 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130310-PY-County-animal-shelter-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-by-BCSO-0310-20130310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2013 The News Herald


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DID WALKER PLAY POLITICS WITH JOB NEWS?

BYLINE: John Nichols

SECTION: SUNDAY OPINION; Views of The Capital Times; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 541 words


The first governor in Wisconsin history to have a criminal defense fund has
taken quite a bit of flack regarding the John Doe probe into allegations of
wrongdoing by his former and current aides, appointees and campaign donors.

And rightly so.

Several of the governor's longtime aides have been charged with felony and
misdemeanor violations. A top donor has pleaded guilty to felony wrongdoing with
regard to donations to the governor's 2010 campaign. And his current press
secretary is one of a number of Walker aides and associates who have sought
immunity in the probe by Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm.

At the heart of the probe, at least to this point, is a scandal in the Milwaukee
County executive's office when Walker served in that post. Documents related to
felony charges against top Walker aides suggest they went so far as to set up a
separate computer system inside the office and used staffers who were paid with
tax funds to do campaign work on behalf of Walker and his allies.

Considering the seriousness of the charges, and the trouble the probe has
already caused him (Walker has run up more than $55,000 in personal debts to
criminal- defense lawyers since last year), it was surprising that he would risk
charges that his office is now blurring the lines of public and campaign work in
the statehouse.

But that's what happened last week, when the embattled governor announced
"revised" jobs figures ? based on data that have not been verified by the
federal Bureau of Labor Statistics ? in the apparent hope he could create
confusion regarding BLS reports that Wisconsin during his term has suffered the
worst job losses of any state.

(On Thursday, new BLS figures indicated Wisconsin lost an additional 6,200 jobs
in April.) In his rush to promote what he thought would be more favorable
figures, Walker announced the "revised" numbers in press statements, social
media and public appearances ? organized and announced by the governor's
taxpayer-funded staff.

At the same time, his campaign produced slick commercials with the governor
announcing the news.

The commercials appeared at the same time as all the official promotion. And
they raise a question: Did the governor and his official appointees and aides
share the "news" with his campaign before it was announced to the people of
Wisconsin?

In other words: Did Walker and his aides blur the lines of official duties and
political campaigning?

The governor says "no," just as he says questions about the John Doe inquiry and
his criminal-defense fund are "bogus."

But watchdogs aren't so sure. The advocacy group One Wisconsin Now has filed
public record requests regarding what it describes as "the suspicious timing of
a new television ad from Gov. Walker's campaign, containing previously
undisclosed information from an administration jobs report, and denials of
consultation between the agency producing the report and the governor."

As with the John Doe probe, the question is whether the public officials who
were appointed by Walker the executive collected checks from the taxpayers while
aiding Walker the candidate.

John Nichols is associate editor of The Capital Times, Wisconsin's progressive
daily online news source, where his column appears regularly.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

DeKalb;
DeKalb

BYLINE: Rhonda Cook, Sandra Marshall Murray, April Hunt; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 475 words


Error, not wrongdoing, cited in bond money case

A DeKalb County grand jury has determined an accounting error was the reason it
appeared that $40 million of parks and greenspace bond money was missing or had
been misappropriated.

The grand jury, which was empaneled for the November-December term of court, was
asked to look into the matter in light of reports that the county had dipped
into the fund to cover routine operating expenses. "It is our opinion that there
was no wrongdoing and that no money was misappropriated or inappropriately
commingled, the grand jury said in its report. RHONDA COOK

Montgomery school plans Friday open house

Montgomery Elementary School, 3995 Ashford Dunwoody Road, will conduct an open
house from 9 to 10 a.m. Friday. The open house provides school tours and
information regarding pre-K and kindergarten registration. Information: call
678-676-7502 or visit http://www.dekalb.k12.ga.us/montgomery. SANDRA MARSHALL
MURRAY

Group seeks donations for county libraries

The Alliance of Friends of the DeKalb County Public Library has asked residents
to make monetary and reading donations to area libraries.

All of the funds raised from book donations benefit the libraries, which have
seen their budgets for books and materials cut from $2.03 million in 2008 to
just $100,000 in 2011. The county, which funds the libraries, has 22 branches
across DeKalb. Money and books can be donated to individual branch libraries.
APRIL HUNT

Chamber legislative reception Jan. 26

The DeKalb Chamber of Commerce will have its annual meeting and legislative
reception Jan. 26. Outgoing board members will be recognized, and six newly
elected members will be introduced at the event.

The reception will be held at the Retreat at Perimeter Summit in north DeKalb
County. Tickets are $85. Information: 404-378-8000 or www.dekalbchamber.org.
APRIL HUNT

Police alliance schedules February fundraiser

The DeKalb Police Alliance will host its annual fundraiser in February to help
with insurance costs for law enforcement officers. The Hearts for Heroes Ball
will be Feb. 11 at the Thalia N. Carlos Hellenic Community Center on Clairmont
Road in Atlanta. The event features a dinner, dancing and live auction. Funds
raised go to underwrite a $100,000 life insurance policy to help families of
fallen sworn officers in DeKalb county and city police departments, marshals and
sheriff's office.

Information: www.dekalb policealliance.org or 678-362-0392. APRIL HUNT

Decatur chosen as one of South's 'tastiest towns'

The magazine Southern Living has named Decatur among the top 10 "tastiest towns
in the South" in its January issue.

Decatur, along with other finalists, such as New Orleans and Houston, will be
profiled in the April issue of the magazine.

Magazine readers will determine the winning destination by voting at
www.southernliving.com/tasty. APRIL HUNT

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday

LETTERS

BYLINE: ,El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 871 words


Getting away with wrongdoing?

Why in the educational world are top administrators usually allowed to resign
when money is missing or wrongdoing is suspected?

A school or district that allows these resignations cannot by law say anything
negative about why the person resigned but, rather, just give information about
the person's employment with the institution or district.

This is tantamount to getting away with wrongdoing freeing the person to do the
same in some other place.

I have a personal theory about this practice. I think top administrators are
allowed to resign because they know where all the bones are buried, and this
allows everyone connected with the problem to wash their hands and start afresh.
This, of course, is great for the place the person is leaving but what about the
poor people who hire this person down the road?

Can an unethical person mend his or her ways through education? It is doubtful.
As the aphorist Mason Cooley said: "Reading about ethics is about as likely to
improve one's behavior as reading about sports is to make one into an athlete."

Dan Wever

Upper Valley

Program helpful

The mayor's Neighborhoods First program and city departments have done a great
job helping us grow into a more vocal neighborhood.

With the help of this program, we have started communicating with our city
representative Vivian Rojas and exchanged ideas and issues to improve our
community. We managed to have City Council approve the installation of a
four-way stop sign where a high volume of traffic exists.

Our children had been crossing that intersection daily. With the encouragement
of our association, Rojas, the Parks and Recreation Department and the principal
at Thomas Manor Elementary School, a summer recreation program for the children
of our community was created.

We indeed have the potential to make a difference in our neighborhood and we
hope this will encourage other neighborhoods to start their associations with
the city's Neighborhoods First program.

Teodoro Espinoza

president, Thomas Manor Neighborhood Association

Lower Valley

Go see Moore film

To all who are undecided about voting for president come November, go see
Michael Moore's movie "Fahrenheit 9/11."

I believe the Bush administration has continued to lie to the American people. I
have always felt that way, beginning in 2000, when the election was stolen.

There is a possibility that that might happen again if the American people do
not wake up and see that this administration is deceitful and has been sleeping
with the enemy long before Sept. 11, 2001.

LaRue D. Lamb

West El Paso

Grateful to soldiers

There are no written words that can explain one's heart at a time like this. The
sacrifices the military is making are not only for the Iraqi people but for all
humanity. Their actions will allow me and my family to enjoy the freedoms of the
United States. No matter the job, soldiers are laying the foundation for the
future of the world. Opinions differ about this war; but, there is no division
of the significance of the mission.

American soldiers are providing hope, strength and a vision for the young and
old. I am in awe. Only a few are allowed the opportunity to make a global
difference. Only a few can command the respect and presence with the mere sight
of a uniform. Only a few can be called heroes.

I thank the military for yesterday, for today and for the hope of tomorrow. May
God protect and guide them.

Paul Ferris

Central El Paso

The Reagan spin

Other than the fact he was one of the worst presidents of the 20th century, I
have nothing bad to say about Ronald Reagan. He was pleasant enough, had a nice
smile, and always looked sharp in a suit. It's the other stuff that bothers me,
such as his insensitivity to the poor, women, people of color, the working
class, and the unemployed, not to mention the damage he did to the environment,
collective bargaining, and the nation's fiscal health.

Reagan's military spending and income tax cuts for the rich reportedly increased
the deficit by $2 trillion, and the increase in Social Security tax had a
ruinous effect on the poor and working class.

His wars in Central America devastated the lives of millions. And in this
country, real income went down for the middle class for the first time since
World War II.

In his defense, Reagan made us feel good about ourselves and our nation.
Americans have always wanted to be in a movie with a happy ending. Reagan's
fictionalized account of reality kept us in a state of euphoria we had needed
ever since Vietnam took away our innocence and self respect.

Paul Tifford

West El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters or e-mail to 200 words. Allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address, ZIP code and day and evening phone numbers
for verification purposes. Letters to the editor, opinion columns and other
articles submitted to the Times may be published or distributed in print,
electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Fax letters: 546-6343

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20,

El Paso, TX 79999

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 31, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

HOME ENTERTAINMENT;
THE LATEST IN MUSIC, VIDEO AND BOOKS;
NEW VIDEO;
IN STORES THIS WEEK

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 07G

LENGTH: 515 words


"Eraser" *** (R) ---Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a federal agent who "erases" the
identities of people in the Witness Protection Program. His new assignment is
Vanessa Williams, a corporate whistle-blower who's caught her bosses selling
assault weapons to terrorists. Making things difficult is a mole in Arnold's
agency who's in cahoots with the bad guys. The movie slams along with stunning
efficiency, having fun with all kinds of preposterous action stunts ---from
crocodiles on the loose in a New York zoo to Arnold almost being run over by a
jet in midair. True, it goes on a half-hour too long, but the picture delivers.

"Moll Flanders" ** 1/2 (R) ---Filmmaker Pen Densham turns Daniel Defoe's rakish
heroine (a whore, a thief and a felon) into a noble but unlucky 18th-century
Everywoman (Robin Wright) who must survive poverty, class snobbery and the Madam
From Hell (Stockard Channing). Densham creates a framework in which Channing's
reluctantly loyal servant (Morgan Freeman) is sent to find Moll's abandoned
9-year-old daughter. Wright is lovely and game, but the script has rendered the
character blandly impenetrable.

"Heaven's Prisoners" ** 1/2 (R) ---Once again director Phil Joanou ("Final
Analysis") turns an interesting story into a muddy exercise in style. In this
adaptation of James Lee Burke's novel, Alec Baldwin plays a New Orleans cop and
reformed alcoholic who soon has more to worry about than a hankering for hooch.
The crash of a small plane sets a mystery rolling, as Baldwin connects the
accident with a Big Easy thug (Eric Roberts) and his wife, who hangs out au
naturel on the balcony (that would be Teri Hatcher, and if you missed all the
publicity about those couple of frames of film, welcome back from Siberia). Good
acting, slow going.

"Man of the Year" ** 1/2 (unrated) ---Playgirl's 1992 Man of the Year had a
little secret: He wasn't exactly a ladies' man. That's the starting point for
Dirk Shafer's mockumentary about his real-life experiences as a centerfold, who
took it all off while covering up his homosexuality. For the most part, the film
is a fun mix of sex farce and pseudo-documentary. Shafer uses clips of his
appearances on talk shows. But some of the faked stuff suffers from uneven
acting, and the last-act use of a death from AIDS is a cheesy attempt to gain
some unearned (and unneeded) gravity.

"Halfmoon" ** 1/2 (unrated) ---Like the Paul Bowles writings on which they're
based, these three short films are an acquired taste. In the first, best friends
come to blows over their love of a woman. In the second, a man and his new wife
find the trouble-plagued ship they've boarded for their honeymoon is a good
metaphor for their marriage. In the final tale, an outcast boy becomes the soul
mate of a deadly viper.

"H.P. Lovecraft's Necronomicon: Book of the Dead" HH 1/2 (Rating) --- The first
half of the title makes you hope for another "Re-Animator"; the second conjures
the "Evil Dead" series. This direct-to-video schlocker isn't up to the
comparisons, but it's OK for a Halloween night.

Steve Murray

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 7, 1989, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Fines Rockwell $5.5 Million

BYLINE: By RICHARD W. STEVENSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, March 6


Imposing one of the largest penalties ever on a military contractor, a Federal
judge fined the Rockwell International Corporation $5.5 million today for
defrauding the Air Force of $446,000 on a navigation-satellite contract.

Judge Consuelo B. Marshall of the Federal District Court in Los Angeles also
threatened to impose further fines without limit if Rockwell breaks any laws in
the future or violates other terms of a five-year probation. The judge set no
limit on the size of any additional fines.

Rockwell said that it was disappointed with the size of the fine and that it
would appeal the decision.

A Closely Followed Case

The case against Rockwell has been closely followed in the military-contracting
industry because the company has argued that it was prosecuted after it
voluntarily came forward with evidence of wrongdoing by two employees.

The Government has encouraged military contractors to monitor themselves and to
disclose any wrongdoing detected internally.

The United States Attorney's office in Los Angeles, which prosecuted the case,
said Rockwell had come forward only after an investigation had begun.

Rockwell agreed in January to plead guilty to two felony charges in the case.
But the company reserved the right to appeal on the basis that its voluntary
disclosure made an indictment improper.

'Unsupported by Fact'

''The Government's arguments in support of its sentencing recommendation were
inconsistent with the terms of the plea agreement, contradicted the Government's
arguments in previous hearings before the court and are unsupported by fact,''
Rockwell said in a statement.

Stephen A. Mansfield, one of the assistant United States attorneys who
prosecuted the case, called the sentence fair. The prosecutors had asked the
judge to impose a $5 million fine, with an additional $5 million penalty to be
imposed if Rockwell were found to have engaged in further wrongdoing.

Mr. Mansfield said the $5.5 million fine levied by Judge Marshall was thought to
be the largest criminal penalty ever imposed on a military contractor, not
including forced restitution of fraudulently obtained profits. As part of its
sentence, Rockwell must also repay the Air Force $446,000, the amount that the
company had overcharged in the satellite contract.

Details of the Case

The case stems from Rockwell's work on the Navstar global-positioning satellite
system in 1982. Rockwell dismissed Robert Zavodnick, a manager in its satellite
systems division, and demoted his supervisor, Donald Carter, after it discovered
in an internal investigation that the workers had filed false statements about
the satellite system.

Mr. Zavodnick later pleaded guilty to one count of making false statements to
the Government and one count of conspiracy. He received a year's probation. Mr.
Carter was acquitted last fall of similar charges against him.

Rockwell has contended that the wrongdoing did not go beyond Mr. Carter and Mr.
Zavodnick. But in a sentencing memorandum filed with the court last month, the
prosecution contended that corporate officers of Rockwell may have known of the
wrongdoing in the satellite division and helped to cover it up.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

EXPERTS: LOOK BEYOND DECISION;
IF A DISTRICT ATTORNEY OPTS NOT TO FILE CHARGES, IT DOESN'T ALWAYS EQUAL
ABSOLUTION FOR OFFICER

BYLINE:  NICO SAVIDGE  nsavidge@madison.com, 608-252-6147

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 585 words


When he talks about how district attorneys review police shootings to determine
if the officer involved should face criminal charges, police instructor Lou
Hayes uses the analogy of a test that is graded pass-fail.

The officer could handle an incident perfectly, and as a result of his or her
A-plus work would not face criminal charges. Neither would officers who make
some mistakes, and whose performance might have earned a B or a C.

Even an officer who commits a number of serious errors may not face criminal
charges, Hayes said, because even D police work can still pass legal standards
experts say tend to be protective of those claiming self-defense.

Clearing an officer of criminal wrongdoing only addresses whether he or she will
be punished by the state, Hayes said, "Not whether or not an officer did the
best job possible."

"All that says is that you're not going to go to jail," he said.

Hayes stressed that without complete information about what led to the March 6
shooting of 19-year-old Tony Robinson, he can't say whether Madison Police
Officer Matt Kenny did or did not violate the law, or if Kenny's encounter with
Robinson should have been handled differently.

But when the public evaluates police shootings, UW-Madison law professor Cecelia
Klingele said, a district attorney's decision not to file charges is often
viewed as absolving that officer of any wrongdoing.

In fact, both Klingele and Hayes said, the prosecutor's review only answers one
question raised by a shooting - if the officer's actions were so bad as to be
criminal - and doesn't speak to other important questions about whether the
incident could have been handled differently.

Along with the district attorney's review, an internal investigation by Madison
police will determine whether Kenny's actions in the shooting violated
department policy, Lt. Cory Nelson said, and if Kenny will face any sanctions
from MPD.

Unlike the district attorney - who Hayes said looks at "a very narrow time"
before the officer fired his weapon - Nelson said the department's review will
consider whether MPD policies and procedures were violated at any point in the
incident.

"We look at the totality of the circumstances," Nelson said.

The April 2014 death of Dontre Hamilton in Milwaukee is an example of a case in
which an officer was found partially at fault, but not criminally culpable,
after a shooting. In that incident, Milwaukee County District Attorney John
Chisholm decided not to charge Officer Christopher Manney for killing Hamilton,
but Manney was fired after a department investigation found his interaction with
Hamilton before the shooting violated policies.

Nelson said the department's internal investigation of the Robinson shooting is
ongoing, and will be released after Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne
finishes his review of the incident.

City officials, prompted by the Robinson shooting, have also called for a
special committee to be formed that would look at police policies, particularly
those for the use of deadly force.

Hayes said he and others in the law enforcement field want to change officer
training to put a greater emphasis on de-escalation and resolving incidents
without force. He said police have to also consider community expectations for
law enforcement when they evaluate shootings, rather than just focusing on the
minimum of what is acceptable under criminal law.

"We want to do things that are better than law," Hayes said. "We want to do
things that earn the support of our communities."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: M.P. KING ? State Journal Kathy Sliter straightens a sign March 10
while viewing a memorial near the scene of the shooting death of Tony Robinson
on Williamson Street.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  April 20, 1995 Thursday METRO FINAL EDITION

BROKER KINNARD COUNTERSUES CUSTOMERS IN CITI-EQUITY INVESTMENT DISPUTE

BYLINE: BYLINE: Scott Carlson, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 445 words


John G. Kinnard & Co., the target of 10 state court lawsuits for alleged
wrongdoing in selling limited partnerships of troubled Citi-Equity, is striking
back at its legal adversaries.

The Minneapolis brokerage firm is countersuing the plaintiffs for fraud,
misrepresentation and negligence - the same legal misdeeds the firm is accused
of committing.

Kinnard's countersuits have come as part of the firm's answer to plaintiff
complaints in Hennepin County District Court that customers were misled about
the viability of investing in Citi-Equity housing projects in Minnesota. Kinnard
denies any wrongdoing.

California-based Citi-Equity is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and
company founder Gary Lefkowitz is fighting a 45-count federal indictment
alleging he defrauded the government, investors and developers across the
country of more than $50 million.

Karl Cambronne, a lead attorney for Kinnard's disgruntled customers in the
plaintiff lawsuits, called the brokerage firm's countersuits "heavy-handed"
intimidation. "They go out of their way to solicit investment dollars from their
customers and then turn around and sue any customers that dare to bring a claim
against it," he said.

"Such a ploy by a target defendant in a securities fraud action is unique in my
experience, and I have been doing this for 20 years," Cambronne said. "I know it
has been tried elsewhere and the courts in this district have renounced such a
tactic as being against public policy."

Cambronne said he intends to ask Hennepin County District Judge Myron Greenberg
to dismiss Kinnard's countersuits.

But attorneys for Kinnard on Wednesday denied the company is trying to bully
customers by filing the countersuits. "That implication is false and it appears
to be an attempt to damage Kinnard's relationship with its customers," said Ted
Meikle, Kinnard general counsel. "Kinnard has always fulfilled its
responsibilities. As its customers know, Kinnard has tried to help them with
Citi-Equity when and where it can."

Frank Taylor, an attorney representing Kinnard, contended, "These plaintiffs
have specifically alleged things in their complaints that are directly
contradicted by what they told Kinnard in writing when they bought their
investments. The plaintiffs have an obligation to tell the truth."

Taylor was referring to the plaintiffs' complaints that allege they were misled
by oral representations and sales material from Kinnard's sales representatives
to invest in Citi-Equity projects.

"We have a responsibility to protect Kinnard, which relied upon what these
investors told Kinnard when they bought these investments," Taylor said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 16, 2001 Wednesday

Sunbeam executives sued for fraud

BYLINE: JONATHAN WEIL, The Wall Street Journal, with contributions from Elliot
Spagat and Will Pinkston

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 706 words


Nearly three years after Sunbeam Corp. began to collapse under the weight of
accounting irregularities, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has filed
a civil lawsuit against five former Sunbeam executives and the Arthur Andersen
LLP partner in charge of the company's audit, accusing them of engaging in a
massive financial fraud.

Topping the list of defendants is Al (Chainsaw) Dunlap, Sunbeam's former
chairman and chief executive officer.

The SEC suit comes about two weeks after Arthur Andersen agreed to pay
$110-million (U.S.) to settle securities fraud litigation brought by
shareholders of Sunbeam, based in Boca Raton, Fla., which filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy court protection in February.

The suit, filed in a Miami federal court, marks federal regulators' first public
assessment of the turmoil that ensued after the beleaguered consumer products
company hired Mr. Dunlap in July, 1996. In short, the SEC said Mr. Dunlap and
his executive team concocted a rosy portrait of earnings growth through an
assortment of illegal accounting manoeuvres. In a statement, Mr. Dunlap said the
SEC's accusations "are totally false."

Other defendants named in the fraud suit, all of whom deny wrongdoing, are
Sunbeam's former chief financial officer, Russell A. Kersh; former controller
Robert J. Gluck; former vice-presidents Donald R. Uzzi and Lee B. Griffith; and
Phillip E. Harlow, managing partner of Andersen's Fort Lauderdale, Fla., office.
In addition to seeking unspecified monetary penalties, the SEC is seeking to bar
Mr. Dunlap, Mr. Kersh, Mr. Gluck and Mr. Uzzi from acting as officers or
directors of public companies. Also, the SEC said Sunbeam had settled
allegations of securities fraud without admitting wrongdoing, and will pay no
monetary penalties.

"I am outraged that the SEC has chosen to bring these baseless charges against
me, and I intend to defend myself vigorously," Mr. Dunlap said in the statement.
Mr. Kersh released a statement containing the identical remark.

Among other things, the SEC said, the company took excessive restructuring
charges in late 1996, establishing a "cookie jar" of reserves that the firm
later reversed to meet Wall Street's quarterly earnings targets. Throughout
1997, the SEC said, executives directed the company to record excessive revenue
by, among other things, booking sales for products that customers hadn't agreed
to accept.

After firing Mr. Dunlap in June, 1998, following a slew of critical news
articles about the company's financial condition and accounting practices,
Sunbeam later that year restated its financial results for most of the periods
during which Mr. Dunlap presided over the company. For 1997, the company
reported $93-million in restated profit, about half the amount originally
reported.

Andersen wasn't named as a defendant in the SEC case. An SEC lawyer declined to
comment on the Big Five firm's role, but the commission's general policy is to
not pursue enforcement actions against accounting firms where it believes that
any wrongdoing committed was limited to an individual auditor. The SEC complaint
says Mr. Harlow was aware of the improper accounting practices used by Sunbeam
at the time he opined that the company's 1996 and 1997 financial statements
complied with generally accepted accounting principles.

An Andersen spokesman said the firm believes the action against Mr. Harlow is
unjustified. Mr. Harlow has turned over his audit responsibilities to other
partners in order to focus on his pending legal matters, the spokesman said. A
lawyer for Mr. Harlow also said "the SEC's action is unjustified," and that the
long-time Andersen partner would contest the allegations, adding that "Mr.
Harlow's work for Sunbeam was performed in rigorous compliance with standards
generally accepted by the profession."

A lawyer for Mr. Gluck said his client is "not responsible for any shortcomings
in the financial statements." Mr. Griffith's lawyer said his client had no
knowledge of the allegedly fraudulent financial statements. A lawyer for Mr.
Uzzi, who joined Electronic Data Systems Corp. of Plano, Tex., in 1999, said his
client "never acted inappropriately and isn't aware of any other officer acting
inappropriately."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 490 words


USW seeks buyout of steelworker mill

The United Steelworkers union, angered by Esmark Inc.'s plan to lay off as many
as 360 workers at two Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. mills, said yesterday it
was in talks with Severstal North America Inc. and others, urging them to pursue
a buyout of the company. "We need a new partner, and we think Severstal is that
partner," said John Saunders, a USW contract coordinator from Wheeling, W.Va.,
where the company is based. Severstal, which has a joint partnership with
Wheeling-Pitt, already owns 50 percent of a coke plant in Follansbee, W.Va., and
is a company the union works with daily.

Region's gas prices hit record

Gasoline prices in Western Pennsylvania reached record highs this week, with a
gallon of regular unleaded at self-serve pumps costing $3.356, up 7.2 cents from
a week ago. The old record, $3.306 a gallon, was set on March 18.

Housing lender in U.S. sights

A U.S. bankruptcy judge in Pittsburgh ruled the Justice Department can subpoena
documents and question Countrywide Financial Corp. executives under oath to
determine whether the lender abused borrowers and the bankruptcy-court process.
Judge Thomas Agresti said "it certainly has not been proven that Countrywide did
anything wrong," but noted a bankruptcy trustee "has made a showing of a common
thread of potential wrongdoing" in several cases. The cases are a representative
sample of nearly 300 Pennsylvania bankruptcy cases involving Countrywide
borrowers. The potential wrongdoing warrants further inquiry by a bankruptcy
trustee on behalf of the Justice Department, Judge Agresti said.

Retailer to pay for data breach

TJX Cos., the retailer whose computer system was breached by hackers in 2006,
agreed to pay as much as $24 million to cover costs incurred by banks that issue
MasterCards. The owner of the T.J. Maxx and Marshalls discount chains will
reimburse banks for operational expenses and fraud losses, MasterCard Inc. said
yesterday. TJX reported in January 2007 that hackers broke into its computer
system and stole about 45.7 million credit- and debit-card numbers. The company
settled a separate complaint with the Federal Trade Commission last month.

Also in business

Swedish furniture retailer Ikea, which began charging customers for disposable
plastic bags last year and donating the money to tree planting programs, now
plans to stop offering such bags by October. The chain offers a reusable plastic
bag for 59 cents ... Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium tapped Strip District ad
agency Mullen to handle an image campaign, including advertising, digital
marketing, media buying and public relations. The business will be done pro bono
... Attorneys for former Enron Corp. CEO Jeffrey Skilling asked a federal
appeals court to overturn his convictions, saying the convictions for his role
in the former energy giant's collapse were based on a flawed legal theory that
he deprived Enron of his "honest services."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday

Missouri appeals court puts end to art theft legal battle

BYLINE: By Allison Retka

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1009  words


A state appeals court has ended a Ladue man's legal battle to win back eight
pieces of expensive art taken from his residence in 2004.

The court ruled earlier this month that real estate agent Stuart Slavin could
not recover the paintings because it never belonged to him in the first place.

FBI agents removed the works from Slavin's home, believing the paintings were
part of a $4 million cache of art snatched from a Clayton art gallery two years
earlier. The stolen work was by such artists as Willem de Kooning, Milton Avery
and David Smith.

Despite an extensive federal investigation into the stolen art, Slavin sued the
original owners in St. Louis County Circuit Court, demanding the paintings'
return. He also sued his insurance company, claiming Pacific Indemnity Co. owned
him $800,000 in property losses after federal authorities confiscated the
pieces.

But the Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, firmly sided with the
insurance company and the original owners of the paintings, Dr. David and Diane
Harter of Palm City, Fla.

"It is a well-established rule that a subsequent purchaser of a stolen item does
not obtain good title, notwithstanding the fact that such purchaser may be
innocent of any wrongdoing," the appeals court wrote in an unpublished memo
accompanying the Oct. 9 decision.

Slavin's attorneys maintain their client was not only innocent of wrongdoing but
worthy of praise; it was through Slavin's investigations into his newly acquired
art that the dubious ownership details were uncovered.

"We felt one way or another that Stuart would be made whole; that at the very
least he would have a viable insurance claim. He gets neither, which I think is
very tragic," said Duane Coleman, the Lewis Rice attorney who handled Slavin's
appeal. "It punishes someone who did the right thing. The irony is ... if he had
shut up, he would still have [the art]. "

Artful crime

The pair who sold Slavin the art, Donald Rasch and Biron Valier, were sentenced
to federal prison in 2005 for the theft from Fine Arts Express. According to
federal court records, Valier received 90 days in prison and six month's house
arrest and Rasch got two years in prison.

In February 2007, the government slapped Rasch with two additional counts of
lying to federal agents and one count of transporting two stolen Arthur Dove
paintings to Illinois in 2002.

According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, Rasch is housed at the federal
prison in Terre Haute, Ind., with an expected release date of Dec. 28.

U.S. District Judge Charles A. Shaw also ordered the two men to pay $1.19
million in restitution to the Harters.

Larry Friedman, the Thompson Coburn attorney for the Harters, said he could not
comment on the status of the restitution payments because a number of works are
still missing and under federal investigation. In November 2006, Friedman said
the couple had not yet seen a cent.

Rasch and Valier were gallery employees when they claimed 40 crates of the
Harters' artwork, which the couple had stored in St. Louis while making a
cross-country move. While negotiating with Slavin over $65,500 in art sales,
Rasch told him he inherited the pieces from his grandfather, the appeals
decision recounted. Rasch later recanted and said he had fished the artwork from
a Dumpster behind the gallery which had been thrown out because the owners
hadn't paid their storage fees.

Whether or not the Harters made regular payments on the storage facility in St.
Louis was not at issue in any of the cases, Friedman said.

"The court correctly concluded that Fine Arts Express stored the art for them,"
Friedman said last November when Associate Circuit Judge Thea A. Sherry ruled in
favor of the Harters. "If Mr. Slavin made assertions that, 'Rasch told me they
didn't pay,' ... well, Rasch is a convicted criminal. It has no bearing on any
of the issues. "

But one of the arguments Slavin raised on appeal is that the Harters never
turned over legitimate documentation of their ownership of the art.

The appeals court decided the papers that the Harters did procure, while vague,
were proof enough that the couple originally owned the pieces. The court also
rejected any suggestion that the Harters effectively abandoned the art by
failing to pay storage fees, saying Slavin's arguments on that point were based
on speculative hearsay evidence.

End of the fight

Coleman insisted the Harters did not prove they owned the art or that their
original ownership trumped that of Slavin's, even if he unknowingly acquired the
paintings from a criminal.

"If Rasch was a thief, then perhaps Stuart did not get good title on the art,"
he conceded. "But that doesn't mean he doesn't have a better claim than the
Harters. "

That Slavin lost his appeal on the insurance claim is a double loss, Coleman
said. Even after federal agents confiscated the art, Slavin paid two years of
annual premiums - $20,600 total - to the insurance company, in the hopes it
would eventually compensate him for the loss.

But the appeals court ruled that because the policy did not become active until
after Slavin suspected he lacked a good title on the art, he had no coverage
under the policy. It was because of the lack of title that the art was taken by
the authorities, the court pointed out.

While Slavin could request a rehearing before the court of appeals or ask the
state Supreme Court to consider the case, Coleman said his client's legal fight
for the art ended with the appeals court decision.

"I think Stuart at this point is probably discouraged with the judicial
process," he said. Slavin lost the money he paid for the stolen work and lost
considerable funds to the insurance coverage and legal fees, Coleman said.

Slavin said he was disappointed by the decision but had no further comment on
the case.

Friedman pointed out that it was the Harters who first suffered the loss of
millions of dollars in art.

"The Harters were the victims of the crime, and it's been an ordeal for them,"
he said. "They're pleased the court has made clear that they are - and always
have been - the true owners. "

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday

Mo. Court of Appeals, Eastern District ends canvas custody battle

BYLINE: Allison Retka

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1009  words


A state appeals court has ended a Ladue man's legal battle to win back eight
pieces of expensive art taken from his residence in 2004.

The court ruled earlier this month that real estate agent Stuart Slavin could
not recover the paintings because it never belonged to him in the first place.

FBI agents removed the works from Slavin's home, believing the paintings were
part of a $4 million cache of art snatched from a Clayton art gallery two years
earlier. The stolen work was by such artists as Willem de Kooning, Milton Avery
and David Smith.

Despite an extensive federal investigation into the stolen art, Slavin sued the
original owners in St. Louis County Circuit Court, demanding the paintings'
return. He also sued his insurance company, claiming Pacific Indemnity Co. owned
him $800,000 in property losses after federal authorities confiscated the
pieces.

But the Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, firmly sided with the
insurance company and the original owners of the paintings, Dr. David and Diane
Harter of Palm City, Fla.

"It is a well-established rule that a subsequent purchaser of a stolen item does
not obtain good title, notwithstanding the fact that such purchaser may be
innocent of any wrongdoing," the appeals court wrote in an unpublished memo
accompanying the Oct. 9 decision.

Slavin's attorneys maintain their client was not only innocent of wrongdoing but
worthy of praise; it was through Slavin's investigations into his newly acquired
art that the dubious ownership details were uncovered.

"We felt one way or another that Stuart would be made whole; that at the very
least he would have a viable insurance claim. He gets neither, which I think is
very tragic," said Duane Coleman, the Lewis Rice attorney who handled Slavin's
appeal. "It punishes someone who did the right thing. The irony is ... if he had
shut up, he would still have [the art]. "

Artful crime

The pair who sold Slavin the art, Donald Rasch and Biron Valier, were sentenced
to federal prison in 2005 for the theft from Fine Arts Express. According to
federal court records, Valier received 90 days in prison and six month's house
arrest and Rasch got two years in prison.

In February 2007, the government slapped Rasch with two additional counts of
lying to federal agents and one count of transporting two stolen Arthur Dove
paintings to Illinois in 2002.

According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, Rasch is housed at the federal
prison in Terre Haute, Ind., with an expected release date of Dec. 28.

U.S. District Judge Charles A. Shaw also ordered the two men to pay $1.19
million in restitution to the Harters.

Larry Friedman, the Thompson Coburn attorney for the Harters, said he could not
comment on the status of the restitution payments because a number of works are
still missing and under federal investigation. In November 2006, Friedman said
the couple had not yet seen a cent.

Rasch and Valier were gallery employees when they claimed 40 crates of the
Harters' artwork, which the couple had stored in St. Louis while making a
cross-country move. While negotiating with Slavin over $65,500 in art sales,
Rasch told him he inherited the pieces from his grandfather, the appeals
decision recounted. Rasch later recanted and said he had fished the artwork from
a Dumpster behind the gallery which had been thrown out because the owners
hadn't paid their storage fees.

Whether or not the Harters made regular payments on the storage facility in St.
Louis was not at issue in any of the cases, Friedman said.

"The court correctly concluded that Fine Arts Express stored the art for them,"
Friedman said last November when Associate Circuit Judge Thea A. Sherry ruled in
favor of the Harters. "If Mr. Slavin made assertions that, 'Rasch told me they
didn't pay,' ... well, Rasch is a convicted criminal. It has no bearing on any
of the issues. "

But one of the arguments Slavin raised on appeal is that the Harters never
turned over legitimate documentation of their ownership of the art.

The appeals court decided the papers that the Harters did procure, while vague,
were proof enough that the couple originally owned the pieces. The court also
rejected any suggestion that the Harters effectively abandoned the art by
failing to pay storage fees, saying Slavin's arguments on that point were based
on speculative hearsay evidence.

End of the fight

Coleman insisted the Harters did not prove they owned the art or that their
original ownership trumped that of Slavin's, even if he unknowingly acquired the
paintings from a criminal.

"If Rasch was a thief, then perhaps Stuart did not get good title on the art,"
he conceded. "But that doesn't mean he doesn't have a better claim than the
Harters. "

That Slavin lost his appeal on the insurance claim is a double loss, Coleman
said. Even after federal agents confiscated the art, Slavin paid two years of
annual premiums - $20,600 total - to the insurance company, in the hopes it
would eventually compensate him for the loss.

But the appeals court ruled that because the policy did not become active until
after Slavin suspected he lacked a good title on the art, he had no coverage
under the policy. It was because of the lack of title that the art was taken by
the authorities, the court pointed out.

While Slavin could request a rehearing before the court of appeals or ask the
state Supreme Court to consider the case, Coleman said his client's legal fight
for the art ended with the appeals court decision.

"I think Stuart at this point is probably discouraged with the judicial
process," he said. Slavin lost the money he paid for the stolen work and lost
considerable funds to the insurance coverage and legal fees, Coleman said.

Slavin said he was disappointed by the decision but had no further comment on
the case.

Friedman pointed out that it was the Harters who first suffered the loss of
millions of dollars in art.

"The Harters were the victims of the crime, and it's been an ordeal for them,"
he said. "They're pleased the court has made clear that they are - and always
have been - the true owners. "

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           October 20, 2007 Saturday

Canvas custody battle ends

BYLINE: By Allison Retka

LENGTH: 1009  words


A state appeals court has ended a Ladue man's legal battle to win back eight
pieces of expensive art taken from his residence in 2004.

The court ruled earlier this month that real estate agent Stuart Slavin could
not recover the paintings because it never belonged to him in the first place.

FBI agents removed the works from Slavin's home, believing the paintings were
part of a $4 million cache of art snatched from a Clayton art gallery two years
earlier. The stolen work was by such artists as Willem de Kooning, Milton Avery
and David Smith.

Despite an extensive federal investigation into the stolen art, Slavin sued the
original owners in St. Louis County Circuit Court, demanding the paintings'
return. He also sued his insurance company, claiming Pacific Indemnity Co. owned
him $800,000 in property losses after federal authorities confiscated the
pieces.

But the Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, firmly sided with the
insurance company and the original owners of the paintings, Dr. David and Diane
Harter of Palm City, Fla.

"It is a well-established rule that a subsequent purchaser of a stolen item does
not obtain good title, notwithstanding the fact that such purchaser may be
innocent of any wrongdoing," the appeals court wrote in an unpublished memo
accompanying the Oct. 9 decision.

Slavin's attorneys maintain their client was not only innocent of wrongdoing but
worthy of praise; it was through Slavin's investigations into his newly acquired
art that the dubious ownership details were uncovered.

"We felt one way or another that Stuart would be made whole; that at the very
least he would have a viable insurance claim. He gets neither, which I think is
very tragic," said Duane Coleman, the Lewis Rice attorney who handled Slavin's
appeal. "It punishes someone who did the right thing. The irony is ... if he had
shut up, he would still have [the art]. "

Artful crime

The pair who sold Slavin the art, Donald Rasch and Biron Valier, were sentenced
to federal prison in 2005 for the theft from Fine Arts Express. According to
federal court records, Valier received 90 days in prison and six month's house
arrest and Rasch got two years in prison.

In February 2007, the government slapped Rasch with two additional counts of
lying to federal agents and one count of transporting two stolen Arthur Dove
paintings to Illinois in 2002.

According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, Rasch is housed at the federal
prison in Terre Haute, Ind., with an expected release date of Dec. 28.

U.S. District Judge Charles A. Shaw also ordered the two men to pay $1.19
million in restitution to the Harters.

Larry Friedman, the Thompson Coburn attorney for the Harters, said he could not
comment on the status of the restitution payments because a number of works are
still missing and under federal investigation. In November 2006, Friedman said
the couple had not yet seen a cent.

Rasch and Valier were gallery employees when they claimed 40 crates of the
Harters' artwork, which the couple had stored in St. Louis while making a
cross-country move. While negotiating with Slavin over $65,500 in art sales,
Rasch told him he inherited the pieces from his grandfather, the appeals
decision recounted. Rasch later recanted and said he had fished the artwork from
a Dumpster behind the gallery which had been thrown out because the owners
hadn't paid their storage fees.

Whether or not the Harters made regular payments on the storage facility in St.
Louis was not at issue in any of the cases, Friedman said.

"The court correctly concluded that Fine Arts Express stored the art for them,"
Friedman said last November when Associate Circuit Judge Thea A. Sherry ruled in
favor of the Harters. "If Mr. Slavin made assertions that, 'Rasch told me they
didn't pay,' ... well, Rasch is a convicted criminal. It has no bearing on any
of the issues. "

But one of the arguments Slavin raised on appeal is that the Harters never
turned over legitimate documentation of their ownership of the art.

The appeals court decided the papers that the Harters did procure, while vague,
were proof enough that the couple originally owned the pieces. The court also
rejected any suggestion that the Harters effectively abandoned the art by
failing to pay storage fees, saying Slavin's arguments on that point were based
on speculative hearsay evidence.

End of the fight

Coleman insisted the Harters did not prove they owned the art or that their
original ownership trumped that of Slavin's, even if he unknowingly acquired the
paintings from a criminal.

"If Rasch was a thief, then perhaps Stuart did not get good title on the art,"
he conceded. "But that doesn't mean he doesn't have a better claim than the
Harters. "

That Slavin lost his appeal on the insurance claim is a double loss, Coleman
said. Even after federal agents confiscated the art, Slavin paid two years of
annual premiums - $20,600 total - to the insurance company, in the hopes it
would eventually compensate him for the loss.

But the appeals court ruled that because the policy did not become active until
after Slavin suspected he lacked a good title on the art, he had no coverage
under the policy. It was because of the lack of title that the art was taken by
the authorities, the court pointed out.

While Slavin could request a rehearing before the court of appeals or ask the
state Supreme Court to consider the case, Coleman said his client's legal fight
for the art ended with the appeals court decision.

"I think Stuart at this point is probably discouraged with the judicial
process," he said. Slavin lost the money he paid for the stolen work and lost
considerable funds to the insurance coverage and legal fees, Coleman said.

Slavin said he was disappointed by the decision but had no further comment on
the case.

Friedman pointed out that it was the Harters who first suffered the loss of
millions of dollars in art.

"The Harters were the victims of the crime, and it's been an ordeal for them,"
he said. "They're pleased the court has made clear that they are - and always
have been - the true owners. "

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 July 15, 1996

Fined And Hit For 'Laxity,' Pru Pledges To Revamp

BYLINE: BY JIM CONNOLLY

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1034 words


In the aftermath of a damaging multi-state task force report on Prudential's
misleading sales practices, analysts say the conpany's ability to rebound hinges
on what the ultimate costs are in terms of its reeputation and remediation
payments to policyholders.

In addition to agreeing to a record breaking $ 35 million fine recommended by
the multi-state task force of regulators and a program of remediation which will
be available to 10.7 million policyholders who purchased policies from 1982
through 1995, the company has publicly apologized for any wrongdoing and says it
is continuing to revamp its operations.

According to the report released on July 9 at a news conference in Trenton,
N.J., wrongdoing was widespread. The report found that Prudential failed to
"research individual agents' records of previous violations when there was
evidence of wrongdoing" and stated that "at least one agent was reprimanded
several times for forgery" while "in some cases agents were promoted to sales
managers and sales managers elevated to general managers without regard to
significant complaint histories or poor compliance records."

The report added that "abusive sales practices" included "misrepresentation due
to the manner in which the financed sales were presented to policyowners" while
in other instances, "agents convinced policyowners to cash-surrender existing
policies to finance new ones with proceeds from the existing policy."

Prudential, according to the report, should have been aware of the problems
since it remediated complaints with customers at an increasing rate between 1990
and 1994. In fact, the report said, complaints rose 71.5 percent during that
time and the rate of increase was more than 123 percent greater than the
company's 32 percent growth in policies in force during the same period.

Task force findings did not mm up any wrongdoing by Prudential management, said
New Jersey Banking and Insurance Commissioner Elizabeth Randall during the press
conference.

"We did look to see if there was a move by management to mislead the sales force
and we did not find any evidence," she said. "We found that the company was
remiss in educating the sales force as well as disciplining them."

Management, she added, was "extremely lax in the oversight of the process
throughout" but there was "no conclusive evidence" to indicate anything was
"done to foster any noncompliance and breaking of the rules."

There was also a lack of understanding on the part of agents on when replacement
activity was actually occurring, Ms. Randall said.

After the press conference, Ms. Randall denied that regulators were themselves
lax in tracking market conduct problems. "There was no spike in complaints or
even the volume of complaints during the time that these sales were going on,"
she said of complaints against Prudential filed with the New Jersey department.

In the early 90s, regulators "focused on financial matters of the life insurance
industry," according to Martin Carus, assistant deputy superintendent and chief
examiner of the New York Insurance Department.

Since 1994, regulators' attention has turned to market conduct issues, he added,
referring to a recent $ 1 million fine against John Hancock and a $ 5 million
fine against Prudential imposed by the New York department last year. In March
1994 Metropolitan was fined $ 20 million by regulators.

New York, one of 34 states that have signed onto the remediation plan, has
already received its $ 4,374,500 portion of the $ 35 million fine from
Prudential. New Jersey is expected to receive its $ 2,732,800 assessment by the
end of this week. Other assessments include a $ 1.5 million fined levied by
Pennsylvania, down from the recommended task force fine of $ 3,635,600, a $
2,319,000 recommended fine for Illinois, and a $ 2,259,900 recommended fine for
California.

At press time, seven more states intend to sign onto the agreement.

In the aftermath of the report's release, Prudential responded to the findings.
"We accept responsibility and acknowledge our mistakes and are taking strong
steps to build a committed management team," said William Ydverton, CEO of
Prudential's individual insurance group.

Those steps include creating a "uniform system of training," as well as giving
the company's underwriters a more active administrative role when new policies
are written. (See NU, June 24.)

Mr. Yelverton also said Prudential is "revamping every aspect of our training
program."

Agent productivity, he noted, has increased by 12 percent from the end of 1995
to present.

What is not known at this time is what the total cost to the company will be,
although Mr. Yelverton emphasized that Prudential has "adequate resources" to
meet these costs.

Possible settlement of existing lawsuits is "still too premature to discuss,"
said Prudential spokesman Robert DeFillippo. The task force report indicated
that as of this June, 240 lawsuits were pending against Prudential and Pruco
Securities, including 21 purported class actions.

Analysts agreed that determining cost is a "difficult proposition" but noted the
organization's financial "flexibility." However, there was some agreement that
any amount over $ 500 million would impact Prudential's ratings (see Financial
News on page 55.)

Analysts agreed that at least in the short-term, Prudential's image is
negatively impacted.

"It hurts the company. It gives competitors another reason to pick on the
company when they are competing against it. It is a short-term issue but in the
long-term, they will reestablish momentum," said Larry Mayewski, an analyst with
A. M. Best Co. The rating agency has the company under review with developing
implications.

New management will be "extremely critical in making a success" of this
situation, he said. So far, Mr. Mayewski added, management has "dealt with this
head on."

"Prudential's image can be fixed but it remains unclear as to how quickly the
brand name can be restored to what it was," said Patrick Finnegan, an analyst
with Moody's Investors Service. The rating agency has Prudential's "Aa3"
financial strength rating under review for a possible downgrade.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1996 The National Underwriter Company


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 17, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Help for Victims of Crooked Schools

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 641 words


State attorneys general have long served on the front lines of the struggle to
control and discipline predatory for-profit colleges that saddle students with
crippling debt while granting them useless degrees, or no degrees at all. On
April 9, nine of them who know firsthand how people can be deceived and bled dry
sent a letter to the Department of Education, asking it to provide restitution
-- and help fix the problem -- by forgiving the federal student loans of people
harmed by crooked schools. The letter makes a strong case for prompt action.

The problem of nonprofit schools received national exposure last year when
Corinthian Colleges, one of the nation's largest operators of for-profit
colleges and trade schools, collapsed in the midst of a federal investigation.
The company agreed to shut down or sell about 100 campuses. Earlier this week,
the Department of Education fined Corinthian $30 million for misrepresenting job
placement rates in one of the chains it owns, saying that the company had
''violated students' and taxpayers' trust.''

Corinthian was already facing a lawsuit brought by the California attorney
general, Kamala Harris, who accused the company of a host of wrongs, including
lying to students and investors about job placement programs. The federal
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau subsequently sued Corinthian on grounds
that it had ''lured tens of thousands of students to take out private loans to
cover expensive tuition costs by advertising bogus job prospects and career
services.''

The idea of forgiving these loans altogether gained traction when a group of
former Corinthian students refused to repay their loans, which they claimed were
often the product of a predatory private lending scheme. The group, part of an
organization called the Debt Collective, noted that the Department of Education
had broad authority to forgive debt in cases where schools had committed
wrongdoing. The department could then force the offending schools to reimburse
the government.

In December, 13 Senate Democrats urged the department to immediately forgive
loans for Corinthian borrowers covered by lawsuits filed at the federal or state
levels. In the April 9 letter to Education Secretary Arne Duncan, state
attorneys general from California, Connecticut, Illinois, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, New Mexico, New York, Oregon and Washington lent their voices to
the forgiveness campaign, urging the department to ''immediately relieve
borrowers of the obligation to repay federal student loans that were incurred as
a result of violations of state law by Corinthian Colleges, Inc.''

The letter said: ''These cases against Corinthian have unmasked a school that
relentlessly pursued potential students -- including veterans, single parents,
and first-time higher education seekers -- promising jobs and high earnings, and
preying on their hopes in an effort to secure federal funds.''

The complaint from the attorneys general went beyond Corinthian to a systemwide
problem: ''Our greatest concern comes from certain large, predatory for-profit
schools that are actively undermining our federal loan programs, depriving
students of the education they promise and that the students deserve. These
institutions seem to exist largely to capture federal loan dollars and
aggressively market their programs to veterans and low-income Americans.''

The attorneys general promised to help the federal government recoup loan
balances from schools that violated state laws or benefited from unlawful
deception.

Over the last 20 years, the Department of Education has received only a handful
of requests from borrowers seeking to escape repayment on grounds of wrongdoing
by schools. Evaluating many such requests will be difficult. But the evidence
shows that such a system is needed and that relief is long overdue.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/17/opinion/help-for-victims-of-crooked-schools.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

State parks ranger cleared of any wrongdoing in 2008 case

BYLINE: Jessica M. Pasko, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


Feb. 09--SANTA CRUZ -- A state parks ranger and lifeguard has been cleared by a
civil court jury of any wrongdoing in a 2008 case in which he was accused of
attacking a woman walking her dog.

Late Thursday morning, a jury reached a verdict finding that Eddie Rhee-Pizano
did not use unreasonable force, conduct outrageous behavior or act with malice
when he approached and eventually arrested a Russian native who was illegally
walking her dog off-leash on Seabright Beach on Oct. 30, 2008.

In the civil complaint, Olga Francesca Cher claimed that Rhee-Pizano did not
identify himself as an officer when he told her she couldn't have her dog off
its leash and asked for her identification. She also claimed that he sexually
attacked her and caused emotional distress.

In court, Rhee-Pizano testified that Cher had refused to identify herself on the
beach and claimed she didn't have any identification. He said he initially
detained her for the off-leash dog infraction but then arrested her for
suspicion of resisting arrest. The two struggled, and Rhee-Pizano held her in a
"wrist lock" by twisting her arm around her back, he said.

In her complaint, Cher said Rhee-Pizano "grabbed at her purse, physically
attacked her, violently kicked her ankle and groped her breasts and groin area."

The charges against Cher for suspicion of resisting arrest were later dismissed.

Rhee-Pizano has been a ranger, lifeguard and peace officer since 2001 and trains
others state parks lifeguards.

___ (c)2012 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120209-QC-State-parks-ranger-cleared-of-any-wrongdoing
-in-2008-case-0209-20120209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2012 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 18, 2012 Saturday

JACKSONVILLE JOURNAL

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 328 words


NO CAUSE FOUND FOR CHANGES ON FCAT AT CHAFFEE TRAIL SCHOOL

After a yearlong investigation into an "unusually high number of erasures" at
Duval County's Chaffee Trail Elementary, officials were unable to determine a
cause.

Chaffee Trail was one of 21 schools in the state investigated for having a high
number of "wrong-to-right erasures" on the FCAT in 2011. All but four of the
schools were cleared of any wrongdoing.

Chaffee Trail was among the four schools not cleared of wrongdoing.

ST. JOHNS COUNTY

PARENTS OFFERED NEW WAY TO MONITOR CHILD'S PROGRESS

The St. Johns County school district is offering parents a new way to monitor
their child's academic progress. The Home Access Center is a web-based
application that is part of the student information system, eSchoolPlus. It is
available to parents and legal guardians of students.

It provides a daily summary page of student information including schedule and
attendance, discipline information, class work, test scores, grades and course
requests. The portal also allows students to view their own records in the
system to help keep them informed and actively participating in their progress.

For more information on the HAC portal, access the district's website at
www.stjohns.k12.fl.us/hac/, under the section labeled, "For Parents and
Students."

SEA MONSTERS EXHIBIT SLATED FOR ST. AUGUSTINE MUSEUM

Sea Monsters are coming Monday, Oct. 1, for a monthlong visit to the St.
Augustine Lighthouse and Museum at 81 Lighthouse Ave.

The traveling exhibit brings extreme ocean animal adaptations to life, and was
developed by Mote Marine Laboratory to offer a glimpse into the fascinating
"monster" characteristics of some sea animals.

Sea Monsters was developed by Mote, initially created though a grant from the
federal Institute of Museum and Library Services in Washington.

Lighthouse museum admission is $9.50 for adults and $7.50 for seniors and
children 12 or under. For more information, log onto staugustinelighthouse.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 24, 2009 Tuesday

Penn Hills lawmaker DeLuca scrutinized by grand jury

BYLINE: Tony LaRussa

LENGTH: 733 words


Three Penn Hills residents say they testified before a state grand jury
investigating possible wrongdoing involving state Rep. Tony DeLuca.

Several other residents said they received subpoenas to appear before the grand
jury but have not been called to testify. They said investigators with the
office of Attorney General Tom Corbett interviewed them.

Corbett's office would not comment or confirm an investigation involving DeLuca.

DeLuca, a Penn Hills Democrat, denied any wrongdoing.

"If somebody files a complaint, it has to be investigated," DeLuca said. "But
I've done nothing wrong. I have not been contacted by the attorney general's
office, and nobody on my staff has been contacted."

DeLuca said any such investigation would be politically motivated.

"This is how the political game is played," he said. "But any accusations
against me are false."

A House member since 1982, DeLuca has championed senior citizen and consumer
issues, and chairs the House Insurance Committee. Though he sometimes takes part
in House debates on statewide issues, DeLuca more often tends to matters
affecting his district.

Corbett's office is investigating potential political corruption in the
Legislature. During the past 18 months, scores of House Republican and
Democratic staffers have received subpoenas to appear before a Harrisburg-based
grand jury. The grand jury's proceedings are secret.

James Black, a member of the Penn Hills Planning Commission, said a state
investigator questioned him at his home Jan. 8 about whether DeLuca used his
influence to keep a local software company, Vocollect, from expanding its
operations in Penn Hills.

"I told them that I believed Tony DeLuca used his influence to prevent the
project from happening," said Black, who is running in the May 19 Democratic
primary for a seat on Penn Hills Council. DeLuca's son, Anthony DeLuca, is in
the second year of his second term as Penn Hills mayor.

"I told them that I thought Penn Hills had a puppet council and that (Rep.)
DeLuca pulled the strings. I told them that no decision is made by council
without Tony Sr. knowing about it," Black said.

Al Papa, chairman of the Penn Hills Planning Commission, said a state
investigator interviewed him for a total of about six hours on two occasions in
late January and early February.

Papa declined to detail questions he was asked or information he provided,
except to say they discussed Vocollect and "wide-ranging activities" that could
be construed as misuse of public office.

Vocollect, which makes voice recognition software, leases a building off Rodi
Road on the border of Penn Hills and Wilkins, near an entrance to the Parkway
East. For a number of years, the building's owner, Joseph D'Andrea, has asked
Penn Hills for a zoning variance so the company can expand its operation.

Late last year, the planning commission approved a request to allow D'Andrea to
add parking at the site, but council tabled the measure and has not rescheduled
a vote on the matter.

D'Andrea said he showed investigators the Vocollect site. He considers himself a
victim of DeLuca and efforts to keep Vocollect from expanding.

"You better believe he's the guy behind this," D'Andrea said. "I don't know the
reason he got in the middle, but he did."

Peggy Denham, who is running for council as a Democrat, said she testified
before the grand jury Jan. 8 in Pittsburgh, answering questions about DeLuca.

Denham said Monday she is worried about speaking publicly about her testimony
because it might affect her job as a state auditor. She declined to offer detail
about questions she was asked and information she provided.

Diane Fitzhenry, deputy clerk for Penn Hills, said she testified before the jury
in early January but was told not to speak publicly about the case because the
investigation is ongoing.

Erin Vecchio, who chairs the Penn Hills Democratic Committee and is a member of
the Penn Hills School Board, said she testified before the grand jury Dec. 11
but was told not to discuss details of her testimony.

Vecchio said she was asked about possible "criminal activity and corruption."

Corbett charged 12 people with ties to the House Democratic Caucus with felonies
in July, accusing them of doing political work with state resources. They
included former Majority Whip Mike Veon of Beaver Falls, who awaits trial on
charges of theft, conspiracy and conflict of interest.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 11, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Reader responses: ELIAN GONZALEZ: Sore losers

BYLINE: William Doxey, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 128 words

In the matter of Elian Gonzalez, the Justice Department used exactly the right
amount of "force" to avoid bloodshed. Proof? There were no injuries, except to
the inflated egos of a few thousand Cubans who fled their land during adversity,
rather than staying and fighting for it. The main reason that these banana
republic "Americans" hate Castro is not that he's a " Communist" but that he,
not they, had the raw courage to defeat against all odds the corrupt dictator
Fulgencio Batista, who was supported by U.S. corporate bribery as well as the
gambling and prostitution interests of the Mafia. As a father, stepfather and
grandfather, I was happy to see our government stand up for parental rights and
put down a self-righteous mob.
WILLIAM DOXEY, Carrollton

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   January 2, 1997, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

LETTERS;
Newt Gingrich's hypocrisy adds to America's cynicism

BYLINE: PETER GERSTEL; Decatur

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 09A

LENGTH: 953 words


The Editors: Newt Gingrich's admission of ethics violations is a concrete
example of why many Americans are so cynical. After two years of denials,
Gingrich finally admitted that he committed violations. But rather than admit
wrongdoing, Gingrich has claimed that the furnishing of false information was
the fault of his lawyer.

It is ironic that the most recognized leader of the party of "personal
responsibility" has failed to hold himself to the same standards asked of
millions of Americans. This is not surprising; America's leaders are fond of
extolling the virtues of honesty, integrity and personal responsibility, but a
corresponding display of these features is often missing from their actions. And
while Gingrich is not the only leader to commit such transgressions, his are
more glaring because he has deliberately assailed the character of others as a
means to enhance his status.

In an attempt to downplay Gingrich's admission of wrongdoing, many of his
congressional colleagues and supporters have stated that the violations are
minor and insignificant. Furthermore, they believe that because he has admitted
wrongdoing, it is unnecessary to severely punish him. I find all of this
appalling. It is incomprehensible to me that these people fail to see the
hypocrisy embedded in their words. Or, maybe they do recognize it, but they just
do not care. In any event, they appear to be ignorant of the damage they are
doing to this country. By trying to downplay such serious indiscretions,
Gingrich supporters are sending the message that it is OK to be dishonest
---unless it is done by an adversary.

One of the biggest issues in the national spotlight is education. I am
constantly bombarded with messages (by the media and politicians) that American
children need to be taught "character" and "morals" at home and in school. As an
educator, I see the importance of instilling integrity and character in
children, but I fear that the painful task of attempting to do this is
constantly being undermined by leaders like Gingrich. As children age and become
aware of the world in which they reside, they begin to recognize that virtuous
behavior often goes unrewarded in American society. Instead, they see that many
of America's most visible leaders have attained such positions because they have
done whatever was necessary to get there, regardless of the costs to others.

Gerstel is a teacher's aide with kindergartners at Fifth Avenue Elementary
School in Decatur.

Keep the caldron
JOHNNY COE, Norcross

The Editors: It is a sad state of affairs in Atlanta when there is a controversy
about the location and upkeep of the Olympic caldron. The 1996 Olympics stands
as one the greatest events to occur in Atlanta in my lifetime, and is a source
of pride to people who live here. The Braves winning the World Series in 1995 is
also a source of pride for many Americans.

As a Braves season ticket holder and a proud native Atlantan, I would hope the
Olympic caldron would remain at Turner Field for all who attend the Braves game
to behold. It seems ironic that the Braves organization can raise ticket prices
to pay millions to their high-priced athletes, but are reluctant to incur a $
300,000 expense for the upkeep of the Olympic caldron should it remain at Turner
Field.

If the Olympic caldron is removed from Turner Field due to a lack of commitment
by the Braves organization, I will display a lack of commitment to the Braves by
not renewing my season tickets. I will encourage others to do the same.

Bad decisions
OLIVIA CARPENTER-GIBSON, Lithonia

The Editors: I was very distressed by the comments from the writer of the letter
"Unfair system" who felt that the actions of the homeowner, because his property
rights had been violated by toilet paper rolling, was justified to chase the
young girls involved (three 15-year-old Cobb County girls died in a Halloween
eve car crash following the incident).

I would like to believe that a majority of homeowners would react the same as
me, by simply accepting the paper rolling of their yard as a mischievous act,
not intended to harm anyone. It is possible that the young girls did not stay
and face the music of their actions because our society feels that violent
measures are necessary to protect our personal property and, therefore, they may
have feared for their safety.

It would be nice to live in a perfect world, where no one makes mistakes,
especially our children. The fact is, making bad decisions is a part of life.
None of us were perfect teenagers, and we are not perfect adults.

A lot of bad decisions were made that dreadful night, resulting in tragic
consequences, but we do not have the benefit of a crystal ball to let us know
what the outcome of our decisions will be.

We are human beings who could all find ourselves suffering the same "hell" these
families are going through, just because we made a bad decision.

Voter law a flop
Sen. PAUL D. COVERDELL (R-Ga.)

The Editors: Thanks to the writer of the letter "Motor Voter may destroy our
registration system" for his frank summation of the federal Motor Voter Act.
What higher opinion than that of an experienced member of the elections board do
we need to prove that this legislation is a flop.

Coming from the "field," the writer has first hand knowledge of the problems
Motor Voter has caused. I would like to add to the list of problems he outlined
the tremendous costs associated with this law. Georgia was forced to spend $ 6.6
million to implement this system, which will cost us $ 3 million annually to
maintain. All that for a system that actually decreased ---in terms of
percentage ---voter participation.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           October 8, 2005, Saturday

PHOENIX FOUR IN THE CLEAR;
 ROVER: 'NO EVIDENCE OF WRONGDOING' BEFORE COLLAPSE

SECTION: Weekend Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 219 words

HIGHLIGHT: DIRECTORS...John Towers, Nick Stephenson, John Edwards and Peter
Beale


THE Phoenix Four, widely blamed for the demise of Rover, will be cleared of any
wrongdoing in a confidential report. A probe by administrators
Pricewater-houseCoopers is believed to have cleared the four directors of
Phoenix Venture Holdings of culpability for the firm's crash.

The claim follows an interview with PwC insolvency expert Tony Lomas over the
Longbridge car maker after its collapse in April.

Administrators have to report to the Department of Trade and Industry on whether
or not evidence of wrongdoing on the part of directors has emerged.

Mr Lomas apparently would not comment on the contents of the report but it is
reported to have found nothing detrimental in the Four's actions.

Mr Lomas could not be contacted yesterday.

The four PVH directors, John Towers, Nick Stephenson, John Edwards and Peter
Beale, came under attack two years ago when it emerged they had set up a £13
million pension fund for themselves.

A spokesman for the four men said of yesterday's report: "If that is the case,
obviously the directors will be pleased.

"It will be yet another of the long list of inquiries, including one by the
Trade and Industry Select Committee and one on behalf of the trade unions, which
have established that the directors have behaved properly throughout

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           October 8, 2005, Saturday

PHOENIX FOUR IN THE CLEAR;
 ROVER: 'NO EVIDENCE OF WRONGDOING' BEFORE COLLAPSE

SECTION: Weekend Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 219 words

HIGHLIGHT: DIRECTORS...John Towers, Nick Stephenson, John Edwards and Peter
Beale


THE Phoenix Four, widely blamed for the demise of Rover, will be cleared of any
wrongdoing in a confidential report. A probe by administrators
Pricewater-houseCoopers is believed to have cleared the four directors of
Phoenix Venture Holdings of culpability for the firm's crash.

The claim follows an interview with PwC insolvency expert Tony Lomas over the
Longbridge car maker after its collapse in April.

Administrators have to report to the Department of Trade and Industry on whether
or not evidence of wrongdoing on the part of directors has emerged.

Mr Lomas apparently would not comment on the contents of the report but it is
reported to have found nothing detrimental in the Four's actions.

Mr Lomas could not be contacted yesterday.

The four PVH directors, John Towers, Nick Stephenson, John Edwards and Peter
Beale, came under attack two years ago when it emerged they had set up a £13
million pension fund for themselves.

A spokesman for the four men said of yesterday's report: "If that is the case,
obviously the directors will be pleased.

"It will be yet another of the long list of inquiries, including one by the
Trade and Industry Select Committee and one on behalf of the trade unions, which
have established that the directors have behaved properly throughout

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           August 17, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

TD settles in Enron dispute

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO (CP) -- Despite disavowing any wrongdoing in the Enron affair, TD Bank
has agreed to pay $130 million US to settle some of the legal fallout
surrounding the U.S. energy giant's collapse.

"In making this settlement, we denied any wrongdoing or liability," CEO Ed Clark
said in a conference call after the announcement Tuesday .

"We have agreed to a negotiated settlement because we thought it was preferable
to the time, expense and unpredictability of litigation."

Under the settlement, TD Bank will make a pre-tax payment of $50 million US in
cash to Enron Corp. to resolve alleged common-law claims related to the
"megaclaims" lawsuit filed by Enron in relation to its bankruptcy.

Toronto-based TD also said it will add $300 million US to its reserve for a
securities class-action lawsuit pending in Texas, resulting in an after-tax
charge of $238 million Cdn, to be recorded in the third quarter.

In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced Tuesday it will pay $350 million US
to settle its part of the megaclaims suit. JPMorgan agreed in June to pay $2.2
billion US to Enron shareholders to settle its part of the class-action suit.

Earlier this month, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce agreed to pay $250
million US in the megaclaims suit, while also agreeing to a $2.4-billion-US
settlement -- the largest so far -- in the class action.

And in late July, Royal Bank of Canada agreed to pay $25 million in a megaclaims
settlement, plus $24 million so its bankruptcy claims against Enron would no
longer be subordinated.

Enron has sued 10 banks, alleging they "aided and abetted fraud" and could have
prevented the company's collapse.

The former energy trader, which filed for bankruptcy in 2001, is liquidating its
operations and restructuring its business units for distribution to its
creditors. Money from Tuesday's settlements will also go to creditors.

New York-based JPMorgan said it does not expect its settlement, which is still
subject to approval by the bankruptcy court, to have a "material adverse impact"
on earnings.

"With today's agreement, we have put behind us another significant piece of our
Enron exposure," said William Harrison, JPMorgan's chairman and CEO, in a
prepared statement.

And TD's Clark said: "I want to be clear that agreeing to this settlement does
not change our view of where TD stands with respect to Enron. "We did not have a
close relationship with Enron.

"Indeed, Enron itself noted that TD had a modest role relative to others in this
case."

The Canadian bank will also pay $20 million US "to resolve alleged bankruptcy
avoidance claims." The claims relate to payments made by Enron to creditors in
the three years before Enron declared bankruptcy.

And it will pay $60 million US so

that Enron will allow about $320 million US in claims against the former energy
trader that TD had transferred to third parties.

TD made those two payments "because the economics remained favourable to do so,"
Clark said.

Dominion Bond Rating Service called the settlement "modestly positive as
litigation risk is reduced, although the class-action suit remains outstanding."

Enron said the settlements announced Tuesday bring payments in the megaclaims
case to $735 million. In addition, banks have agreed to forgo or pay to pursue
claims valued at around $3 billion.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Inquiry Finds No Wrongdoing by DraftKings Employee, the Company Says

BYLINE: By JOE DRAPE

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 604 words


Greenberg Traurig, a law firm hired by the daily fantasy sports company
DraftKings to investigate allegations that a DraftKings employee used insider
information to win $350,000 at the rival website FanDuel, found no wrongdoing,
according to a two-page summary that DraftKings released Monday.

John Pappalardo, a former United States attorney for Massachusetts, led the
inquiry, which concluded that the employee, Ethan Haskell, a midlevel content
manager, had inadvertently released data about DraftKings contestants' lineups
but was unable to use that information in the FanDuel contest. The summary noted
that Haskell did not receive the information until 40 minutes after he had to
submit his lineup on FanDuel.

The summary did not address how, or why, Haskell possessed that information.

DraftKings declined to say whether the law firm was investigating allegations
that two other employees, Jon Aguiar and Rick Sawyer, had access to nonpublic
data.

The F.B.I. and the New York attorney's general office are investigating whether
employees of DraftKings and FanDuel used predatory tactics to win money from
casual customers on one another's sites. In addition, The Associated Press
reported Monday that Georgia regulators were questioning whether the companies
could operate under the state's tight restrictions on gambling.

The F.B.I. inquiry is also examining whether DraftKings encouraged and accepted
deposits and bets from states where the contests were prohibited, according to
fantasy players who said they had been contacted by agents. The information
under review includes a post by Jon Aguiar, an executive in charge of developing
high-volume fantasy players, on a public thread informing players how to deposit
funds and play in contests in states and countries where the games are
prohibited.

Nevada regulators ruled Thursday that daily fantasy sports should be considered
gambling, not games of skill, and ordered the websites to suspend operations
until the companies and their employees received state gambling licenses.

FanDuel and some smaller rivals did so, but a spokeswoman for DraftKings said it
was making an exception for some of its customers in Nevada, acknowledging that
''players who had already entered games on Thursday'' were able to continue to
play ''until games close and are paid out on Monday night, regardless of their
location.''

In addition, the Nevada-based blog Legal Sports Report said it was able to enter
daily fantasy sports contests on DraftKings from a Nevada I.P. address --
something it was unable to do on rival sites such as FanDuel.

A. G. Burnett, the chairman of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, said that he was
aware of DraftKings's stance and that his agency was monitoring the situation.

As state and federal investigations continue and class-action suits alleging
fraud pile up -- there are at least 10 so far -- the fallout is having an impact
on business. The total participation and spending for both DraftKings and
FanDuel fell on Sunday for the first time this N.F.L. season, according to
SuperLobby, an independent site tracking the industry's guaranteed-prize games.

DraftKings posted 3.76 million entries in guaranteed prize pools on Sunday,
compared with 4.14 million the week before; total entry fees dropped to $22.86
million from $25.05 million. FanDuel had 3.27 million entries on Sunday,
compared with 3.38 million a week earlier; entry fees dropped to $19.93 million
from $20.58 million.

''The daily fantasy sports industry experienced a reality check yesterday,''
David Copeland, SuperLobby's chief executive, said in a statement Monday.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/20/sports/inquiry-finds-no-wrongdoing
-by-draftkings-employee-the-company-says.html

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Casco ferry board votes to probe complaints;
Workers allege misdeeds by management, but GM Patrick Christian says the probe
will vindicate him.

BYLINE: KELLEY BOUCHARD Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: Portland


Casco Bay Lines' board of directors voted unanimously Friday to hire an
independent lawyer to investigate employees' recent allegations of wrongdoing
and mismanagement by General Manager Patrick Christian.

Christian denies any wrongdoing and said he welcomes the investigation.

Residents of Peaks, Great Diamond, Cliff, Long and Chebeague islands are
circulating a petition asking for a change in management of the ferry line.

In addition, a former board member asked Gov. John Baldacci this week to direct
Maine's Public Utilities Commission to investigate alleged problems with the
ferry line's management and operations. The governor has asked the PUC to review
islanders' and employees' concerns.

The board received a petition on March 17, signed by 23 ferry line employees,
that accused Christian of encouraging a culture of favoritism and fear; failing
to address safety, harassment and fraud issues; and refusing to speak with
customers and employees, among other things.

Patricia Peard, a labor expert with the Portland law firm Bernstein Shur, is
expected to investigate the employees' complaints and report to the board within
a month or so, said Arlen Davis, board president.

The district is usually represented by the Portland law firm Drummond Woodsum &
MacMahon.

Davis, who represents Little Diamond Island, said he hopes Peard's effort will
address concerns that have plagued the ferry line for more than a decade.

"Let's find out what all this is about, once and for all, and let the chips fall
where they may," Davis said after the board meeting. "My loyalty is not to the
islanders or to the management or to the employees. It's to the entire company.
. . . When something is broken, I want to fix it. And if it's not broken and
just needs improvement, then let's (improve) it."

The Casco Bay Island Transit District, established by the Legislature in 1981,
is a quasi-municipal, nonprofit corporation owned by residents of six Casco Bay
islands. Its board has 10 members elected by islanders and two appointed members
representing Portland and the state.

Christian has been general manager since 1983. Some islanders and employees also
have complained about Operations Manager Nicholas Mavodones, a Portland city
councilor, who started as a deckhand more than 20 years ago. He has been
operations manager since 1997.

Both men defend their work records and say the complaints are groundless.

"I fully support the board's decision to hire an investigator to look into the
issues raised in the petition," Christian said after Friday's meeting. "I
believe I will be fully vindicated."

Employees also welcomed the board's action.

"I feel a little bit relieved that at least the board is listening to us and
willing to do something about our concerns," Rob Anderson, an operations agent
who signed the petition, said after Friday's meeting.

Beth Weber, a former board member who lives on Great Diamond Island, said she
wrote a letter to the governor this week because she believes his attention may
bring long-sought changes. In his response letter, Baldacci said he contacted
the Public Utilities Commission and asked its members to review Weber's
concerns.

"We have a lot of questions and we never get answers," Weber said after the
meeting. "There are a lot of red flags and we feel (the ferry line) should be
investigated."

The board's public vote followed a closed-door session, during which directors
also discussed ongoing contract negotiations with the union of ferry captains
and deckhands.

Afterward, the board also voted to seek the help of a mediator through the Maine
Labor Relations Board, Christian said.

Staff Writer Kelley Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6328 or at:

kbouchard@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             November 8, 2003 Saturday Five Star Late Lift Edition

GREEN IS A WITNESS IN CITY VOTING-FRAUD CASE, CIRCUIT ATTORNEY SAYS

BYLINE: Jo Mannies Post-Dispatch Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 472 words


St. Louis Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce says Comptroller Darlene Green faces
no charges but "is a witness" to the attempted vote fraud or cover-up that led
to nine indictments on Friday.

Joyce told reporters during Friday's news conference that Green would be called
to testify during the trial, which is expected to be held next year.

Joyce added that Green "has been cooperative" with authorities investigating the
failed attempt in February 2001 to register about 3,800 fraudulent voters for
the mayoral election in March.

A spokesman for Green reaffirmed on Friday the comptroller's previous statements
that she witnessed no wrongdoing when she was present for a February 2001
meeting in her campaign office, where authorities say a scheme was hatched to
destroy copies of the fraudulent registrations.

But Green's status as a key figure in the case has prompted differing reactions
from the city's other two top officials: Mayor Francis Slay and Board of
Aldermen President Jim Shrewsbury.

In separate interviews, both men emphasized that the indictments were serious
and that they weren't privy to all the evidence.

Regarding Green, the mayor said, "A public official has an obligation to come
forward when they become aware of illegal activities - pa rticularly activities
that could undermine elections."

Said Shrewsbury: "I will take Darlene at her word, in her statement that she
wasn't involved. ... I seriously don't believe that Darlene Green could be
involved in this kind of wrongdoing."

Both officials are noncommittal about whether the key whistle-blower in the case
- Assistant Democratic Elections Director Keena Carter - should keep her job.

Carter also was present at that meeting in Green's campaign office. Joyce said
that Carter, who was granted immunity, "provided evidence that forms the basis
of our case."

Shrewsbury said that if Carter "is a party to (wrongdoing), she should not keep
her position."

Slay said he was concerned that Carter had been at that meeting, but added, "She
is the one who provided the information that led to these indictments."

A grand jury issued the indictments of nine people, who combined face 134 counts
of wrongdoing. All were involved in Operation Big Vote, a longstanding local
operation aimed at registering more minorities to vote.

Nona Montgomery, then the head of Big Vote, is accused of destroying copies of
the cards, a suggestion allegedly made at that meeting in Green's campaign
office. Montgomery was charged with one count of tampering with physical
evidence and one count of perjury for allegedly lying to the first grand jury
that investigated the case. The maximum penalty for perjury is seven years in
prison and a $5,000 fine.

The eight others worked for Montgomery and are accused of creating the
fraudulent registrations.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LOCAL

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                            October 23, 2007 Tuesday

Missouri man gets neither art nor insurance, state appeals court orders

BYLINE: Allison Retka

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 992  words


A state appeals court has ended a Missouri man's legal battle to win back eight
pieces of expensive art taken from his residence in 2004.

The court ruled earlier this month that real estate agent Stuart Slavin could
not recover the paintings because it never belonged to him in the first place.

FBI agents removed the works from Slavin's home in Ladue, believing the
paintings were part of a $4 million cache of art snatched from a Clayton art
gallery two years earlier.

Despite an extensive federal investigation into the stolen art, Slavin sued the
original owners in St. Louis County Circuit Court, demanding the paintings'
return. He also sued his insurance company, claiming Pacific Indemnity Co. owned
him $800,000 in property losses after federal authorities confiscated the
pieces.

But the Missouri Court of Appeals, Eastern District, firmly sided with the
insurance company and the original owners of the paintings, Dr. David and Diane
Harter of Palm City, Fla.

"It is a well-established rule that a subsequent purchaser of a stolen item does
not obtain good title, notwithstanding the fact that such purchaser may be
innocent of any wrongdoing," the appeals court wrote in an unpublished memo
accompanying the Oct. 9 decision.

Slavin's attorneys maintain their client was not only innocent of wrongdoing but
worthy of praise; it was through Slavin's investigations into his newly acquired
art that the dubious ownership details were uncovered.

"We felt one way or another that Stuart would be made whole; that at the very
least he would have a viable insurance claim. He gets neither, which I think is
very tragic," said Duane Coleman, the Lewis Rice attorney who handled Slavin's
appeal. "It punishes someone who did the right thing. The irony is ... if he had
shut up, he would still have [the art]. "

The pair who sold Slavin the art, Donald Rasch and Biron Valier, were sentenced
to federal prison in 2005 for the theft from Fine Arts Express. According to
federal court records, Valier received 90 days in prison and six month's house
arrest and Rasch got two years in prison.

In February 2007, the government slapped Rasch with two additional counts of
lying to federal agents and one count of transporting two stolen Arthur Dove
paintings to Illinois in 2002.

According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, Rasch is housed at the federal
prison in Terre Haute, Ind., with an expected release date of Dec. 28.

U.S. District Judge Charles A. Shaw also ordered the two men to pay $1.19
million in restitution to the Harters.

Larry Friedman, the Thompson Coburn attorney for the Harters, said he could not
comment on the status of the restitution payments because a number of works are
still missing and under federal investigation. In November 2006, Friedman said
the couple had not yet seen a cent.

Rasch and Valier were gallery employees when they claimed 40 crates of the
Harters' artwork, which the couple had stored in St. Louis while making a
cross-country move. While negotiating with Slavin over $65,500 in art sales,
Rasch told him he inherited the pieces from his grandfather, the appeals
decision recounted. Rasch later recanted and said he had fished the artwork from
a Dumpster behind the gallery which had been thrown out because the owners
hadn't paid their storage fees.

Whether or not the Harters made regular payments on the storage facility in St.
Louis was not at issue in any of the cases, Friedman said.

"The court correctly concluded that Fine Arts Express stored the art for them,"
Friedman said last November when Associate Circuit Judge Thea A. Sherry ruled in
favor of the Harters. "If Mr. Slavin made assertions that, 'Rasch told me they
didn't pay,' ... well, Rasch is a convicted criminal. It has no bearing on any
of the issues. "

But one of the arguments Slavin raised on appeal is that the Harters never
turned over legitimate documentation of their ownership of the art.

The appeals court decided the papers that the Harters did procure, while vague,
were proof enough that the couple originally owned the pieces. The court also
rejected any suggestion that the Harters effectively abandoned the art by
failing to pay storage fees, saying Slavin's arguments on that point were based
on speculative hearsay evidence.

Coleman insisted the Harters did not prove they owned the art or that their
original ownership trumped that of Slavin's, even if he unknowingly acquired the
paintings from a criminal.

"If Rasch was a thief, then perhaps Stuart did not get good title on the art,"
he conceded. "But that doesn't mean he doesn't have a better claim than the
Harters. "

That Slavin lost his appeal on the insurance claim is a double loss, Coleman
said. Even after federal agents confiscated the art, Slavin paid two years of
annual premiums - $20,600 total - to the insurance company, in the hopes it
would eventually compensate him for the loss.

But the appeals court ruled that because the policy did not become active until
after Slavin suspected he lacked a good title on the art, he had no coverage
under the policy. It was because of the lack of title that the art was taken by
the authorities, the court pointed out.

While Slavin could request a rehearing before the court of appeals or ask the
state Supreme Court to consider the case, Coleman said his client's legal fight
for the art ended with the appeals court decision.

"I think Stuart at this point is probably discouraged with the judicial
process," he said. Slavin lost the money he paid for the stolen work and lost
considerable funds to the insurance coverage and legal fees, Coleman said.

Slavin said he was disappointed by the decision but had no further comment on
the case.

Friedman pointed out that it was the Harters who first suffered the loss of
millions of dollars in art.

"The Harters were the victims of the crime, and it's been an ordeal for them,"
he said. "They're pleased the court has made clear that they are - and always
have been - the true owners. "

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 27, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

Air Waves, Shock Waves

SECTION: Outlook; Editorial; B6

LENGTH: 424 words


THE DECISION of the Federal Communications Commission to strip RKO General,
Inc., of three television licenses has been accurately described by broadcast
executives as "shocking." But whether it is also "abominable" -- the other term
being widely applied -- is something else.

The commission decided Thursday that certain corporate activities of RKO and its
parent, General Tire, make it unfit to hold licenses in Boston, New York and Los
Angeles.  Unless the commission changes its mind about the seriousness of the
activities or its decision is reversed by the courts, RKO seems likely to lose
12 other broadcast licenses as they come up for renewal.  This unprecedented
action against a major broadcaster has sent ripples throughout the radio-TV
industry; a few other companies are particularly worried because their licenses
are under attack on somewhat similar grounds.

The charges made against RKO and General Tire are quite serious as corporate
misdeeds go.  They include, on General Tire's part, improper domestic political
contributions, overseas bribes and defrauding of affiliated companies.  RKO on
its own is said to have filed false financial reports with the FCC, as well as
other material designed to mislead the commission about the alleged wrongdoings
of General Tire.  The two companies are said to have joined in an attempt to
prevent the commission from learning about General Tire's illegal activities
and, in the late 1960s, to have tried to pressure other companies into placing
advertising on RKO's stations as a condition of doing business with General
Tire.

If these allegations are true, and the evidence placed before the FCC suggests
they are, the commission was justified in its action.  Those who hold broadcast
licenses are required by law to be trustworthy and of good character.  There
would be little whimpering if an individual lost a license for the activities
RKO and General Tire are said to have engaged in.  Because the law often treats
a corporation as if it were a person when that is beneficial, it should not act
differently when that is painful.

The argument that punishing RKO for the wrongdoing of General Tire is like
punishing a son for his parent's misdeeds misses the point.  RKO is controlled
by General Tire, and the form of corporate ownership by which this is
accomplished should be irrelevant.  Acceptance of the idea that a subsidiary is
something other than an arm of its parent corporation would open the way for all
kinds of corporate irresponsibility.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Mosaic denies engaging in fraud;
Board member resigns; offended by online posts

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 3

LENGTH: 879 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mosaic responds


WORCESTER -- Mosaic Cultural Complex, the city based grass-roots organization
slated for investigation by the attorney general, has denied any wrongdoing and
vowed to cooperate fully with the probe.

"Having engaged in no fraud or other wrongdoing, Mosaic Cultural Complex
welcomes a review of its business practices by the Massachusetts Attorney
General's office," the organization said in a statement. "Mosaic has already
initiated contact with the Attorney General's office and will work cooperatively
with the office to assist the Worcester City Manager in maintaining public
confidence in Mosaic and the Prevention Wellness Trust Fund."

Mosaic said it would also "conduct its own internal investigation and review and
take appropriate action as a result of its findings."

Mosaic, a small, minority-led organization that works with some of the city's
most disadvantaged people, was hired by the city to help it fulfill a $6
million, multi-year grant it received from the state in 2014. The group was
contracted to conduct hypertension screening clinics as part of a state health
initiative, and records indicate the city has given it more than $200,000 in
state grant funding since November 2014.

City Manager Edward M. Augustus Jr. asked the attorney general Monday to
investigate Mosaic, writing in a brief statement that questions had arisen about
recent grant payments to the organization.

SEE mosaic,  A7

City councilors supported that decision Tuesday in a contentious meeting during
which some current or former members of Mosaic yelled obscenities at the council
and one called Councilor-at-Large Michael T. Gaffney a racist.

Mr. Gaffney had successfully pushed last summer for an initial audit of Mosaic,
which uncovered wage law violations but no fraud. Mr. Gaffney said Tuesday night
that he had seen time sheets of employees posted online that he believes raise
serious questions about whether employees were working the hours they said they
were. Other councilors expressed similar concerns. Mr. Gaffney also took issue
with statements one Mosaic employee allegedly posted to Facebook in which the
man called working for a grass-roots organization a "hustle" and insulted
clients.

"We have to improve race relations, but we don't have to hear from people ....
who are going to gin up something so they can profit off of it," Mr. Gaffney
said Tuesday.

In its statement, Mosaic said it "chooses not to respond to those persons with
personal or political agendas whose mission it appears is to spread untruths,
perpetuate stereotypes, and to tear the community apart but who either do not
know or care about Mosaic's mission and work."

Mosaic said it will continue to operate as normal as the attorney general
investigates; however, it will do so without at least one of its board members.

The Rev. Clyde D. Talley of Belmont A.M.E. Zion Church on Illinois Street
confirmed Tuesday that he recently sent Ms. Jenkins a letter of resignation.

Mr. Talley, who said he was on the board for about a year, said he was offended
by Facebook posts from Mosaic employees.

"Some of the comments that were out there from some of the employees were to me
just disrespectful," he said. "It's just in conflict with my beliefs, especially
as a pastor."

Mr. Talley said he attended quarterly meetings of the Mosaic board for the past
year and did not see any red flags raised about the organization. He said the
meetings mostly consisted of information about what projects Mosaic was doing in
the community.

"My impression was of a good community organization that was looking to help
black men and those dealing with hypertension," he said. "To me, it was a good
grass-roots organization."

Rev. Talley said he does not have much insight into the allegations swirling
around the group.

"I know as much as everyone else knows right now," he said.

Rev. Talley said he does not believe any injection of race into the discussion
of Mosaic is necessary.

"People are going to have their opinions, and you can't help that," he said. "I
think to really move this forward, (we should) set aside the name calling, the
'why was Mosaic investigated in the first place' (question), and focus on how
can we improve the current situation in a way that will move both the city
forward and the organization forward."

The organization, established in 2005, said in its statement that its mission
"has always been to provide the highest level of services and to improve the
quality of life for the vulnerable and re-entry adult segment of the Worcester
population." It went on to list a number of health projects in which is has been
involved, including the Barbershop Health Network and Worcester Violence
Prevention Program.

Mosaic's founder and president, Brenda Jenkins, was awarded the YWCA's Katharine
F. Erskine Award in 2015 in the community, social service and government
category and the Red Cross Community Hero Award in 2011.

Mosaic's website features high-profile endorsements of Ms. Jenkins, including
from Secretary of State John F. Kerry and U.S. Rep. James P. McGovern,
D-Worcester.

Ms. Jenkins has declined interview requests. Mosaic's lawyer, Howard Stempler,
did not return phone calls seeking comment.

-- Contact Brad Petrishen at brad.petrishen@telegram.com Follow him on Twitter
@BPetrishenTG.

From Page A3

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                                  May 12, 2015

Seminar to discuss reformed market economies

LENGTH: 507  words


The world-wide demand for transparency is constantly bringing cases of bad
practice and wrongdoings in economic life and finance to the knowledge of the
public. This is in itself positive however, it also contributes to an increased
gap in trust between economic actors and public opinion where the wrongdoings of
a few lead to a general negative judgment on the market economy as a whole.

On the 3rd June, the Fondazione Centesimus Annus Pro Pontifice (FCAPP) is
organising a seminar to present a proposal for a reformed market economy.

The Seminar will in fact probe into the merits of a paper published by the
Fondazione Centesimus Annus Pro Pontifice, referred to as the 2015 Statement, a
"Reformed Market Economy: Entrepreneurship for Human Development". The paper has
been researched, debated and written during a number of conventions held in the
Vatican, Dublin, London and New York in response to Pope Francis' statement
"thou shalt not to an economy of exclusion and inequality - such an economy
kills".

The seminar which will be held at the Seminary in Tal- Virtu', Rabat between
18.00 hrs and 19.30 hrs with the participation of Lawrence Zammit, Economist,
Rev. Fr Mark Sultana, Philosopher, Gejtu Vella, a former Trade Unionist and
today an industrial relations consultant and Joseph F X Zahra, as chairman of
the panel.

Archbishop Charles J. Scicluna will also be delivering a keynote address during
the seminar.

"In the last few years, financial global development has been characterized by
economic volatility. As a result of the resilience shown by some banks and the
heavy public cost of the bail-out processes of others, the financial sector is
undergoing profound change, both through added regulation and through internally
promoted reform. The call to give this reform a human and ethical perspective
can be translated into practical ways which, in addition to the acknowledged
ethical approach to finance, also involves the idea of "inclusive finance" -
finance that helps fight exclusion. This is widely explained in the statement
that we will be presenting during this seminar which is supported by a number of
facts and ideas," said Joseph F X Zahra.

The statement to be discussed during the seminar stresses that to achieve a more
ethical approach in the financial sector, companies need to change in managerial
culture and behavior, help job creation through decentralized lending, fight
fraud, corruption and abuse, promote stability and clarity of legislation to
mitigate the cost of bureaucracy which leads to corruption, make consumer
protection more effective through transparency and simplification, promote and
support long term investment, mobilize financial technology for inclusive
finance , enrich financial education and redefine the financial business model
with moderate profit objectives and long term incentives and bonus policies.

This seminar is open to the general public, and attendance is guaranteed by
emailing before the 3rd June 2015 on mspiterigonzi@miscomalta.com

2013 Standard Publications Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2015 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Flexsteel denies wrongdoing but agrees to pay $6.25 million

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 177 words


Flexsteel Industries has agreed to pay $6.25 million to settle a lawsuit
alleging the company polluted air and drinking water near Elkhart, Ind.

The company announced the settlement in a recent filing with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. In that filing, the furniture manufacturer
headquartered in Dubuque reasserts that it is not admitting any wrongdoing and
"believes that it did not cause or contribute to the contamination."

The lawsuit was filed in 2011 by a group of plaintiffs that accused the company
of pollution near its Elkhart facilities.

Under the settlement, Flexsteel also will cover any defense costs not reimbursed
by insurance.

All other details of the settlement are confidential, the SEC filing states.

Meanwhile, the company continues to fight its insurance companies regarding
coverage on the claims of pollution.

The SEC filing said Flexsteel has appealed to the Iowa Supreme Court on two
lower-court rulings that the insurance companies did not have to provide
coverage.

Flexsteel officials could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Women say sorry more because of a sense of 'I'm wrong'

BYLINE: Sharon Jayson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 320 words


Women apologize more than men, but it's not because they commit more wrongdoing.
They just think they do.

New research on apologies from Canadian psychologists finds that men have a
"higher threshold" for bad behavior, meaning they just don't see "wrong" the
same way women do, according to a study online in the journal Psychological
Science.

Psychologists at the University of Waterloo in Ontario conducted two studies of
186 people,  divided by gender. They found that men were less likely to be
offended than women and were less likely to think they committed wrongdoing.

"The gender differences just sort of leapt out at us," says co-author Michael
Ross, a psychology professor. "It was too big to ignore. It was just very
clearly there."

In the first study, 33 men and 33 women completed online diaries for 12 days,
describing instances in which they apologized to someone or did something that
might have warranted an apology. That study found women more readily offered up
a mea culpa. But the study also found that contrary to the stereotype, men
didn't avoid apologizing or refuse to admit they were in the wrong. They were
just as likely to apologize if they believed they were actually in the wrong.

Another study of 120 participants asked them to rate specific offenses, how much
that action deserved an apology and how likely they were to say they were sorry
for it.

"Men rated the offenses as less severe than women did," the study found.

"Part of the reason women apologize more is they have a lower threshold for what
is offensive behavior," says Karina Schumann, lead author of the study to appear
in print in November.

"It's not that men are always being insensitive or that women are always seeing
offenses that aren't."

Schumann adds, "It's a different standard between men and women on how offensive
behavior is, and sometimes results in men not apologizing for something that the
female thinks they should."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                                 North Edition

HOUSEGUEST ACCUSED OF MOLESTING GIRL

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 394 words


NEW PORT RICHEY

A registered sex offender from Louisiana was arrested Tuesday on new sex charges
after a girl said he molested her when she was 11. Sometime in December 2005 or
January 2006, Johnny Ray Baldridge, 34, of 11430 Rohrman Road, Port Richey, took
the girl into a bathroom, removed her clothes and sexually abused her, according
to his arrest report. Baldridge is said to have been a guest in the girl's New
Port Richey home. His relationship to her was not disclosed. The report says he
was convicted in Louisiana of abusing two girls who were also about 11.
Baldridge was charged with capital sexual battery and lewd or lascivious
molestation. He was held without bail Wednesday at the Land O'Lakes jail.

PORT RICHEY

No wrongdoing found in petitions

The Florida Department of Law Enforcement on Wednesday released the results of a
two-month fraud investigation regarding a pair of petitions that support
dissolving this city of 3,200. Their findings: no criminal wrongdoing, according
to FDLE spokeswoman Trena Reddick. The investigation was prompted by a 2004
petition circulated by the political action committee Port Richey Citizens for
Lower Taxes. That petition was rejected because it failed to meet state
guidelines. Then a second petition began circulating last year. That petition
had identical signatures to the first petition, but wording above the signers'
names had been changed.

NEW PORT RICHEY

Advocate 'inspired' by cruelty measure

In reality, the City Council's animal cruelty resolution Tuesday barely made a
squawk in the world of chicken farms. But the unanimously approved resolution,
which opposed the confinement of egg-laying hens to tiny cages, left city
resident and animal rights advocate Jodi Chemes feeling empowered. "This is the
first time I've worked with city government ... and you have inspired me,"
Chemes, a 27-year-old certified public accountant, told the council. Working
with the Humane Society of the United States, she pitched the idea for a
resolution at a work session last month. New Port Richey became the first
Florida city to adopt the resolution, which also encourages residents to buy
cage-free eggs, according to the Humane Society. City Council members, pointing
out that there were no chicken farms within city limits, acknowledged the
resolution was more of a philosophical statement than a practical one.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ran also in South edition.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Johnny Ray Baldridge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 27, 1995, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

SHORT TAKES;
Flap over photos colors wedding of Tonya Harding

SECTION: FEATURES, Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 330 words


Tonya Harding's wedding went off without a hitch, but the aftermath has been
anything but a honeymoon. There have been allegations of a car chase, shouted
profanities and a blown tabloid contract. An amateur photographer at the Olympic
skater's wedding Saturday to Michael Smith sold a picture of the newlyweds to
The Oregonian for $ 100, and the newspaper published the snap on Monday. Harding
complained that the picture invalidated her $ 10,000 contract with the Globe.

The amateur photographer, identified by The Oregonian only as Bob, a 26-year-old
who was a guest of a relative of a bridesmaid, said he met with Harding and her
husband, along with a Globe photographer, on Sunday. Bob said that he left after
Harding yelled profanities and that Smith jumped onto Bob's girlfriend's car.
Smith said the car hit him. Harding gave chase in her car, Bob said, and at one
point his car was rammed. "She just hit us," Bob said. "Bam!" Harding said the
fracas is "a remembrance I don't want to have of my wedding."

-CALL THE SPIN DOCTOR: The artist formerly known as Prince has terminated his
recording contract with Warner Bros. Records even though he reportedly owes the
record company three more albums. Prince has been trying to get out of his WB
Records contract for years. In 1994 he accused the company of "institutionalized
slavery" and wore the word "slave" on his forehead during a video. However, he
has taken large advances from the label as part of a reported $ 100 million
contract signed in 1993.

-SUPER COUNTRY MUSIC: Hank Williams Jr. is among the big stars on the bill at
the 20th annual Jamboree in the Hills, called "The Super Bowl of Country Music."

Also scheduled to perform at the July 18-21 festival in Wheeling, W. Va., are
Merle Haggard, Confederate Railroad, the Oak Ridge Boys, Faith Hill, Tom T.
Hall, Mark Collie, Tim McGraw, Tanya Tucker, George Jones, Sammy Kershaw, Mary
Chapin Carpenter, Aaron Tippin, Brooks & Dunn and Joe Diffie.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 22, 2009 Monday

BUSINESS / ETHICS / WELCOME THE WHISTLE-BLOWERS;
Encouraging employees to blow the whistle is the last thing most managers want
to do, fearing it will lead to problems. But three academics who have
extensively studied it say research shows it can benefit organizations by saving
money and reputation, boosting employee satisfaction and preventing outrages
that invite government regulation

BYLINE: HARVEY SCHACHTER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: MANAGING; MONDAY MORNING MANAGER / HARVEY
SCHACHTER'S GUIDE ON HOW TO HANDLE EVERYTHING FROM OVERFLOWING E-MAIL TO MEETING
OVERLOAD; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 1171 words


In the Journal of Business Ethics, Marcia Miceli of Georgetown University, Janet
Near of Illinois University and Terry Morehead Dworkin of Seattle University
offer the following steps managers can take to ensure whistle-blowing occurs
when necessary at their organization:

Ban retaliation

Create a tough anti-retaliation policy that permits disciplining or dismissing
employees who take action against whistle-blowers.

Hire well

Search for and select employees who are likely to blow the whistle when they see
something wrong. That means being on the lookout for individuals who are more
critical of other people. Often, of course, those are people who organizations
pass over or spurn because they can be hard to get along with or please.
Whistle-blowers are also the type of people who take action to influence the
environment around them.

Communicate ethics

Communicate codes of ethics and anti-retaliation policies, starting with any
handbooks handed out to new employees at orientation. Michael Stores Inc.
recently added an anti-retaliation policy to its corporate code of conduct,
which middle and upper managers must sign every year, and offers some
reassurance to whistle-blowers that they won't suffer. Tell employees where to
express concerns and what to expect.

Training and development

It's fine to write a high-sounding code of ethics, but you need to follow that
up by conducting serious training for managers and employees alike on how to
handle concerns without retaliation. Cardinal Building Maintenance Inc., a
commercial janitorial service, requires supervisors and managers to attend an
annual, five-hour class about workplace bias and harassment, with one-fourth of
the course on avoiding taking retaliation in sensitive situations.

Explain what's wrong

Orient and train employees about what the organization considers wrongful, and
what to do if wrongdoing is observed.

Create channels

Support these efforts with channels for reporting wrongdoing. Develop a culture
in which dialogue and feedback are regular practices, demonstrating it's safe to
raise concerns, but go beyond that to designate an individual whom
whistle-blowers can approach with concerns or a hotline.

Provide incentives

Consider financial incentives for reporting concerns, such as a percentage of
savings recovered as a result of internal whistle-blowing (when embezzlement is
caught, for example), a salary increase in a merit system, a one-time cash
bonus, or some other financial reward. The academics stress that the only
company they are aware that does this is the consulting firm BDO Seidman.

Investigate thoroughly

Instead of shooting the messenger, as some managers are inclined, investigate to
determine if the complaint has merit. After a specific incident has been
reported and wrongdoing remedied, consider publishing a report of actual cases,
minus identifying characteristics, to illustrate the action the organization
takes to rectify problems and punish wrongdoers.

****

LEADERSHIP / ARE YOU A TALENT MAGNET?

Companies want their managers to be talent magnets - individuals who are so
wonderful to work for that they attract high-performing staff. Justin Field, a
talent management specialist at Oracle Corp., says it's useful to know, as a
manager, if you are a talent magnet, and important for the company to have some
sort of metric for measuring talent magnetism.

On the Talented Apps blog,  he suggests calculating the rate of loss of top
talent by a manager over a five-year period, a sufficiently long time frame to
see a manager's true track record.

Readers added their own thoughts. One suggested any metric should include
employee referrals: A talent magnet might bring people into the organization who
then reach out to others they know and recruit them, perhaps after leaving the
original talent magnet's department. It sounds like a pyramid scheme, he jokes,
but a very useful one for the company. Another points to the importance talent
magnets play as mentors beyond their own department. And a third highlights the
fact that some talent magnets can have followers accompany them as they move
through several different jobs or roles.

***

TECHNOLOGY: WHERE'S THAT PASSWORD?

If your IT manager took off tomorrow or got hit by a bus, would you know where
to look for the administrative password used to run your company's computer
network, asks technology writer Michelle Rafter on Inc.com. One solution she
cites, offered by consultant Irving Popovetsky, is to place the password in a
bank vault where other authorized officials can have access to it. Don't be like
the city of San Francisco, which was locked out of its computer system when a
disgruntled network administrator went to jail rather than divulge the password.
Other security tips offered:

* Change the name of system administrator accounts from default names like
"administrator" to something offbeat like "Fred Flintstone."

* Use strong passwords, with at least eight characters, including mixed
capitalization and at least one character that is not a letter or a number.

****

POWER POINTS

A PLACE FOR YOUR STUFF

Every day you arrive at your workspace with the same items, such as a cellphone,
briefcase and/or purse, keys and mail. Make a "landing strip" where you can drop
off your stuff when you come in and pick it up when you leave, says productivity
writer Gina Trapani. Also, reduce the time you spend searching for workplace
tools by grouping them together by tasks, the stamps with the envelopes, for
example, or ink near the printer.

Harvard Business School Blogs

Quick assessment

Consultant Tony Jeary recommends quarterly "more of/less of" reviews in which
you ask four questions: What do you need to do more of? What do you need to do
less of? What do you need to start doing? What do you need to stop doing?

ChangeThis Manifestos

Get to the point

E-mail messages with subject lines 35 characters or fewer significantly
outperform those with more than 35 characters in getting recipients to open them
and click through to web pages.

Directmag.com

extend that service

Consumers are more likely to buy an extended service contract with a hedonistic,
pleasure-related product, such as a game controller, than for utilitarian
products like printers, research shows. Low-income consumers are more likely to
buy the extended service package than wealthier customers because they can't
afford to replace the product if it breaks down. Journal of Consumer Research,
through ScienceDaily

Four seconds to shine

The impression you make in the first four seconds is so powerful that
psychologist Reidan Nadler says it take four more minutes to change it.
Leadership Excellence

Quick column adjustment

When in Microsoft Excel, to quickly adjust column width to the largest item,
select the columns you want to adjust (it must be more than one, even if only
one really needs to be changed) and then double click on the "column separator"
- the thin line between the two columns at the very top of the spreadsheet
column. Lifehacker.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Salida del Sol teacher, officials cleared of wrongdoing in case involving
student accusations

BYLINE: Tyler Silvy, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Feb. 10--Greeley Police and the Weld District Attorney's Office on Friday
cleared Salida del Sol officials of any wrongdoing in the case of a girl
reporting a teacher's inappropriate behavior in spring 2016.

In response to the complaint, Salida del Sol officials conducted their own
investigation and did not report the complaint to law enforcement, despite
firing the teacher. Executive Director Joe Melendez and school security guard
Anthony Antuna -- both retired law enforcement officials -- investigated the
incident. Melendez is a retired Greeley police sergeant.

In her interview with police, the girl said the teacher touched her on the leg,
but she didn't describe the contact as being sexual in nature. The Tribune is
not naming the girl based on the sensitive nature of the case.

"The DA's Office agreed with investigators that there was not probable cause to
believe that the school employee committed a crime and as such there were no
grounds under the circumstances for charging any school officials with failure
to report," according to a Greeley police news release.

The department launched its investigation after The Tribune informed Police
Chief Jerry Garner of the allegations.

"It was learned from Salida del Sol officials that in 2016 an internal
investigation had been conducted in response to the girl's complaint and the
named employee had been terminated," according to the release. "It also was
learned that a report had not been made to law enforcement, as school officials
felt that reporting of this particular incident was not required by the state
reporting statute."

Officials at the east Greeley charter school never publicly revealed the
specific accusations against the teacher, and it was unclear before the police
investigation whether failing to report the allegations constituted a violation
of Colorado's mandatory reporting laws.

Weld District Attorney Michael Rourke said if school officials had a reasonable
belief that a crime had been committed, they would have had a duty to report
that to law enforcement. In this case, Garner said the allegations weren't
sexual in nature. Rourke said any mandatory reporter is allowed to investigate
on its own, adding they would be "derelict in their responsibilities if they
didn't."

The teacher's unnecessary touching of the student's leg seems to have been the
culmination of a pattern of behavior. The teacher had previously pushed the
student and brushed against her during physical education classes, Garner said.

"She thought those things were abnormal," Garner said. "The specific incident
involving the teacher touching her leg is what brought about the complaint."

School officials previously indicated the teacher's firing was the result of a
pattern of behavior.

"The discharge occurred because previously directions were given to this teacher
as to how to conduct himself appropriately and professionally in order to make
sure there weren't any allegations," Salida del Sol board member Virginia
Rosales said in an email. "He failed to respond to those directives. We
certainly would have reported it if there was something sufficient enough to do
that."

School officials did not immediately return phone calls Friday afternoon seeking
comment.

Although similar actions to those attributed to the teacher might bring
consequences in the workplace, Rourke said that would fall under employment law
or company policy. "We're working under a framework of law given to us," Rourke
said. "If it doesn't fit the elements of a recognized crime, then it's
non-criminal. But it still could be construed as sexual harassment or other
types of harassment in the workplace."

___ (c)2017 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170210-GY-Salida-del-Sol-teacher-officials-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-case-involving-student-accusations-0210-20170210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2017 Greeley Tribune


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Pilot (Costa Mesa California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

No wrongdoing found in 'stink eye' case

BYLINE: Joseph Serna, Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


April 07--COSTA MESA -- Accusations from a city councilman and a resident that
police intimidated them during the November 2010 electoral season for supporting
then-candidate Jim Righeimer were unfounded, an outside investigation concluded.

In a letter to Councilman Eric Bever and resident Chris Eric on March 21,
officials with the Costa Mesa Police Department's internal affairs division said
that an investigation by Norman A. Traub Associates had cleared officers of any
wrongdoing.

Bever and Eric claimed that two officers in a squad car cruised by them three
times and took pictures of them as they posted Righeimer campaign signs on a
chain-link fence off Superior Boulevard and 17th Street.

The dust-up became known in town as "the stink eye incident."

"They gave me a hard look," Eric, a Costa Mesa resident for 50 years, said days
after the alleged incident. "The stink eye."

The accusations were a part of the campaign theatrics surrounding the City
Council elections in November. The police officers' association campaigned
furiously against Righeimer, driving a mobile billboard throughout the city that
directed the public to a website that questioned the candidate's financial
background and politics.

Righeimer made it known early in the campaign season that he would take aim at
city employee pensions, a promise that has come to fruition through mass layoff
notices issued last month that could outsource half of the city's workforce.

The voter intimidation inquiry was the second city-backed investigation of the
season, preceded by calls from police officers to investigate Righeimer for
allegedly confronting authorities at a DUI checkpoint because he didn't like the
checkpoints' timing or location.

This investigation, like the DUI checkpoint one, found little to support the
claims, according to the Police Department letter.

"These findings are based on information developed and received during the
investigation," wrote Lt. Allen Huggins from the professional standards unit
that handles internal affairs. "Unfortunately, due to legal restraints, I am not
at liberty to discuss the details of the investigation with you."

Huggins then thanked the men for bringing their concerns to the department.

"The city of Costa Mesa strives for excellence, and it is only through feedback
from the community that we can truly measure our effectiveness and take the
appropriate action to improve our services."

To see more of the Daily Pilot go to http://www.dailypilot.com Copyright (c)
2011, Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110407-1DP-No-wrongdoing-found-in-stink-eye-case-0407-20110407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1DP


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Pilot


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             July 29, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Thow investors square off with Scotiabank: Victoria group alleges big bank
failed in its due diligence when lending money; ScotiaBank denies any wrongdoing

BYLINE: Andrew A. Duffy, Times Colonist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 1005  words


Former clients of disgraced investment adviser Ian Thow appear to be gearing up
for a fight with the Bank of Nova Scotia, reminiscent of the early stages of
their battle against Thow's former investment firm.

And like the early stages of the fight against Berkshire Investment Group, those
clients who claim to have lost in excess of $32 million by investing in schemes
Thow proffered are finding no sympathy in the halls of Scotiabank.

Scotiabank spokesman Frank Switzer told the Times Colonist the bank hasn't
changed its position despite the number of clients coming forward, saying that
Scotiabank did not offer any of the people involved financial advice, but only
lent them money to invest with Thow.

In a letter to one of the affected clients obtained by the Times Colonist,
Charlie Dougall, director of the office of Scotiabank's president, said the bank
denies any wrongdoing.

"Our investigation reveals that following your request for credit from
Scotiabank ... this line of credit was granted to you in good faith by
Scotiabank ... although we regret any losses you have incurred in connection
with investments made through Ian Thow of Berkshire Investments we believe that
the appropriate avenues of recourse for you to pursue are Berkshire and Ian
Thow," Dougall wrote.

The letter went on to say that "the working relationship between Mr. Thow and
Scotiabank is standard practice for business professionals such as investment
advisers to have informal referral relationships with a financial institution
which streamlines the process for all involved. Further your dealings with
Scotiabank were such that we were entitled to rely upon the representations that
Mr. Thow was authorized to act as your representative."

The letter writing campaign and the lack of response from Scotiabank has become
frustrating for many of Thow's former clients who know they are in for a long,
hard fight.

"Everything is like that with Scotiabank. They deny any wrongdoing," said former
Thow client Paul Haley, who claims to have lost $475,000. "We have no
expectation they will move quickly. Right now it's just like the start with
Berkshire."

Thow left Victoria in August 2005 with more than 70 creditors claiming he owed
them millions. The former vice-president of Berkshire Investment Group has been
living in Seattle since August 2005.

In their first battle, clients filed lawsuits against Thow and Berkshire and
stoked media pressure until Berkshire Investment Group agreed to meet with them.

After nearly a year, 15 settlements were reached through mediation with 26
clients for an undisclosed amount.

Now they have turned their attention to Scotiabank, alleging the bank didn't
follow proper procedures when it issued loans for questionable investments that
cost them millions of dollars and left them at risk of losing their homes.

Scotiabank's role in the Thow affair seems to have been providing loans and
lines of credit totalling about $5 million to as many as 15 of Thow's clients.

So far those clients have undertaken a letter writing campaign trying to get
answers from Scotiabank's president and ombudsman, without any satisfaction.

In some cases, the clients allege they had little or no contact with the bank,
and received their loan approvals directly through Thow. Many of them point out
they were poor credit risks or had no income to pay back the loans.

Scotiabank was targeted last year by one lawsuit from a former Thow client, but
could now face as many as 15 lawsuits. The client group has been talking about
either filing individual lawsuits or a group action.

While each story has its own twists and turns, they all have one thing in common
-- a line of credit or loan with Scotiabank from which funds were procured and
transferred to Thow and his numbered companies.

The former clients allege Thow convinced them to open lines of credit with
Scotiabank over the last few years, with the intent of using the funds to invest
in various schemes ranging from short-term loans to contractors to shares in a
Jamaican bank.

They say they were lent a total of $4.95 million by the bank, and now have lines
of credit and mortgages hanging over their heads with nothing to show for it as
they allege the funds were disposed of by Thow.

Many of the clients allege Scotiabank simply did not do its due diligence when
handing out the loans.

According to Barry Hewko, who lost $100,000 and owes Scotiabank $50,000, he was
in financial turmoil and was turned down by other financial institutions for
credit cards. Hewko said Thow told him he would use his borrowing power to
obtain a loan for him.

"I don't think Scotiabank checked me out at all. It's crazy. I got that loan
through his borrowing power," he said.

Irving Lozier told a similar tale of not dealing directly with the bank.

"They never even talked to us. They just said 'sign here' and that was it," he
recalled, noting that signature meant a $200,000 loan he now has to pay back
with no income and no resources.

Meanwhile, the RCMP continues to investigate Thow, but have as yet filed no
criminal charges.

The B.C. Securities Commission has set a meeting date for Aug. 30 to determine a
hearing date for the former Victoria investment adviser..

That notice of hearing states that from January 2003 to May 2005, Thow is
alleged to have made false representations in telling clients he was able to
invest money for them in various securities. It is further alleged he used some
or all of the clients' money for his personal use.

The notice alleges Thow breached the Securities Act and related rules by failing
to deal fairly, honestly and in good faith with his clients, trading in
non-mutual-fund securities for which he was not registered, and making
misrepresentations in the selling of securities.

Thow was also in a Seattle court this month to enter into a plea agreement
forcing him into drug and alcohol counselling, domestic-violence counselling and
compliance with a no-contact order in return for the city suspending prosecution
on domestic-violence charges.

aduffy@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Ian Thow)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

NIGERIA

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 330 words

NIGERIA

Judge Delays Pfizer Hearings

Lawyers for a northern Nigeria state seeking $2 billion in damages from Pfizer
over allegations of wrongdoing in a decade-old drug study failed to show up for
the first court proceedings, and the case was postponed. The judge hearing the
case launched by the state of Kano said criminal proceedings lodged against
company officers now would begin July 4, while a related civil case seeking the
monetary damages would begin July 9.

Pfizer, the world's largest drug manufacturer, has denied any wrongdoing. A
federal court in Manhattan dismissed a 2001 lawsuit by disabled Nigerians who
allegedly took part in the study, but the case is under appeal.

BRITAIN

Virgin Atlantic Plans Business-Class Airline

Virgin Atlantic Airways, the British carrier controlled by investor Richard
Branson, plans to start a business-class airline that would increase competition
for higher-fare travelers. The carrier would fly under the Virgin brand from
cities including Paris, Frankfurt, Milan, London and Zurich nonstop to New York
and other destinations.

The new carrier would compete for corporate travelers with British Airways and
other traditional airlines and with Silverjet, MaxJet, Eos and other new
business-class carriers.

RUSSIA

Exxon Mobil Project Helps Oil Output Rise

 Russia, the world's largest oil producer this year, pumped 1.9 percent more
crude in May than it did in May 2006 as Exxon Mobil's Sakhalin-1 project steeply
increased production. Russia produced 9.81 million barrels of oil a day in May,
according to preliminary data from CDU TEK, the Energy Ministry's information
center. Output was little changed from April.

Sakhalin-1, in which Exxon owns 30 percent and state-run Rosneft owns 20
percent, produced 229,000 barrels of oil a day in the period, compared with
39,000 barrels a year earlier. That was a 2.7 percent increase from April.

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           August 17, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

TD's Enron tab to hit $130M US

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO (CP) -- Despite disavowing any wrongdoing in the Enron affair, TD Bank
has agreed to pay $130 million US to settle some of the legal fallout
surrounding the U.S. energy giant's collapse.

"In making this settlement, we denied any wrongdoing or liability," CEO Ed Clark
said in a conference call after the announcement Tuesday .

"We have agreed to a negotiated settlement because we thought it was preferable
to the time, expense and unpredictability of litigation."

Under the settlement, TD Bank will make a pre-tax payment of $50 million US in
cash to Enron Corp. to resolve alleged common-law claims related to the
"megaclaims" lawsuit filed by Enron in relation to its bankruptcy.

Toronto-based TD (TSX:TD) also said it will add $300 million US to its reserve
for a securities class-action lawsuit pending in Texas, resulting in an
after-tax charge of $238 million Cdn, to be recorded in the third quarter.

In the U.S., JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced Tuesday it will pay $350 million US
to settle its part of the megaclaims suit. JPMorgan agreed in June to pay $2.2
billion US to Enron shareholders to settle its part of the class-action suit.

Earlier this month, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (TSX:CM) agreed to pay
$250 million US in the megaclaims suit, while also agreeing to a $2.4-billion-US
settlement -- the largest so far -- in the class action.

And in late July, Royal Bank of Canada (TSX:RY) agreed to pay $25 million in a
megaclaims settlement, plus $24 million so its bankruptcy claims against Enron
would no longer be subordinated.

Enron has sued 10 banks, alleging they "aided and abetted fraud" and could have
prevented the company's collapse.

The former energy trader, which filed for bankruptcy in 2001, is liquidating its
operations and restructuring its business units for distribution to its
creditors. Money from Tuesday's settlements will also go to creditors.

New York-based JPMorgan said it does not expect its settlement, which is still
subject to approval by the bankruptcy court, to have a "material adverse impact"
on earnings.

"With today's agreement, we have put behind us another significant piece of our
Enron exposure," said William Harrison, JPMorgan's chairman and CEO, in a
prepared statement.

And TD's Clark said: "I want to be clear that agreeing to this settlement does
not change our view of where TD stands with respect to Enron. "We did not have a
close relationship with Enron.

"Indeed, Enron itself noted that TD had a modest role relative to others in this
case."

The Canadian bank will also pay $20 million US "to resolve alleged bankruptcy
avoidance claims." The claims relate to payments made by Enron to creditors in
the three years before Enron declared bankruptcy.

And it will pay $60 million US so that Enron will allow about $320 million US in
claims against the former energy trader that TD had transferred to third
parties.

TD made those two payments "because the economics remained favourable to do so,"
Clark said.

Dominion Bond Rating Service called the settlement "modestly positive as
litigation risk is reduced, although the class-action suit remains outstanding."

"DBRS believes the resolution of class action lawsuits remains unpredictable,"
the agency said in a release, noting that TD's capital levels are "reasonable
and some reserves are in place."

Standard & Poor's Ratings Services maintained its ratings on TD Bank bonds of
A+/Stable/A-1, saying the bank's expected charge to earnings was "within our
expectations."

TD shares lost five cents Tuesday on the Toronto Stock Exchange to close at
$55.51.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       March 7, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Legal circus distracts NYC;
Manhattan mayhem: Corporate corruption trials become a tourist attraction.

BYLINE: DAVID HO

SOURCE: Cox New York Correspondent

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 1347 words


New York --- In a city of monuments, museums and musicals, one of the biggest
shows in town last week was a short walk from Wall Street, where seeds sown by
years of corporate corruption, lies and greed were in full bloom.

A handful of courthouses clustered together in lower Manhattan were
simultaneously hosting four trials involving top corporate figures, a judicial
circus that has dazed legal observers and created a new Big Apple tourist
attraction.

"On your left is the courthouse where Martha Stewart ..." boomed an amplified
voice from a passing red double-decker sightseeing bus. Riders on the open top
gawked at a miniature tent city of reporters waiting for the domestic style
diva's daily entrance and departure.

Even with Stewart found guilty, the sidewalk vigil may not disappear.

A slew of executives await judgment for misdeeds ranging from stealing corporate
funds to masterminding the largest accounting fraud in history. Most face prison
sentences of 20 years or more.

The publicity has made the names of the companies involved a litany of scandal:
Tyco, Adelphia, WorldCom.

The nation hasn't seen such a parade of corporate wrongdoing since the insider
trading trials of the late 1980s, which had a rogues' gallery that included Ivan
Boesky and junk bond dealer Michael Milken, said John C. Coffee Jr., a Columbia
Law School professor who specializes in white-collar crime and securities fraud.

The 1990s tech boom and bust spawned the latest batch of bad behavior.

"It has always historically been a consequence in the aftermath of a bubble's
bursting that we find there were lots of instances of outrageous fraud," Coffee
said. "People rationalized, based on the view at the time that anything went in
the bubble atmosphere."

Coffee said one reason for the extensive publicity is that corporate collapses
such as Enron and WorldCom wiped out so much shareholder wealth. "The public has
a strong taste for retribution in the wake of a financial disaster," he said.

That retribution was in full force last week.

It began Monday as federal prosecutors wrapped up their case against Stewart,
the millionaire businesswoman who heads a domestic arts empire. Four days later,
a jury convicted her and her Merrill Lynch & Co. broker, Peter Bacanovic, of
conspiring and lying to investigators about a tip that prompted a 2001 stock
sale.

Across the street and 26 stories above, government lawyers turned their sights
on the former leaders of Adelphia Communications Corp., the fifth-largest cable
company. In opening arguments, they accused John Rigas and his two sons of using
the company as a "private piggy bank" to pay for everything from massages and
bedroom slippers to a $13 million golf course.

One courtroom sketch artist arrived late and breathless at the Adelphia trial
opening, having run over from the Stewart case. Clambering into the front row
and shuffling a half-finished sketch of Stewart behind a blank sheet of paper,
she gasped: "I can't believe this. Has the prosecution finished yet?"

Courthouse chaos peaked the next day when news broke that Scott Sullivan, former
chief financial officer of telecommunications giant WorldCom, would plead guilty
to charges for his role in the $11 billion accounting scandal that led to the
largest bankruptcy in U.S. history.

Another mad dash of reporters ensued, this time to floors above the courtroom
where Stewart's attorneys were putting on their final --- and ultimately futile
--- defense.

Meanwhile, next door at the state Supreme Court, prosecutors dueled with lawyers
for Dennis Kozlowski, Tyco's former chief executive.

During the five-month trial, the government has accused Kozlowski and former
Chief Financial Officer Mark Swartz of stealing $170 million from Tyco by
abusing loan programs and hiding unapproved pay and bonuses. They also are
charged with illegally making another $430 million by inflating Tyco stock with
lies about company's finances from 1995 to 2002.

A few hours later, Attorney General John Ashcroft rolled into town, shifting the
focus yet again, this time a block over to the U.S. attorney's headquarters.
Standing before a line of two dozen lawyers and federal officials, the nation's
top crime fighter announced that former WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers had joined
the ranks of indicted corporate figures.

"No matter how high executives climb on the corporate ladder, they will never be
above the law," said Stephen M. Cutler, director of the Securities and Exchange
Commission's Division of Enforcement.

The only business leader getting good news in lower Manhattan Tuesday may have
been Aegina Angeliades, 31, who runs the Plaza Food Court. Her green-roofed
snack hut sits a short stroll from the courthouse steps Martha Stewart has
climbed daily for weeks.

Angeliades said the courtroom antics and a touch of early spring weather meant
big breakfast and lunch crowds, particularly journalists running from one trial
to another.

"I saw all of these badges coming up, reporters, newscasters," she said.
"Everybody was coming by."

Business booms

By week's end, it was one down and three to go.

Stewart was found guilty on all counts, a major charge had been tossed from the
Tyco case, and WorldCom's Ebbers pleaded innocent after after surrendering to
the FBI and being led to court in handcuffs.

Beyond the spectacle, the trials send mixed messages for investors and the
public.

"You never know whether a trial, by revealing in detail just how much was
fraudulent, simply proves the worst fears of investors and leaves them still
with shaken confidence," Coffee said. On the other hand, he said, "financial
managers are perceiving that their necks are in the noose if they cook the
books."

"One of the things these trials do is signal very clearly to financial managers
across the country that the person most likely to get prosecuted in the wake of
a major stock market collapse is the chief financial officer," Coffee said.

With white-collar crime, he explained, "prosecutors have basically only one
strategy, which is to get a domino to fall against a bigger domino and to get
that bigger domino to fall against the next domino."

For many of the corporate rank-and-file watching the court proceedings, there is
optimism that years of scandal have finally reached a crescendo.

Among financial workers there are "a lot of people that are very happy that this
is being uncovered," said Andrew Miller, 41, a New York accountant who works
with the brokerage and banking industries.

Step toward accountability

"I think it's good because it's a first step toward accountability," he said.

The Stewart trial is an anomaly among the corporate scandals, since the charges
centered on her personal investments rather than any attempt to manipulate her
company's accounting or siphon corporate funds for personal use.

Despite the lack of the more extensive fraud found in the other cases, Stewart's
celebrity has put her trial in the center ring of the judicial circus.

Her case had to be moved from another building to accommodate the daily crowds
packing the courtroom. When that wasn't enough, the court opened an overflow
room with a large projection screen showing the proceedings.

Across the street in front of the courthouse, swarms of media have practically
built their own village under several white tents, with television cameramen
stretched out on folding lawn furniture. Around them, more than a dozen
satellite news vans circle the block like a protective high-tech wagon train.

"I've never seen that," said Angeliades, who has run her food court for four
years. "They never let them take up so much room and camp out like that."

But despite the crowds, Martha Stewart has never come by for a snack, and
there's little prospect of that happening now.

"It's very rare that somebody on trial is going to come by here and sit for all
the public to see them and have lunch," she said. "Except 'Law and Order' came
and filmed one of their scenes here. That was fun."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: BERNIE EBBERS
Former CEO of WorldCom
Pleaded not guilty Wednesday to conspiracy and fraud charges. Prosecution claims
he misled investors about the financial health of the telecom company.
MARTHA STEWART
Chief creative officer of media company Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia
Stewart was convicted Friday of all four counts related to obstruction of a
government investigation into a timely sale of her ImClone Systems stock. Her
former broker, Peter Bacanovic, was found guilty on four of five charges.
JOHN RIGAS
Founder and former CEO of Adelphia Communications Corp.
Prosecutors are laying out a fraud and conspiracy case against Rigas and two of
his sons, charging they used the cable company as their "private piggy bank."
DENNIS KOZLOWSKI
Former CEO of Tyco International
Closing arguments are due to begin Monday in his trial on charges of grand
larceny, falsifying records and violating state business laws. Former Tyco Chief
Financial Officer Mark Swartz is a co-defendant.
Source: Staff research
/ TROY OXFORD / Staff; Photo: Former WorldCom Chief Executive Officer Bernie
Ebbers is facing charges of conspiracy to commit fraud and making false
statements to the Securities and Exchange Commission. / ROBERT MECEA / Newsday;
Photo: Bernie Ebbers; Photo: Martha Stewart; Photo: John Rigas; Photo: Dennis
Kozlowski

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 12, 1985 Tuesday

SEC accuses five businessmen   of defrauding brokerage firms

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: New York NY


Dow Jones Service
    NEW YORK  - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has accused
 five businessmen of defrauding several leading brokerage firms nationwide
 by engaging in a $10- million (U.S.) "free- riding" stock-trading scheme.

Free-riding is an illegal practice in which investors buy securities of
 companies without intending to make payment.

The SEC, in a suit filed in Federal Court in New York, said the
 businessmen bought more than $10-million in stock of a land development
 company and other securities from E. F. Hutton Group Inc., Rooney Pace
 Group Inc., Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., a unit of Sears Roebuck and Co., J.
 David Securities and others.

The land company, which was not accused of any wrongdoing or complicity
 in the scheme, is First City Properties Inc., a unit of First City
 Financial Corp. Ltd. of Vancouver.

The complaint alleges that the defendants either failed to completely
 pay for the stock, failed to pay on a "timely basis" or failed to deposit
 the required margin.

As a result, some of the brokers were forced to sell out the securities
 at combined losses of more than $500,000.

None of the brokerage houses was charged with any wrongdoing.

Named as defendants were Texas businessmen Thomas W. Reid and Michael
 Joe Rogers, New York businessmen Armond Zaccaria and Peter Vito and Los
 Angeles businessman Maurice Rind and his company, B and M Investments Inc.

None of the defendants could be reached for comment.

In addition to the other charges, the suit alleges that Mr. Reid used
 about $1.2-million worth of stock that he had paid for with bad cheques as
 collateral for a loan with Republic Bank of Dallas. Mr. Zaccaria also was
 charged with attempting to secure a $200,000 loan from Republic Bank
 collateralized by about $600,000 worth of stock for which he had not paid.

The SEC said it is seeking to prevent the defendants from committing
 any future violations of the anti- fraud provisions of federal securities
 law.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

State Closes Pssa Probe

BYLINE: Brian Wallace

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 855  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

The state has conducted an investigation into whether School District of
Lancaster staff members changed students' standardized test results from 2009 to
2011 to improve the district's academic standing.

Although the probe has been closed, state officials did not say whether they
found any wrongdoing or if district employees face disciplinary action as a
result of the investigation.

SDL was one of 18 schools and districts mentioned Friday in a news release
announcing the 2012 results of the Pennsylvania System of School Assessments.

According to the state Department of Education, 48 districts and charter schools
were flagged for possible test tampering after an audit of PSSA results.

Thirty were cleared of wrongdoing, and investigations were closed in nine
districts and charter schools, including SDL. Nine other schools and districts -
including the Harrisburg City and Philadelphia school districts - are still
under investigation.

State Education Secretary Ron Tomalis said the department expects to file
complaints in the coming weeks against more than 100 educators "involved in
misconduct in administration of the PSSA" as a result of the investigations.

The department's findings confirmed that some PSSA answer sheets dating back to
the 2008-09 school year had been altered, inflating PSSA scores, Tomalis said.

Education department spokesman Tim Eller said he could not comment on whether
the SDL investigation determined that staff members changed students' answers.

The district came under scrutiny, he said, as a result of "abnormal numbers of
student erasures" on test answer sheets from the 2009, 2010 and 2011 tests.

"In some schools, students had erasures that were significantly beyond state
averages, not only in the number per student, but in the number of students in
each grade or test," Eller said in an email.

Arthur Abrom, SDL's director of student services, said the state found
"anomalies" in the number of answers that had been changed from wrong to right
at two district schools, which he declined to name.

The state notified SDL in January, he said, and the district conducted its own
investigation, interviewing several staff members and students. It filed a
response with the state in May.

"They're satisfied with the information we provided," Abrom said. "Our
assumption is that it won't mean sanctions are upcoming."

When asked for more details of the investigation and whether any district
employees had been reprimanded, Abrom said he could not comment on personnel
matters.

He pointed out that the investigation was closed as a result of the response the
district filed with the Department of Education.

According to Eller, when an investigation is "closed," it does not necessarily
mean that no complaints will be filed against school district employees.

SDL's PSSA scores did not change significantly from 2009 to 2011, rising by
seven total points in reading, math, writing and science in 2010 and five total
points in the four subjects in 2011. Average scores declined by a single point
in 2012.

The tests, which are administered annually to public school students in grades
three to eight and 11, determine whether schools make "adequate yearly progress"
to comply with No Child Left Behind.

As a result of the investigation, SDL has been subject to state monitoring and
has adopted new measures to increase test security and prevent tampering on the
PSSA.

Teachers and administrators have had multiple training sessions on administering
the tests, and central office administrators now monitor schools during testing,
Abrom said. Whenever possible, at least two staff members are in each classroom
when the tests are given, and the district has adopted a new record-keeping
procedure.

In addition, SDL will be hiring a chief accountability officer whose duties will
include overseeing PSSA testing and security procedures.

The investigation by the Department of Education is at least the fourth time the
state has intervened in allegations of PSSA testing irregularities at SDL
schools.

Last year, the state asked the district to investigate 2009 PSSA results for
students at Hamilton and Fulton elementary and Lincoln and Wheatland middle
schools because of concerns that "subgroups" of students were not attributed to
the appropriate schools.

District officials explained how the students were accounted for, and SDL was
cleared of any wrongdoing, Abrom said.

In 2008, SDL staff members alleged that test documents at Wickersham Elementary
School were not properly secured or administered according to state guidelines.

The state asked the district to investigate and determined that it had responded
appropriately and that no further action was warranted.

In 2006, a former Hand Middle School special-education teacher was suspended for
five days over allegations that she helped a student complete a PSSA writing
test.

The teacher did not admit to any wrongdoing.

Tomalis said increased security measures instituted across the state in 2012
assure that PSSA results will more accurately reflect student achievement.

The 2013 tests will be administered beginning in March.

bwallace@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 26, 2012



CORRECTION: Fulton Elementary School in Lancaster was not included in a 2009
investigation into PSSA scores. Fulton Elementary School in Ephrata was part of
the probe but was later cleared of any wrongdoing. The Lancaster school was
incorrectly named in an article in Tuesday's Intelligencer Journal/Lancaster New
Era.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 18, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

Special Counsel To Probe Brown; Clinton Stands by Commerce Chief

John F. Harris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1187 words


Attorney General Janet Reno yesterday called for an independent counsel to probe
the business dealings of Commerce Secretary Ronald H. Brown, even as President
Clinton vowed to keep Brown in his Cabinet and predicted that a special
prosecutor "will find no wrongdoing."

The prosecutor should examine the circumstances by which Brown made nearly $
500,000 by selling his interest in a company he formed with Washington
businesswoman Nolanda Hill even though he had never invested any money in the
venture, Reno said.

The Justice Department had "received allegations that there may have been some
linkage between the payments to Secretary Brown and his official position," Reno
said in a document filed with the D.C. Circuit of the U.S. Court of Appeals.

This is the third time that the Justice Department has called for a special
prosecutor to investigate the behavior of a Clinton Cabinet member.

Brown complained yesterday that Reno's decision "was not warranted in this
matter" but said he is "absolutely confident the final outcome will put to rest
all allegations and fully absolve me of any wrongdoing."

"My confidence," Brown said in a statement, "is based on the fact that I have
never engaged in any official act to further my personal financial interests,
there have been no conflicts of interest, and I have complied in good faith with
my financial disclosure obligations."

Brown was once regarded as a star among Clinton's appointees; some of the
president's aides had hoped he would agree to run the president's reelection
campaign next year. Under the present circumstances, White House aides have
acknowledged, the best that Brown can hope for is to avoid indictment and a
forced resignation.

Under the independent counsel law, the Department of Justice conducts a
preliminary investigation of allegations of wrongdoing by members of the
administration to determine whether a further probe is justified. That is the
step that was just completed. Now, a three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals
will pick a counsel. The special prosecutor will then have the power to subpoena
witnesses and evidence and bring them before a federal grand jury to seek
indictments.

Brown's problems prompted uncomfortable questions for the Clinton
administration. While pledging a new standard of ethics at the beginning of his
term, Clinton now faces four independent counsels investigating his behavior or
that of appointees.

There is a special prosector looking into the president's and first lady's
dealings in the Whitewater affair, and another is looking into allegations that
former agriculture secretary Mike Espy improperly received gifts while in
office. Reno has called for the appointment of an independent counsel to
determine whether Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros lied to
federal investigators about payments to a former mistress, but none has been
appointed yet. In a statement yesterday on Reno's decision to seek one more
prosecutor, Clinton noted that the "legal standard for such an appointment is
low."

"I am confident at the conclusion of the process, the independent counsel will
find no wrongdoing by Secretary Brown," Clinton said. "In the interim, I value
his continued service on behalf of this country."

Espy resigned when he came under a special prosecutor's glare, but Cisneros did
not. White House officials said there is no consistent principle about whether
officials should continue in their jobs while being investigated but instead
that Clinton judges the matters on a case-by-case basis.

"There are different facts, there are different issues involved," White House
press secretary Michael McCurry said when asked why Espy left the administration
with Clinton's approval but Brown was welcome to stay.

Before joining the Clinton Cabinet, Brown was a Washington lawyer-lobbyist with
powerful connections to the city's political and business establishments.

He served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during Clinton's 1992
run for the presidency and before that served as a senior aide to Sen. Edward M.
Kennedy (D-Mass.).

In addition to Brown's relationship with Nolanda Hill and First International,
Reno's court filing said that the independent counsel should examine why Brown
filed inaccurate information on financial disclosure reports and on his
application for a mortgage to pay for the purchase of a town house in January
1993.

But Reno said her inquiry showed there was no basis for investigating a variety
of conflict-of-interest allegations that had been leveled against Brown by a
member of Congress.

Rep. William F. Clinger Jr. (R-Pa.), chairman of the House Committee on
Government Reform and Oversight, had alleged that Brown had not recused himself
as secretary from dealings in which he had a financial interest. But Reno said
there were "no reasonable grounds that further investigation is warranted" of
those charges.

Reno noted that she was hindered in her effort to determine the circumstances of
Brown's dealings with Nolanda Hill and First International because "a number of
witnesses have declined to cooperate fully."

Brown supplied documents and submitted to an interview with Justice Department
attorneys, but Hill and other important figures did not, said Brown's attorney,
Reid Weingarten.

"Had she had that information, I'm certain he would have been cleared," said
Weingarten, who predicted that "there's never going to be an indictment in this
case."

Brown's dealings with Hill came under increasing scrutiny after reports that
Hill's principal business, Corridor Broadcasting Corp., had failed to repay more
than $ 20 million in debts to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. at the same
time that it was making large payments to First International.

Regarding the inaccuracies on Brown's disclosure forms, Reno said that "there is
evidence tending to suggest that Secretary Brown lacked criminal intent" but
added that she wasn't sure the evidence was "clear and convincing," as federal
law requires.

The independent counsel should have jurisdiction to investigate "possible
violations of criminal law by Hill or her companies," Reno advised the appeals
court, since these matters are "inextricably intertwined" with questions about
Brown. Clinger, in a statement, praised Reno's decision to seek an independent
counsel, but questioned Clinton's allowing Brown to stay in office. He disputed
Reno's conclusions dismissing the conflict-of-interest allegations and said he
may call congressional hearings on the matter.

Brown served as an adviser to First International, a firm that, as Reno put it,
was dedicated to "matching potential investors with promising projects around
the world."

In exchange for selling his interest back to the firm, which never had
successful ventures, Brown received $ 135,000 in cash, forgiveness of a $ 72,000
debt he owed to another company owed by Hill and agreement that the firm pay off
$ 300,000 of his personal debts.

Neither Hill nor her attorney, George Terwilliger III, could be reached for
comment last night.


NAME: Janet Reno

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, The Washington Post, INDEPENDENT COUNSEL INVESTIGATIONS
WHITEWATER Kenneth W. Starr is investigating the Clintons' Whitewater real
estate venture and its connections to a failed Arkansas savings and loan. He
took over the investigation on Aug. 5, 1994, when a three-judge panel declined
to reappoint Robert B. Fiske Jr., saying he could have a perceived conflict
because he had been appointed special prosecutor by Attorney General Janet Reno,
a Clinton appointee. Recently, the investigation has raised questions about
White House deputy counsel Bruce Lindsey and his role in alleged illegal
transactions in President Clinton's 1990 gubernatorial campaign.  MIKE ESPY
Donald C. Smaltz was appointed Sept. 9, 1994, to probe whether former Department
of Agriculture secretary Mike Espy violated criminal law in accepting gifts from
any company or individual with business before the USDA.  Last December the
investigation was widened to include whether he illegally accepted gifts from an
Arkansas poultry firm with ties to Clinton, but Reno two months ago rejected
Smaltz's request to further expand the investigation.  HENRY CISNEROS Two months
ago, Reno asked a three-judge panel to appoint an independent counsel to
determine whether Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros
criminally concealed information about payments to his former mistress, Linda
Medlar. Reno found that Cisneros significantly understated payments to Medlar
when questioned by the FBI before his Cabinet confirmation.  No independent
counsel has yet been named.  RONALD H. BROWN Yesterday, Reno called for an
independent counsel to investigate how Commerce Secretary Ronald H. Brown made
nearly half a million dollars in a business venture in which he invested no
money.  SOURCE: Staff reports --Barbara J. Saffir and Ann O'Hanlon

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              National Underwriter
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                 April 3, 2006

Zurich Bid-Rigging Deals Hit $325 Million;
Settlements with three additional states includes apology, operational reforms

BYLINE: BY STEVE TUCKEY AND DANIEL HAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 738 words


Zurich Financial Services will book a $325 million first-quarter charge to cover
the cost of settling allegations of bid-rigging and other broker compensation
wrongdoing with 12 states.

The company last week announced additional settlement agreements with New York,
Connecticut and Illinois state officials that will see it pay $153 million for
restitution to excess casualty policyholders, as well as penalties.

The agreement prohibits Zurich from paying contingent commissions on excess U.S.
casualty business through 2008 and establishes a mechanism whereby the company
would stop paying contingency fees on other lines of business if 65 percent of
the U.S. market for a particular line of business is not paying such
commissions.

In addition, Zurich issued an apology acknowledging its improper conduct.
Authorities have charged that undisclosed contingent commissions by insurers
served as kickbacks to brokers that rigged bids and steered clients to Zurich
and other carriers.

The week before, the company settled with California, Florida, Hawaii, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas and West Virginia for a total of
$171.7 million, including fines and restitution. Last week's settlement with
three additional states brings the total financial commitment from Zurich to
just under $325 million.

New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who began investigating such activity
in 2004, said Zurich's willingness to adopt reforms and provide restitution will
go a long way toward promoting fair competition in the insurance industry.

Zurich Chief Executive Officer James Schiro said the company's "significantly
enhanced compliance structure" will provide safeguards against any recurrences.

Zurich joins American International Group in having settled with state officials
over allegations of wrongdoing regarding broker compensation. In addition, the
country's three major brokerages-Marsh, Aon and Willis-have also reached
agreements with states for restitution and to stop the practices in question.

Meanwhile, Zurich American has begun assessing which excess casualty insurance
customers are due restitution under its settlement with New York, Connecticut
and Illinois, which requires complete calculations by July 10 on how the $88
million due to policyholders will be distributed, a company representative said.

While the tri-state agreement calls for customers in those states to be paid by
Feb. 7, 2007, the Zurich representative, Steven McKay, said the restitution
timetable for $151 million in refunds under the earlier, separate agreement with
nine other states is up in the air.

He noted the company's previous statement that until Zurich negotiates a final
settlement for a class-action suit, and until "the attorneys general review the
plan for allocating the settlement and the class-action settlement is approved
by the court, we will not know who will be eligible to receive restitution, or
the timing or mechanics for the distribution of the restitution funds."

Mr. McKay said various units of the insurer are already at work making
calculations as to how much individual policyholders may be owed.

The tri-state agreement calls for a report to be made to the New York, Illinois
and Connecticut attorneys general on July 20 listing policyholders by name and
address and how much they are eligible for under a pro rata share of the
settlement fund.

The share would be calculated by multiplying the $88 million by the ratio of the
policyholder's premium divided by gross written premium for all eligible
policies.

Policies included are for the period from Jan. 1, 2000 through Sept. 30, 2004.
Policyholders are supposed to get a statement of what they are due on July 24,
including a notice that the amount might increase if there is less than full
participation by eligible policyholders.

Policyholders who elect not to participate will have their share used by Zurich
to settle other claims "asserted by policyholders relating to the excess
casualty bid-rigging or excess casualty steering allegations," according to the
agreement.

Meanwhile, for customers covered in the nine-state agreement, there are no dates
yet for restitution as the group is still working out a plan of distribution,
according to a source with one of the attorneys general involved. The one firm
date in that agreement is for Zurich to pay the nine states $20 million in
investigative costs by the second week in May.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 10, 2009 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BLAGO'S IMPEACHED DEFIANT GOV FACING OUSTER AS ILL. HOUSE RIPS 'PLAGUE' HE
CREATED

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL SAUL DAILY NEWS POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 453 words


THE ILLINOIS House impeached Gov. Rod Blagojevich yesterday, a month after he
was accused of trying to sell Barack Obama's Senate seat to the highest bidder.

The legislators voted 114 to 1 for impeachment, setting the stage for a trial in
the state Senate, where conviction by two-thirds of its members would boot
Blagojevich from office.

The trial is slated to begin Jan. 26, and could last until mid-February.

A defiant Blagojevich vehemently denied any wrongdoing, and insisted the House
voted to impeach him as retribution for long-standing policy disagreements with
lawmakers.

"Let me reassert to all of you once more that I am not guilty of any criminal
wrongdoing," he said during an afternoon news conference. "I'm confident that at
the end of the day I will be properly exonerated."

He vowed to "fight every step of the way."

The governor claimed "the causes of the impeachment are because I've done things
to fight for families." He cited various conflicts with lawmakers over a range
of issues, including health care and property tax relief.

Yesterday morning, as lawmakers debated his impeachment, the two-term Democrat
jogged along Chicago's snowy streets in a black running suit.

Dogged by reporters, he compared his predicament with the "loneliness" of a
long-distance runner.

Before the vote, legislator after legislator lined up to blast Blagojevich,
exuding anger and embarrassment over the governor's alleged behavior and how the
accusations have tarnished the state.

"Due to his conduct, the governor has failed to uphold the oath of office," Rep.
Barbara Flynn Currie, chairwoman of the House panel that held impeachment
hearings, said. "He is no longer capable of defending our liberties. He should
be impeached."

Rep. Jack Franks said, "The plague that has been brought upon us by Rod
Blagojevich will be lifted."

Blagojevich, who has defied calls for him to step down since his arrest last
month, appointed Roland Burris, a former state attorney general, to succeed
Obama.

Burris was barred from entering the Senate earlier this week. Officials said his
credentials weren't in order because the Illinois secretary of state had not
signed them.

He appeared to be dragged into a Catch-22 dilemma yesterday.

Illinois' highest court ruled "no further action is required by the secretary of
state or any other official" to make Burris' appointment valid.

But several senators, including Sen. Richard Durbin (D-Ill.), said they won't
admit Burris unless his paperwork is signed.

Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate, said the seat should remain empty
until the end of Blagojevich's impeachment trial, so the next governor can make
the appointment.

"That's the best way to turn the page," he said. msaul@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Rod Blagojevich tells reporters yesterday he will "fight every
step of the way" after Illinois House voted to impeach him. Photo by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

'No regrets': Bato ready for jail over Vegas trip

LENGTH: 502  words


Philippine National Police (PNP) Director General Ronald 'Bato' dela Rosa on
Monday said he was willing to go to jail if proven guilty of ethics breach for
his sponsored trip to Las Vegas to watch the fight of Sen. Emmanuel 'Manny'
Pacquiao.

In a press briefing in Camp Crame, Dela Rosa said he respects and welcomes the
Office of the Ombudsman's fact-finding investigation into his travel perks, but
added that he had no regrets in accepting the sponsored trip to watch the
Pacquiao-Vargas bout last Nov. 5.

'My respect to the Office of the Ombudsman remains at nirerespeto ko 'yung
kanilang (and I respect their) functions. Trabaho nila 'yan just like yung kami
sa PNP na mag-imbestiga ng violations sa batas, ganun din sila (It's their job
just like us in the PNP to investigate violations of law). But anyway the truth
will come out and sana magkaroon ng fair interpretation sa batas para naman po
walang maagrabyado (I hope there would be fair interpretation of the law so
everyone would be treated equally),' Dela Rosa said.

'On my part naman kung talagang lalabas sa investigation na na ako ay may
kasalanan na nagawa (if the investigation would reveal that I committed a
wrongdoing) then I'm ready to go to jail kung ikulong nila ako (if they would
imprison me). Okay lang sa akin magpapakulong ako kung ako talaga ay nagkamali
(It's all right for me to be put to jail if I committed a wrongdoing). Basta
what's important is that I'm honestKung nagawa ko yun (If I committed a
wrongdoing) I'm man enough to go to jail if proven guilty,' he added.

Dela Rosa had admitted that Pacquiao hosted him and his family in Las Vegas and
paid for their plane tickets, hotel accommodations and allowance.

The Ombudsman probe will look into possible criminal and administrative
liabilities that Dela Rosa may have committed, particularly violations of
Presidential Decree No. 46, which punishes public officials for receiving gifts
'on any occasion,' as well as Republic Act No. 6713, or the Code of Conduct and
Ethical Standards for Public Officials and Employees.

But Dela Rosa maintained that his acceptance of free trip and accommodations
from Pacquiao was not politically motivated.

'Itong sa akin ay pampulis lang, hindi pamulitika (This concerns my post as a
police officer and it's not politically motivated). Whatever kung merong
insinuations na politically motivated or not hindi ko po pinapasok sa utak ko
'yan (If there are insinuations that this is politically motivated or not, I
don't think about it),' he said.

'I'm ready to accept the consequences of actions. Anyway hindi po ako nagsisi
dahil nabigyan ko ng quality time yung aking pamilya at libre pa. So okay lang
kung mapunta ako sa kulungan at masaya pamilya ko at hindi yun kinorrupt na pera
at hindi ko po hinihingi 'yun,' Dela Rosa added.

(I have no regrets because I was able to spend quality time with my family for
free. So it's all right if I go to jail as long as my family is happy and the
money didn't come from corruption and I didn't ask for it.)

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                  May 30, 2008

Former Adams and Reese lawyer sues firm

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 266  words


A former partner at Adams and Reese has filed a lawsuit against the firm and
some of its members, alleging they conspired to defraud him, some of the firm's
partners and others.

James Perdigao, whose lawsuit was filed Tuesday, is a defendant in other federal
litigation. Perdigao, who provided legal services to companies in Louisiana's
gambling industry while working for Adams and Reese, last year was charged in a
59 count indictment by a federal grand jury for mail fraud, bank fraud, tax
evasion, filing false tax returns, money laundering and transportation of stolen
funds. The indictment charges him with stealing checks belonging to Adams and
Reese and depositing those checks into accounts he controlled.

In Perdigao's lawsuit against the firm, he alleges, among other things, that
there was a scheme to bribe former U.S. Attorney Eddie Jordan through Rep.
William Jefferson.

His lawsuit also touches on the firm's involvement in the WorldCom scandal, the
firm's employment of former New Orleans Mayor Marc Morial and former Jefferson
Parish President Tim Coulon, claiming the firm improperly used former public
officials to land other clients.

The firm, in a statement, called Perdigao's lawsuit "the latest episode in
Perdigao's continuing fantasy of blaming the government and our firm for his
wrongdoing and lashing out at those who are holding him accountable for his
actions. Adams and Reese denies Perdigao's allegations of wrongdoing. We look
forward to his upcoming criminal trial and we will continue to cooperate with
the U.S. attorney and the FBI to ensure that justice is done. "

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 25, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

No Evidence of Abuse Is Found At City-Run Shelter for Women

BYLINE: By RACHEL L. SWARNS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1029 words


Two months after the entire staff of a city-run shelter for battered women was
removed amid allegations of sexual misconduct, child abuse and other wrongdoing,
investigators have found no evidence so far to support the most serious charges,
the head of New York City's social service agency said yesterday.

City officials rushed to act at the shelter before thoroughly investigating the
allegations, in part out of fear that one of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's
political rivals would make the case a political issue, said the official,
Lilliam Barrios-Paoli.

Worried that Borough President Fernando Ferrer of the Bronx would publicize the
accusations first, and fearful that battered women and their children might be
at risk, the city replaced the 44-member staff and the security company hired to
guard the Bronx shelter in February, saying that investigators had found
evidence of "widespread wrongdoing."

In fact, city investigators had no evidence at the time to support claims of
sexual misconduct or child abuse, said Ms. Barrios-Paoli, Commissioner of the
city's Human Resource Administration. And further investigation has failed so
far to uncover any criminal wrongdoing at the shelter, called New Day Safe
Haven, she said.

But she said city officials acted quickly, in part, because they knew the
battered women who made the claims had told their stories to Mr. Ferrer, who is
running against Mr. Giuliani in the upcoming mayoral election. "It became clear
that Freddie Ferrer was going to go public," Mrs. Barrios-Paoli said in an
interview yesterday. "And they were not allowed enough time to investigate
thoroughly."

None of the workers have been charged with engaging in sexual relations with the
female clients or with ignoring reports of child abuse. Of the 10 workers who
were suspended, one has been fired for making lewd comments to a client and
another has been suspended for acting disruptively when investigators entered
the shelter, she said. The others have been accused of various administrative
offenses, including stealing food, sleeping on the job and impeding the city
investigation.

The initial allegations included charges that private security guards had let
some of the women's abusers into the shelter, but the company, D.A.O.R.
Security, has subsequently been cleared of any wrongdoing.

"The initial allegations were horrendous," said Ms. Barrios-Paoli, referring to
the claims of the battered women. "But the whole portrayal of massive sexual
abuse was just not true." Some results of the investigation were reported
yesterday in The New York Post.

A spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani denied that political pressure had played a role
in the investigation.

"That decision was the prudent judgment of law enforcement professionals who
were acting to protect the safety and well-being of the battered women in that
shelter," said the spokeswoman, Colleen Roche, who added that the investigation
was continuing.

Ms. Barrios-Paoli, who was not running H.R.A at the time but held another post
in the administration, did not say who made the decision to remove the workers.
And she emphasized that while political considerations played a role in the
decision-making, city officials were primarily concerned about the vulnerability
of the 60 women and 100 children living in the 200-bed shelter.

But supporters of the workers, most of whom were transferred to other city jobs,
accused the city of recklessly damaging the reputations of solid workers for
political gain.

"They should be ashamed of themselves," said Charles Ensley, the president of
Local 371 of the Social Service Workers Union.

Clint Roswell, a spokesman for Mr. Ferrer, also accused City Hall of tainting
its inquiry with political considerations. "If the city can't do this, maybe the
state should," he said.

The investigation began in early January, when H.R.A. officials received a tip
and forwarded the information to the Department of Investigation, which then
began its inquiry, city officials said.

Two residents of the shelter also told Mr. Ferrer's aides about problems there
at a state hearing on domestic violence held in the Bronx on Jan. 16. A
spokesman for Mr. Ferrer said the aides introduced the women to state officials
at the hearing so they could tell their stories. State officials contacted the
city Department of Investigation the next day, but were told that an
investigation was already under way.

About a month later, on Feb. 11, investigators and armed police officers arrived
at the shelter and herded workers off in vans.

In a news release at the time, Edward J. Kuriansky, Commissioner of the
Department of Investigation, said the investigation "rapidly revealed evidence
of widespread wrongdoing at both the supervisory and staff levels." The release
mentioned allegations of improper sexual contact between staff and residents,
theft and the failure to report child abuse.

Ms. Barrios-Paoli said yesterday that undercover investigators had uncovered
"management anomalies" and had heard the complaints of the women, but did not
have time to verify those complaints before the decision was made to remove the
workers. The allegations by the two women turned out to be largely exaggerated,
she said.

During a news press conference yesterday afternoon, Mr. Giuliani also said he
suspected that some of the allegations were exaggerated, but he added that he
expected some workers to be disciplined.

"There was wrongdoing," he said. "The people responsible for that will be fired,
disciplined, removed and certainly not allowed to go back."

Ms. Barrios-Paoli said she was seeking to dismiss four of the 10 workers
suspended. She said one offered a battered woman money in exchange for
undisclosed favors; another stole food and supplies and lied about it. Another
allegedly tried to obstruct the city's investigation, she said, and the fourth
was caught sleeping on the job.

But Ms. Barrios-Paoli emphasized that the vast majority of the workers "had
nothing to do with anything" alleged by the battered women. And she said she
expected most to be exonerated and to return to their jobs once the
investigation is complete.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 22, 1991, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LAWMAKERS GRILL FORMER HEAD OF COLUMBUS PANEL

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 411 words


WASHINGTON - The former head of the presidential commission to commemorate
the500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' voyage faced tough questions from
lawmakers - and incriminating tape recordings - at a House hearing on Thursday.
The former official, John N. Goudie, denied any wrongdoing and portrayed himself
as the victim of a poorly funded and organized commission, called the
Christopher Columbus Quincentenary Jubilee Commission. Goudie resigned in
December as commission chairman.  Goudie was questioned on the second day of
hearings by a panel of the House Post Office and Civil Service Committee on
allegations of mismanagement and fraud involving the Jubilee Commission, which
is planning next year's celebration.  Rep. Tom Sawyer, D-Ohio, chairman of the
panel, said he was troubled by allegations of ''widespread conflict of
interest,'' misuse of corporate funds and fraud involving business dealings
related to the Jubilee Commission while Goudie was in charge.  But Goudie, a
real estate broker and Republican fund-raiser from Miami, described himself as
an inexperienced manager who was named by President Ronald Reagan to run an
underfunded' commission with no direction from the administration.  But
skeptical House members, including Rep. William L. Clay, D-Mo., the committee's
chairman, peppered Goudie with questions about his dealings.  After Goudie
invoked the Fifth Amendment in declining to respond to some detailed questions,
the committee played tape recordings of phone conversations involving Goudie.
The committee said the tapes were recorded by Tony Baltes, a former secretary of
a licensing group that used the Jubilee Commission's logo on souvenir products.
Baltes told the panel that the head of the licensing group had bragged about
paying a $150,000 ''bribe'' to Goudie to gain influence.  Goudie denied any
wrongdoing and declined to confirm that his voice was on the tapes. But
committee members said the recordings appeared to involve Goudie and Baltes.  At
one point in the fifth tape, a voice identified as Goudie's tells Baltes: ''If I
am (not on this commission, you're going to be yanked from the licensing.
Because they're going to link us as friends or whatever.'' At another point, a
voice identified as Goudie's described the licensing deal by recounting a
conversation with the head of the licensing group. ''I told him: You really want
to make money? This is the way to make money,'' Goudie said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO By Larry Williams/St. Charles Post...Cougar
Girls...Lutheran-St.  Charles High School's girls basketball team for 1991-92 is
led by coach Sheryl Timm (left) and junior Gretchn Staude, seniors Michelle
Ruengert and Sharon Tomlinson, and juniors Amy Elstermeyer, Christine Walsh and
Megan Ruengert.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Colonies  prosecutors withheld evidence from grand jury, defense alleges

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1032 words


SAN BERNARDINO >> An Upland attorney s allegation that prosecutors withheld key
evidence from the grand jury in the Colonies corruption case, which he said
would have cleared his client of any wrongdoing, has long been a sticking point
among defense attorneys since certain court reforms were passed in 1990, a
criminal law expert said Tuesday.

Defense attorney Stephen Larson, in aset of motions filed last month , accused
San Bernardino County prosecutors of manipulating the grand jury by giving an
unfair and one-sided presentation of facts in the case. He cited 20 pieces of
exculpatory evidence or things prosecutors did that was prejudicial to his
client and prevented the grand jury from fulfilling its role as being an
independent bulwark  of justice and not a rubber stamp for prosecutors.

Larson represents Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, who along with three
former county officials stands accused of engaging in a conspiracy of bribery
and blackmail to secure a landmark $102 million legal settlement from the county
in November 2006 with Burum s real estate investor group, Colonies Partners LP.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and have been battling it out with
prosecutors in court for the last four years. The case has been stalled due to
appeals that reached all the way to the state Supreme Court. The case is still
simmering at the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside, which has yet to
decide whether to grant Larson s request to kick the case back to Superior Court
so the defense can proceed with trial.

The prosecution s conduct in this case - particularly when considered
cumulatively over the course of the entire grand jury proceeding - unmistakably
interfered with the grand jury s independence and impartiality, rendering the
entire proceeding a violation of Mr. Burum s rights,  Larson said in his motion.

The reality is, as the old saying goes, any prosecutor can get a grand jury to
indict a ham sandwich if they want,  said Mark Arnold, a San Jose-based criminal
defense attorney and criminal law expert.  They re the only ones presenting the
evidence to the grand jury and can get the grand jury to return whatever the
prosecutor wants them to return.

The mantra  a grand jury would indict a ham sandwich if asked by a prosecutor
was coined by New York State Chief Judge Sol Wachtler more than a century ago,
was quoted and immortalized by author Tom Wolfe in his book  The Bonfire of the
Vanities,  and has been much repeated in the legal community ever since.

Arnold said that Larson s filing of the motion, called a  Johnson motion,  is a
common practice among defense attorneys who firmly believe their clients have
been indicted due to insufficient presentation or withholding of exculpatory
evidence, Arnold said.

Johnson motions are perhaps the most common motions made after a grand jury
indictment,  Arnold said.  Johnson says, in theory, that because prosecutors are
the only ones presenting evidence, that if they re aware of exonerating
information, they have to present that to the grand jury.

But it s a rarity that judges grant such motions, Arnold said.

Either the exonerating information was not sufficient enough or relevant enough
to overturn the indictment,  Arnold said.

The District Attorney s Office, which has teamed with the state Attorney General
s Office in prosecuting the case, has repeatedly declined to comment about the
case during the criminal proceedings.

The issue became even more of an issue for defense attorneys, and the filing of
Johnson motions more prevalent, following the passage of Proposition 115, or the
Crime Victims Justice Reform Act, in 1990. The law eliminated the right for
defendants to have a preliminary hearing to establish probable cause for
criminal charges if their indictments resulted from grand jury proceedings.

Among the 43 witnesses who testified during the month-long grand jury
proceedings in April and May of 2011, some of the most problematic testimony,
Larson says in his motion, was from countySupervisor Josie Gonzales .

Gonzales testified that she arrived in China roughly two weeks before the
settlement was reached in November 2006 and was confronted by former Sen. Jim
Brulte, who at the time was working as a political consultant for Burum. She
said Brulte asked her if she would like to go out for a night on the town with
him and another unnamed person/persons, and that she spotted Burum standing and
waiting in the hall.

She testified that Brulte s invitation scared her and that she thought it would
be  dangerous  to go out with them given the ongoing Colonies settlement
negotiations. She testified that she told Brulte she would meet him in an hour,
but never showed, and hid out in her hotel room for the remainder of the night.

The problem with Gonzales  testimony, Larson argues in his motion, is that Burum
was never in China in 2006.

Gonzales spun a tale of intrigue and sinister back-room strategies based
entirely on her own inadmissable speculation,  Larson said in his motion.  Not
only did the prosecution elicit improper testimony, it withheld evidence that
contradicted Supervisor Gonzales and would have undermined her credibility
before the grand jury.

Gonzales said in an interview Monday that her encounter with Brulte and Burum
was in 2005, not 2006. She said it was the first China trade mission hosted by
the county s economic development agency.

In 2006 we had a completely different format,  Gonzales said Monday.  I said it
so many times and it s been so long. It was the first time I went, and that was
in 2005.

But according to grand jury transcripts, Gonzales said she never encountered
Burum during her September 2005 trip to China.

Are you aware of Mr. Burum being present during that particular China trip?
prosecutor Lewis Cope asked Gonzales.

No,  Gonzales replied.

County spokesman David Wert said in an e-mail Tuesday that the county s economic
development agency hosted no trips to China in 2005, and that the first trip was
in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Colonies  prosecutors withheld evidence from grand jury, defense alleges

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1032 words


SAN BERNARDINO >> An Upland attorney s allegation that prosecutors withheld key
evidence from the grand jury in the Colonies corruption case, which he said
would have cleared his client of any wrongdoing, has long been a sticking point
among defense attorneys since certain court reforms were passed in 1990, a
criminal law expert said Tuesday.

Defense attorney Stephen Larson, in aset of motions filed last month , accused
San Bernardino County prosecutors of manipulating the grand jury by giving an
unfair and one-sided presentation of facts in the case. He cited 20 pieces of
exculpatory evidence or things prosecutors did that was prejudicial to his
client and prevented the grand jury from fulfilling its role as being an
independent bulwark  of justice and not a rubber stamp for prosecutors.

Larson represents Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, who along with three
former county officials stands accused of engaging in a conspiracy of bribery
and blackmail to secure a landmark $102 million legal settlement from the county
in November 2006 with Burum s real estate investor group, Colonies Partners LP.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and have been battling it out with
prosecutors in court for the last four years. The case has been stalled due to
appeals that reached all the way to the state Supreme Court. The case is still
simmering at the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside, which has yet to
decide whether to grant Larson s request to kick the case back to Superior Court
so the defense can proceed with trial.

The prosecution s conduct in this case - particularly when considered
cumulatively over the course of the entire grand jury proceeding - unmistakably
interfered with the grand jury s independence and impartiality, rendering the
entire proceeding a violation of Mr. Burum s rights,  Larson said in his motion.

The reality is, as the old saying goes, any prosecutor can get a grand jury to
indict a ham sandwich if they want,  said Mark Arnold, a San Jose-based criminal
defense attorney and criminal law expert.  They re the only ones presenting the
evidence to the grand jury and can get the grand jury to return whatever the
prosecutor wants them to return.

The mantra  a grand jury would indict a ham sandwich if asked by a prosecutor
was coined by New York State Chief Judge Sol Wachtler more than a century ago,
was quoted and immortalized by author Tom Wolfe in his book  The Bonfire of the
Vanities,  and has been much repeated in the legal community ever since.

Arnold said that Larson s filing of the motion, called a  Johnson motion,  is a
common practice among defense attorneys who firmly believe their clients have
been indicted due to insufficient presentation or withholding of exculpatory
evidence, Arnold said.

Johnson motions are perhaps the most common motions made after a grand jury
indictment,  Arnold said.  Johnson says, in theory, that because prosecutors are
the only ones presenting evidence, that if they re aware of exonerating
information, they have to present that to the grand jury.

But it s a rarity that judges grant such motions, Arnold said.

Either the exonerating information was not sufficient enough or relevant enough
to overturn the indictment,  Arnold said.

The District Attorney s Office, which has teamed with the state Attorney General
s Office in prosecuting the case, has repeatedly declined to comment about the
case during the criminal proceedings.

The issue became even more of an issue for defense attorneys, and the filing of
Johnson motions more prevalent, following the passage of Proposition 115, or the
Crime Victims Justice Reform Act, in 1990. The law eliminated the right for
defendants to have a preliminary hearing to establish probable cause for
criminal charges if their indictments resulted from grand jury proceedings.

Among the 43 witnesses who testified during the month-long grand jury
proceedings in April and May of 2011, some of the most problematic testimony,
Larson says in his motion, was from countySupervisor Josie Gonzales .

Gonzales testified that she arrived in China roughly two weeks before the
settlement was reached in November 2006 and was confronted by former Sen. Jim
Brulte, who at the time was working as a political consultant for Burum. She
said Brulte asked her if she would like to go out for a night on the town with
him and another unnamed person/persons, and that she spotted Burum standing and
waiting in the hall.

She testified that Brulte s invitation scared her and that she thought it would
be  dangerous  to go out with them given the ongoing Colonies settlement
negotiations. She testified that she told Brulte she would meet him in an hour,
but never showed, and hid out in her hotel room for the remainder of the night.

The problem with Gonzales  testimony, Larson argues in his motion, is that Burum
was never in China in 2006.

Gonzales spun a tale of intrigue and sinister back-room strategies based
entirely on her own inadmissable speculation,  Larson said in his motion.  Not
only did the prosecution elicit improper testimony, it withheld evidence that
contradicted Supervisor Gonzales and would have undermined her credibility
before the grand jury.

Gonzales said in an interview Monday that her encounter with Brulte and Burum
was in 2005, not 2006. She said it was the first China trade mission hosted by
the county s economic development agency.

In 2006 we had a completely different format,  Gonzales said Monday.  I said it
so many times and it s been so long. It was the first time I went, and that was
in 2005.

But according to grand jury transcripts, Gonzales said she never encountered
Burum during her September 2005 trip to China.

Are you aware of Mr. Burum being present during that particular China trip?
prosecutor Lewis Cope asked Gonzales.

No,  Gonzales replied.

County spokesman David Wert said in an e-mail Tuesday that the county s economic
development agency hosted no trips to China in 2005, and that the first trip was
in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Colonies  prosecutors withheld evidence from grand jury, defense alleges

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1032 words


SAN BERNARDINO >> An Upland attorney s allegation that prosecutors withheld key
evidence from the grand jury in the Colonies corruption case, which he said
would have cleared his client of any wrongdoing, has long been a sticking point
among defense attorneys since certain court reforms were passed in 1990, a
criminal law expert said Tuesday.

Defense attorney Stephen Larson, in aset of motions filed last month , accused
San Bernardino County prosecutors of manipulating the grand jury by giving an
unfair and one-sided presentation of facts in the case. He cited 20 pieces of
exculpatory evidence or things prosecutors did that was prejudicial to his
client and prevented the grand jury from fulfilling its role as being an
independent bulwark  of justice and not a rubber stamp for prosecutors.

Larson represents Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, who along with three
former county officials stands accused of engaging in a conspiracy of bribery
and blackmail to secure a landmark $102 million legal settlement from the county
in November 2006 with Burum s real estate investor group, Colonies Partners LP.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and have been battling it out with
prosecutors in court for the last four years. The case has been stalled due to
appeals that reached all the way to the state Supreme Court. The case is still
simmering at the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside, which has yet to
decide whether to grant Larson s request to kick the case back to Superior Court
so the defense can proceed with trial.

The prosecution s conduct in this case - particularly when considered
cumulatively over the course of the entire grand jury proceeding - unmistakably
interfered with the grand jury s independence and impartiality, rendering the
entire proceeding a violation of Mr. Burum s rights,  Larson said in his motion.

The reality is, as the old saying goes, any prosecutor can get a grand jury to
indict a ham sandwich if they want,  said Mark Arnold, a San Jose-based criminal
defense attorney and criminal law expert.  They re the only ones presenting the
evidence to the grand jury and can get the grand jury to return whatever the
prosecutor wants them to return.

The mantra  a grand jury would indict a ham sandwich if asked by a prosecutor
was coined by New York State Chief Judge Sol Wachtler more than a century ago,
was quoted and immortalized by author Tom Wolfe in his book  The Bonfire of the
Vanities,  and has been much repeated in the legal community ever since.

Arnold said that Larson s filing of the motion, called a  Johnson motion,  is a
common practice among defense attorneys who firmly believe their clients have
been indicted due to insufficient presentation or withholding of exculpatory
evidence, Arnold said.

Johnson motions are perhaps the most common motions made after a grand jury
indictment,  Arnold said.  Johnson says, in theory, that because prosecutors are
the only ones presenting evidence, that if they re aware of exonerating
information, they have to present that to the grand jury.

But it s a rarity that judges grant such motions, Arnold said.

Either the exonerating information was not sufficient enough or relevant enough
to overturn the indictment,  Arnold said.

The District Attorney s Office, which has teamed with the state Attorney General
s Office in prosecuting the case, has repeatedly declined to comment about the
case during the criminal proceedings.

The issue became even more of an issue for defense attorneys, and the filing of
Johnson motions more prevalent, following the passage of Proposition 115, or the
Crime Victims Justice Reform Act, in 1990. The law eliminated the right for
defendants to have a preliminary hearing to establish probable cause for
criminal charges if their indictments resulted from grand jury proceedings.

Among the 43 witnesses who testified during the month-long grand jury
proceedings in April and May of 2011, some of the most problematic testimony,
Larson says in his motion, was from countySupervisor Josie Gonzales .

Gonzales testified that she arrived in China roughly two weeks before the
settlement was reached in November 2006 and was confronted by former Sen. Jim
Brulte, who at the time was working as a political consultant for Burum. She
said Brulte asked her if she would like to go out for a night on the town with
him and another unnamed person/persons, and that she spotted Burum standing and
waiting in the hall.

She testified that Brulte s invitation scared her and that she thought it would
be  dangerous  to go out with them given the ongoing Colonies settlement
negotiations. She testified that she told Brulte she would meet him in an hour,
but never showed, and hid out in her hotel room for the remainder of the night.

The problem with Gonzales  testimony, Larson argues in his motion, is that Burum
was never in China in 2006.

Gonzales spun a tale of intrigue and sinister back-room strategies based
entirely on her own inadmissable speculation,  Larson said in his motion.  Not
only did the prosecution elicit improper testimony, it withheld evidence that
contradicted Supervisor Gonzales and would have undermined her credibility
before the grand jury.

Gonzales said in an interview Monday that her encounter with Brulte and Burum
was in 2005, not 2006. She said it was the first China trade mission hosted by
the county s economic development agency.

In 2006 we had a completely different format,  Gonzales said Monday.  I said it
so many times and it s been so long. It was the first time I went, and that was
in 2005.

But according to grand jury transcripts, Gonzales said she never encountered
Burum during her September 2005 trip to China.

Are you aware of Mr. Burum being present during that particular China trip?
prosecutor Lewis Cope asked Gonzales.

No,  Gonzales replied.

County spokesman David Wert said in an e-mail Tuesday that the county s economic
development agency hosted no trips to China in 2005, and that the first trip was
in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 11, 2010 Sunday

Orie charges political dynamite

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 632 words


HARRISBURG

The criminal case against Sen. Jane C. Orie -- until this week the No. 3
Republican leader in the state Senate -- has potential implications for the
state's highest court and the governor's race.

The Allegheny County grand jury presentment alleges, among other things, that
Orie's state staffers did campaign work for her sister, Supreme Court Justice
Joan Orie Melvin.

So did Orie's sister Janine, an employee of Melvin's, the grand jury alleged.
Jane Orie denies any wrongdoing and claims the investigation is a vendetta by
District Attorney Stephen Zappala, a Democrat. Melvin has not been accused of
any wrongdoing.

Melvin, who was elected in November on a platform of reforming the judiciary,
angered many pols and judges with her rhetoric. She's had a target on her back
since announcing she would pay back the judicial pay raise.

A second grand jury will pursue unfinished business. There seems to be little
doubt that the top of the food chain -- the big fish, if you will -- serves on
the state's highest court: Joan Orie Melvin. That's the way public corruption
investigations and many other criminal investigations work. District attorneys
take down street dealers and middlemen to nail drug lords. Jack Orie, an
attorney and brother of Jane and Joan, had indicated the probe would move next
to Melvin.

All of this reflects politically on Republican Attorney General Tom Corbett, who
appeared at Melvin's swearing-in ceremony in January. Corbett, who lives in
Orie's North Hills Senate district, has pursued a high-profile investigation of
elected officials using staffers and resources for political work.

Corbett is smack in the middle of a governor's race. He's poised to win the
Republican nomination in the May 18 primary against state Rep. Sam Rohrer of
Berks County.

Against whoever emerges from the Democrat primary, Corbett now has a chink in
his armor, thanks to the grand jury.

Whether it's serious or not remains to be seen.

But here's Corbett investigating House Democrats and Republicans. He's charged
25 former House members, sitting lawmakers and staffers for doing campaign work
at taxpayers' expense. Of 12 Democrats charged first, in July 2008, 10,
including former House Democratic Whip Mike Veon, have been convicted. One
staffer and an ex-legislator were acquitted. But to date, at least in what is
seen publicly, there hasn't been a lot done with Senate Republicans. It's also
true that we don't know what investigators have been doing.

In the Orie case, a former University of Pittsburgh intern who worked in Orie's
district office was one of the witnesses who says she saw campaign activity in
the Senate office for Melvin. Shortly after she resigned in late October, the
intern, Jennifer Rioja, called the state Bureau of Elections and Attorney
General's Office to "report that political activities were being carried out at
Orie's legislative office," according to the grand jury. The presentment said
Rioja was told by an unidentified person at Corbett's office that "her complaint
should be directed instead to the office of District Attorney." Her phone
records show she called Corbett's office, the grand jury said.

Kevin Harley, a Corbett spokesman, said his office has no record of Rioja
calling. Secondly, there is no record suggesting any specificity was provided,
he said.

State Democratic Party Chairman T.J. Rooney pounced before the ink was dry on
the presentment, calling for Corbett to "come clean" and explain why he refused
to investigate the allegations.

Add to this the fact that Orie's brother Jerry works for Corbett. It may be
totally irrelevant but in the political realm the truth seldom matters.

There seems little doubt we will see the Dems air a hard-hitting ad on Corbett,
claiming he took a pass on the Orie probe.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Paterson reconsidering run for governor?

BYLINE: By Tom Precious

SECTION: BLOGS; Politics Now

LENGTH: 481 words


Gov. David Paterson played coy this morning in a radio interview about whether
he still might want to run for governor this year.

"I wanted to run for governor," Paterson said on the "Imus in the Morning" show
broadcast from a Manhattan restaurant this morning.

Paterson, fielding a question from the show's host about "rumors" he might run
because he believes investigations of wrongdoing will vindicate him, quickly
launched into a check-list of how much better New York is doing fiscally
compared to other states.

But, Paterson said, his focus is on running the state, and the investigations
looking into several allegations of wrongdoing on his part or his
administration.

"First things first. I have to address some issues right now," he said.

Whether his non-answers about running were intended as mere Paterson playfulness
or not, there is little to indicate anything other than that the Democratic
Party's train has already left the station for Paterson. Paterson himself noted
the obvious: few resources to even mount a campaign.

Paterson was sworn into office two years ago today following the resignation of
Eliot Spitzer, who was caught up in a prostitution scandal. Democratic Attorney
General Andrew Cuomo is preparing a run for Paterson's job against likely
Republican nominee Rick Lazio, although Buffalo developer Carl Paladino is
making a lot of noise about challenging Lazio.

Paterson's radio interview came a day after his lawyer produced emails defending
Paterson's appearance at the first game of the World Series last fall at Yankee
Stadium; the emails suggest Paterson was invited by the team to the game as
opposed to soliciting the tickets first.

"I think when that all comes out, it will work out," Paterson said this morning
of the

baseball ticket investigation.

Asked why someone who is legally blind would want to attend a baseball game,
Paterson

responded that it was part of his job as governor of the host state.

"Usually, I don't go to those kind of events for the entertainment value of it,"
he said, noting he can stay home and sit up close to his television's screen to
be able to see a ball game.

Paterson complimented Cuomo, who wants Paterson's job, for his handling of two
investigations, and for handing them off last week to Judith Kaye, the state's
former chief

judge, to probe more fully as an independent counsel.

But he didn't offer warm words for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, who he appointed to
her job and who recently said Paterson needs to resign if the allegations about
him are true.

"That's about whenever you're in a jam there are people who will throw you under
the bus," Paterson said when asked about Gillibrand's reaction to his troubles.

"They just don't expect you go get out from under the bus and when you do they
should be forewarned," he added.

Had he spoken to Gillibrand?

"It's hard to talk to anyone when you're under the bus," Paterson said.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday

DISGRACED HEVESI TEARS INTO HIS FOES

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 531 words


ALBANY - Former Comptroller Alan Hevesi yesterday spoke out for the first time
in the face of new corruption accusations, denying any wrongdoing with the state
pension fund and bitterly accusing his successor and Attorney General Andrew
Cuomo of a "smear campaign" against him.

"There has been a systematic leaking of information to create the false
impression of wrongdoing by Mr. Hevesi," his lawyer, Bradley Simon, said in a
statement.

He blamed the leaks directly on Cuomo's office, citing the attorney general's
previous comments early on in the investigation that there was "very troubling,
serious, systemic conflicts of interest" in the state Comptroller's Office.

"Reasonable people would conclude that it is wrong for law-enforcement officials
. . . to publicly rush to judgment at the inception of an investigation," Simon
added.

The statement also ripped new Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli for saying this week
that Hevesi and his top aides had engaged in "unethical, irresponsible and
possibly criminal activity."

DiNapoli made the comment while confirming a Post report that a former senior
official was responsible for the disappearance earlier this year of sensitive
pension documents.

"Mr. DiNapoli is in no position to judge Mr. Hevesi, and his knee-jerk reaction
speaks to his lack of professionalism and personal weakness," Simon charged.

Among the issues being investigated by Cuomo and Albany County District Attorney
David Soares is whether Hevesi and his top aides steered pension business to
several companies that donated large sums of money to Hevesi's campaigns or
provided other benefits to his sons, Andrew and Daniel.

Simon strongly defended the pension's performance under Hevesi and noted it is
not illegal under state law for office holders to accept campaign contributions
from those with business before the state.

"We reiterate that all pension-fund decisions under Alan Hevesi's watch were
made by professional staff strictly on the merits," Simon said.

A Cuomo spokesman denied leaking information about the probe.

"The only comment this office has made regarding the case is that we are
concerned about troubling and systemic conflicts of interests in the
Comptroller's Office," said Cuomo spokesman Jeffrey Lerner. "Given the past and
present, we stand by that statement."

DiNapoli spokesman Dennis Tompkins said the new comptroller's office is
cooperating fully with the investigation and that DiNapoli's "primary focus
since he took office has been to restore ethics and integrity to the state
comptroller's office."

Hevesi resigned in December after pleading guilty to a felony for using state
employees as chauffeurs for his wife.

"While Mr. Hevesi has admitted that he acted improperly in using a state
employee to drive his ailing wife and accepted responsibility for that, the
implication that he improperly benefited from control over the state's pension
fund is false," Simon said.

----

'[STATE COMPTROLLER] DINAPOLI IS IN NO POSITION TO JUDGE MR. HEVESI, AND HIS
KNEE-JERK REACTION SPEAKS TO HIS LACK OF PROFESSIONALISM AND PERSONAL WEAKNESS.'
- STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF FORMER STATE COMPTROLLER ALAN HEVESI (RIGHT)

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alan Hevesi.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

First American agrees to $10 million settlement;
Regulator accused it of paying kickbacks for referrals in case similar to 2005
settlements.

BYLINE: By ANDREW GALVIN; The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. News_D

LENGTH: 410 words


First American Title Insurance Co.has agreed to pay $10 million to settle
allegations by the California Department of Insurance that its employees paid
illegal kickbacks to real estate professionals and a builder for referrals of
title insurance business.

The latest settlement comes nearly two years after First American agreed in
February 2005 to refund $24 million to customers to settle similar allegations
brought by Colorado regulators. Later that year, the Santa Ana-based insurer
agreed to pay another $5 million to California in penalties and investigative
costs.

The 2005 settlements resolved what regulators described as schemes in which
kickbacks were paid through phony "reinsurance" companies controlled by
builders, lenders and brokers.

The new case involves accusations of less sophisticated wrongdoing: offering
inducements like concert and football tickets, riverboat cruises and payments in
exchange for customers.

While it's legal for builders, lenders and real estate agents to refer buyers to
a title insurer, the insurers are barred by state and federal law from paying
for such referrals.

The latest settlement, dated Jan. 3, was reported Wednesday by  Inman.com, a
real estate news site. First American didn't admit wrongdoing in the settlement.

In a statement, First American said "this action is in keeping with First
American's previously announced plan to meet with insurance regulators across
the nation, to proactively share the details of its corporate compliance program
and address and resolve all pre-existing compliance matters."

According to documents posted on the California Department of Insurance's Web
site, the department received written complaints between February and December
2005 "from persons concerned about illegal rebating activities implemented and
conducted by First American."

On June 1, 2003, First American agreed to payFrontier Homes LLC, a builder, $100
for each closed First American title insurance order from homebuyers referred by
Frontier in Riverside, San Bernardino and Los Angeles counties, according to the
case documents. Between July 21, 2003 and Aug. 3, 2006, First American made 15
payments to Frontier Homes for a total of $106,000, according to the documents.

In addition, First American employees sought reimbursement for $265,490 worth of
gifts, meals, event tickets and other inducements to builders and other real
estate professionals, the documents show.

714-796-6045 or  agalvin@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 July 25, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Atlanta Games;
Day 7;
City;
Swimming;
Men's 50 Freestyle;
Furious sprint will end trash talk

BYLINE: Karen Rosen; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS OLYMPICS; Pg. 11S

LENGTH: 366 words


Gary Hall Jr. and Alexander Popov are swimming's equivalent of drag racers with
engines revving inside their bodies. They also have the attitude of boxers,
talking trash even while sitting side by side.

Today they'll race the length of the pool in the 50-meter freestyle, a dash Hall
calls 22 seconds of "controlled chaos."

Breathing is minimal, in the pool as well as the stands.
"Anything can happen," said Hall. "One false move and you're dead."

This is Hall's chance to pick off Russia's Popov, the defending Olympic champion
whom he has never beaten.

On Monday, Popov won the 100 by the slimmest of margins, but Hall, who has a
superior start and finish, is favored in the race that determines the fastest
swimmer in the world. In anchoring the winning men's 400-meter freestyle relay
Tuesday, Hall's first 50 was 21.87 seconds, which is close to the world record.

"I don't dislike the guy at all," said Hall, "but once I step up on the blocks,
it's a different story. You have to be, in a sense, enemies. Once you touch the
wall, you shake hands and hopefully you're out that night buying the guy a
beer."

Well, maybe after the Olympics.
NBC commentator Rowdy Gaines is picking Hall to win.

"He's just swimming too good and has a great start," said Gaines, the 100-meter
champion in 1984. "If I'd said this two days ago, I would have been going out on
a limb."

Popov's start is not as good as Hall's.

"Gary has great reaction time," said Gaines. "He's got the blood, man. It's
inbred in him."

Hall's father, Gary Hall, was a three-time swimming Olympian, but Gary Jr.'s
gold medal is the family's first.

His grandfather, Charles Keating Jr., from whom he inherited his height, was
also a top swimmer. He is watching the Olympics from prison, where he is serving
time because of his role in the Lincoln Federal Savings and Loan scandal.

Hall said his strategy for the 50 is "not to overthink it. I'm just going to be
myself, and that's always seemed to work best for me. I'll try to get the energy
systems ready to explode when I reach the blocks."

At top speed, Hall said, "There is a feeling where you actually lift on top of
the water."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story was archived from the Metro Edition of The Atlanta
Constitution.

GRAPHIC: Photo: ALEXANDER POPOV (left) beat Gary Hall Jr. in the 100-meter
 freestyle Monday. / DAVID TULIS / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 2, 1989, Saturday, City Edition

Martinez defends HRS chief // Governor not concerned about consultant's job

BYLINE: DIANE RADO; JEFFREY GOOD

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 827 words



Gov. Bob Martinez said Friday that he's not concerned that a    controversial
computer consultant unwelcome in Florida two years ago is    now working for a
company that does business with the state's largest    agency.

        "I don't know of any wrongdoing," Martinez said about    consultant
Alfred J. DiBernardo's work for a company that does millions    of dollars of
business a year with the state Department of Health and    Rehabilitative
Services (HRS).

        The governor's staff told HRS Secretary Gregory Coler two years    ago
to avoid doing business with DiBernardo, a longtime friend of the    secretary.

        The instructions came after Florida officials learned that    Coler's
previous business dealings with DiBernardo in Illinois had    caused controversy
that led to police investigations. Illinois    officials found no evidence of
wrongdoing, but Martinez's staff thought    it best to caution Coler when he
took over HRS in 1987.

        Two years later, DiBernardo has moved to Florida and is doing
consulting work for the Unisys Corp., which provides HRS with its main
computer system. His work has put him in direct contact with officials    and
projects at HRS, according to company and agency officials. He and    Coler have
also remained close friends.

        Martinez said he was unaware of DiBernardo's work in Florida    until a
St. Petersburg Times story appeared Friday detailing the    consulting
arrangement.

        "So long as there's no wrongdoing . . . no collusion, we can't
control a private company as to who they hire," Martinez said.

     The governor's chief of operations, Brian Ballard, said Coler    notified
him a few months ago about DiBernardo's work with Unisys. He    said he didn't
become concerned because Coler had not hired DiBernardo    at HRS or given him
any contracts.

        Also, Unisys did not appear to gain anything unusual from the
DiBernardo relationship and, in fact, lost a major, $ 100-million    computer
contract with HRS after DiBernardo came on board, Ballard    said.

        The governor spoke to Ballard Friday about the $ 100-million    contract
and wanted to make sure "no special favors were done for this    fellow
(DiBernardo)," Ballard said.

        The governor also determined that, for now, no further    investigation
is necessary. "Basically, he didn't think anything    deserved looking into if
the facts presented were true," Ballard said.

        In other developments Friday:            - Coler and Tallahassee lawyer
Fred Baggett confirmed that in    late 1986 DiBernardo worked to help Coler get
the job as HRS secretary.

 From his office in New York, DiBernardo contacted friends in Florida,    wrote
letters and sent Coler's resume to Baggett, a friend and college    fraternity
brother. Baggett passed the resume to officials working on    the HRS
appointment. Coler took over as secretary at the beginning of    1987.

         - Coler said he has helped DiBernardo get business in Florida    that
was unrelated to HRS. At one point, Coler said, he introduced    DiBernardo to a
company official with Knight Energy Services Inc. in    Boca Raton who later
gave DiBernardo a small consulting job.

         - DiBernardo's troubles continued to mount in Albany, N.Y.,    where he
ran a company called Data Management Associates of New York.

 The company collapsed, and its assets were seized by Citibank of New    York.
Now, city officials in Albany are angry and considering court    action because
they contend Data Management never finished a $ 600,000    computer job at the
city police department.

        "Ninety percent of the system doesn't work, and some of it    isn't
there," said James Bertini, an Albany city attorney. The city    had already
paid Data Management $ 540,000 toward the project, he said.

         - Another former employee of Data Management, Robert Palm, has    been
doing consulting work at HRS, state records show. He is now    associated with a
Washington, D.C., organization called Child Welfare    League of America Inc.
            - FBI officials in Springfield, Ill., refused to reveal the
status of their investigation of Coler. The FBI confirmed in 1987 that    it was
investigating Coler, reportedly for state contracts awarded to    DiBernardo
when Coler ran an Illinois human services agency. Now, the    FBI's policy is to
make no statements on whether the case is open or    closed, said spokesman Bob
Grooms.

     DeBernardo was not at his office Friday in Miami and did not return    a
reporter's phone call to his home.



 - Staff writer Jeffrey Good contributed to this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Gregory Coler

                            Times Publishing Company


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 10, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Goldman fined by UK regulator

BYLINE: Lindsay Fortado London

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 233 words


Goldman Sachs Group, which agreed to pay $US550 million ($598 million) in July
to settle a US regulator's fraud lawsuit, will pay a separate fine to the UK's
Financial Services Authority.

The UK regulator found that Goldman Sachs failed to notify it about the US
Securities and Exchange Commission's investigation of the New York-based firm's
Abacus transaction and of employee Fabrice Tourre's role in it. The penalty,
less than Â£20 million ($33.6 million), has not yet been made public.

The SEC sued Goldman Sachs and Mr Tourre in April over claims they misled
investors in collateralised debt obligations linked to sub-prime mortgages. Mr
Tourre, the only Goldman Sachs executive sued individually, remains a defendant
in the case after the firm settled. He has denied any wrongdoing.

Goldman Sachs created and sold the CDOs in 2007, as the US housing market
faltered, without disclosing that hedge fund Paulson & Co helped pick the
underlying securities and bet against the investment vehicles, the SEC said in
an April lawsuit. CDOs are pools of assets, such as mortgage bonds, packed into
new securities.

The settlement included a $US300 million fine and $US250 million in restitution
for investors. The penalty is the largest ever levied by the SEC against a Wall
Street firm. Goldman Sachs, without admitting or denying any wrongdoing,
acknowledged it had made a "mistake", the SEC said.

Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              March 8, 2010 Monday

FBI investigates school webcam spying claims

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 425 words


PHILADELPHIA - Two information-technology workers at a suburban Philadelphia
school district that secretly activated webcams on students' school-issued
laptops are on paid leave amid an FBI wiretap investigation.

Lower Merion School District officials insist the move is not meant to suggest
wrongdoing by the veteran employees. They have said the webcams were only
activated to find missing laptops, and not for any rogue purpose.

"Placing them on administrative leave with pay is not a reflection of any
wrongdoing on their part. It is a standard, prudent step in an investigation
such as this one," the district said in a statement, confirming a Philadelphia
Inquirer report.

Technician Michael Perbix and systems coordinator Carol Cafiero were put on
administrative leave two weeks ago, after a student's lawsuit revealed the
district practice of taking webcam photos and screen shots when laptops are
reported lost or stolen.

The district admits it remotely activated 42 webcams in the last 14 months,
successfully locating 18 of the computers. School officials have declined to
describe the resulting photographs, or say if any were taken inside student
homes. The district has halted the practice amid the lawsuit and both state and
federal criminal probes.

In the civil suit, Harriton High School student Blake Robbins accuses school
officials of invading his privacy by photographing him in his bedroom without
permission. A vice principal later approached him, he said, and warned that
school officials - based on webcam photos in their possession - suspected him of
selling drugs.

Robbins denies the drug allegation. He claims Vice Principal Lindy Matsko
mistook the Mike & Ike candies he enjoys for illicit pills.

"Ms. Matsko does not deny that she saw a web-cam picture and screenshot of me in
my home," the 15-year-old Robbins said in a statement he read last month outside
his family's home. "She only denies that she is the one who activated the web
cam."

Hours earlier, an infuriated Matsko read her own statement aloud at her lawyer's
office. She insisted that she never monitored students through the webcams or
authorised anyone else to do so.

She stopped short, though, of addressing whether she saw the webcam photos of
Robbins or spoke to him about suspected drug use.

Robbins' lawyer hopes to have the suit certified as a class-action suit, but
nearly 500 district parents have joined a group formed to fight such a move.

They are angry about the webcam fiasco, but also concerned about the financial
impact of a large class-action award.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 2, 2009 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

FBI examines spending by Md. nonprofit

BYLINE: Miranda S. Spivack

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 679 words


The FBI is looking into the spending practices at Centro Familia, a Wheaton
nonprofit group that runs a bilingual preschool, trains day-care providers and
receives about $450,000 annually in contracts from Montgomery County, the
organization's executive director has acknowledged.

A bureau agent visited the organization's office last week and interviewed at
least one of its staff members. Centro Familia, which is well-connected in
Montgomery political circles, has also been under scrutiny by the county's
independent inspector general and the county's health and human services
department. FBI Special Agent Richard Wolf of the  Baltimore field office said
he could not comment.

Pilar Torres, Centro Familia's executive director, said an FBI agent visited her
office last week. She denied any wrongdoing and said the organization had not
misused funds.

Torres said, "There has absolutely been no wrongdoing" by her agency.

She said the investigations are "a witch hunt based on innuendo. . . . It is a
strong abuse of power by county officials."

Centro Familia has an annual budget of about $700,000, about half coming from
county government. The health and human services department has been conducting
its own examination of Centro Familia's financial records, after reports by
Montgomery's Inspector General Thomas J. Dagley that the nonprofit group was
unable to document expenditures of about $900,000 over a two-year period.

Earlier this year, Dagley reported that his office found irregularities by the
county and Centro Familia in billing practices and payments for fiscal 2007 and
2008 and that  a portion of funds paid to Centro Familia was under review.

He said that further analysis during March and April "verified the conditions"
and that the organization's spending practices were "susceptible to abuse."
Centro Familia has said the disputed amount is closer to $61,000 and has been
supplying documents to the health and human services department to explain its
spending as the inspector general's office continues its review.

Uma Ahluwalia, director of health and human services, has said that Centro
Familia did not provide sufficient documentation for its spending and in some
instances overcharged the county for personnel expenses and fringe benefits,
rent and other costs. The county withheld about $20,000 last summer. In August,
however, health and human services officials renewed $450,000 in contracts with
Centro Familia while the reviews continued.

In a letter to county officials last summer, Torres and Centro Familia's board
chairman, David H. Anderson, accused the county government of "an appearance of
discrimination based on ethnic or national origin." The letter said that Centro
Familia was owed "significant monies" by the county and that the investigations
"create an aura of conspiracy and malfeasance that is defamatory."

Centro Familia has strong ties to county politics. The organization's accountant
is Larry Rosenblum, campaign treasurer for County Executive Isiah Leggett (D)
and treasurer of Friends of Ike Leggett, a political fundraising committee.
Board members include Lillian Cruz, an aide to Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.);
Del. Anne R. Kaiser (D-Montgomery); and Theresa Cameron, former head of
Montgomery's arts council.

Council member Valerie Ervin (D-Silver Spring), who heads the council's
Education Committee, said "clearly, the inspector general found evidence that
was important enough that the FBI decided to investigate." She said she was
"pleased that the inspector general had stayed the course" despite questions
about the office's investigations from some in the nonprofit sector and from
some on the council.

Council member Nancy Navarro (D-Eastern County), who co-founded Centro Familia
with Torres but broke off from the group several years ago when she ran for the
school board, said the FBI probe "is a bit shocking" and "a sad day. . . . It's
a big concern."

George L. Leventhal (D-At Large), head of the council's Human Services
Committee, said he was reserving judgment. "The FBI ought to be allowed to do
its job."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 27, 2000 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Grand jury rules hanging in Otoe County jail was suicide

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 124 words


OMAHA (AP) -- A grand jury has ruled a Palmyra man hanged himself in the Otoe
County jail, and there was no wrongdoing on the part of the county.

The case of Richard Haman, 39, was one of six deaths in county jails in Nebraska
during the second half of 1999.

Haman was awaiting a court appearance for assault and another for sentencing on
an unrelated felony count of receiving stolen proper ty.

The grand jury met for seven hours Friday and found no wrongdoing on the part of
the county in the Nov. 29 death. That finding was released Tuesday by District
Judge Randall Rehmeier of Nebraska City.

Johnson County Attorney Steven Mercure was special prosecutor.

State law requires a grand jury probe when someone dies while in law enforcement
custody.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                October 9, 2006

HP scandal puts spotlight on P.I. investigations

BYLINE: Reni Gertner

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1331  words


With the Hewlett-Packard scandal putting the possible risks of private
investigation on the radar screen, management lawyers are advising clients about
what they should - and should not - do when they want to investigate an
employee.

HP is under scrutiny for cracking down on suspected board member leaks of
private company information by hiring a third party investigator. At issue is
the investigation company's use of a practice known as "pretexting" - which
involves posing as someone else - to obtain board members' and journalists'
phone records.

But according to management attorneys, the recent scandal should cause employers
to reevaluate what kinds of private investigation they can do - not just of
board members, but of current employees suspected of wrongdoing.

Currently, twelve states have laws barring the use of pretexting to obtain phone
records: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland,
Michigan, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington. (The
California law was signed last week and goes into effect Jan. 1.)

Making pretexting illegal is also on the federal legislative agenda. In
September, a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee held hearings on the issue,
focusing on pending legislation that would allow the Federal Trade Commission to
seek civil penalties against companies that obtain personal information under
false pretenses - and scolding HP executives who testified.

Given all of this, it's generally agreed that allowing private investigators to
engage in pretexting is a mistake, regardless of state or federal law - but
there are other techniques employers can use.

"A prudent employer should prohibit the use of pretexting by a third party or
itself," said Lisa Cassilly, a management attorney with Alston & Bird in Atlanta
who focuses on privacy. But "in most jurisdictions there really are fewer limits
than the average citizen might believe exist on an employer's right to make an
inquiry. "

There are a wide range of circumstances under which an employer might want to
investigate an employee, including suspected sexual harassment, embezzlement,
lying about a workers' comp injury, leaking of trade secrets, employee theft or
fraud and noncompete violations.

Legally, employers can use private investigators to:

* Conduct surveillance of employees.

* Track e-mails and other activity on work computers or laptops.

* Obtain consumer reports, including credit histories, criminal background and
other information, if the proper disclosures have been made.

The key to doing this without getting into trouble is to know what you can do
without informing the employee, and what types of investigation require consent.

And, noted Joseph Sanscrainte, a telecommunications and privacy attorney with
Bryan Cave in New York, "companies can't rely on the entity providing the
investigative service to give them correct and up-to-date legal advice. "

Suspected misconduct

In 2003, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act (FACTA), which amended the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), clarified that an employer who suspects
employee misconduct or wrongdoing may use the services of an outside agency to
conduct an investigation without giving advance notice to the employee.

Until that point, said Cassilly, it was unclear whether private investigators
were "agencies" covered by the FCRA.

But certain activities, such as running employees' credit histories or
performing criminal background checks, still require authorization from the
employee under the Fair Credit Act, said Jason Rosenberg, an attorney with Moran
Kiker Brown in Richmond, Va.

Further, state privacy laws can limit how far an investigation can go, and the
federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which is intended to protect personal financial
information, makes it difficult to obtain an employee's bank records.

As a result, Sanscrainte recommends applying for a subpoena or search warrant if
such information is needed to complete an investigation.

Some guidelines

Give these constraints, here are some suggestions on how employerscan use
private investigators without running afoul of the law:

* Be clear on what can be investigated.

Surveillance is generally permissible if "the information you're getting is
publicly available," said William Hannum, a partner with Schwartz Hannum in
Andover, Mass.

For example, "if an employee is suspected of dealing drugs on your premises or
stealing, investigators can come in and conduct surveillance without triggering
Fair Credit Act responsibility," said Cassilly.

Surveillance outside the workplace can also be okay.

If a workers' comp claimant "is out there playing softball and they videotape
him, that's permissible," Cassilly said.

Hannum said his clients have interviewed friends or neighbors to ascertain an
employee's condition.

However, there are limits. For example, said Sanscrainte, many states have laws
"geared towards making sure people aren't being videotaped in the locker room or
bathroom. "

Work computers and servers are fair game.

"There are all kinds of readily available, fairly inexpensive monitoring
software that allow you to track whether secure documents are being sent outside
the company," Cassilly said.

Sanscrainte said that some types of software can be installed by e-mail, and
then "if that employee forwards a certain sensitive e-mail message," his or her
computer will indicate that to the employer.

If in the course of this periodic monitoring the employer finds personal
financial information, Cassilly said it doesn't really have the right to use it
against the employee.

And monitoring a home computer is problematic, even if it is sometimes used for
work purposes.

"A personal home computer strikes me as dangerous territory," said Hannum.

* Make proper disclosures in advance.

When employers make the proper disclosures in advance, it's much easier to
conduct a complete investigation.

For example, to facilitate possible future investigations, an employer might
want to have all employees sign a document authorizing it to obtain a consumer
report at any time during their tenure.

"The disclosure must clearly state that the authorization is intended to cover
both the application for employment and, if the consumer is hired, any
additional consumer reports obtained while the individual is an employee,"
Rosenberg said.

Hannum agreed.

"We advise clients to go with as broad a disclosure as possible because you
don't know what you're going to want later on," he said.

If the proper disclosure wasn't signed at the time of hire, an employer might
want to get an authorization for the employer to obtain a consumer report as a
condition of continued employment, Rosenberg said, citing a recent unpublished
decision from the 3rd Circuit. (Kelchner v. Sycamore Manor Health Center, 135
Fed. Appx. 499 (2005).)

It also important to make clear employees' work computers are subject to search.

"The employer should have a policy that puts people on notice that they don't
have an expectation of privacy in the employer's server, Internet or e-mail
connection," Cassilly said.

* Monitor the investigating firm carefully.

Sanscrainte said companies can get themselves into trouble if they don't monitor
the activities of third party investigators carefully.

"Let's say the outside investigator takes an employee's Social Security number
and runs with it," he said. "It might be difficult for the employer to argue
that it didn't know what they were going to do with it. "

Cassilly agreed. "Because they are acting on the employer's behalf, if the
investigator steps beyond the law, the employer could be liable. "

She recommended including language in the hiring agreement making clear the
investigator's activities must comply with state and federal law.

"You don't necessarily need to say, 'We prohibit you from engaging in
pretexting. ' You could have more expansive language which indicates that the
third party acknowledges that any acts undertaken with that investigation must
comply with the law," she suggested.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Abuse Allegations Taint Post-Rio Glow for U.S. Gymnastics

BYLINE: By JULIET MACUR.

Email: juliet@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1034 words


Considering how many medals U.S.A. Gymnastics brought home from the Rio Games --
an amazing 12, including Simone Biles's three individual golds and the women's
team gold -- the federation's post-Olympics glow should be brighter than ever.

A 36-city tour starring Biles and other standouts is starting Thursday in
Spokane, Wash. A rush of money is pouring into the sport. After every Summer
Games, gyms typically see a bump in enrollment because kids, including my
4-year-old, watched the Olympics and want to do what their new heroes do.

It's usually a happy time. But this year is anything but usual: Reports of
sexual abuse in the sport, published before and since the Games, are reminders
that gymnastics is not solid gold.

The first report, published in August by The Indianapolis Star, revealed that
U.S.A. Gymnastics had kept files of complaints involving more than 50 coaches
suspected of abusing athletes, yet in many cases failed to alert law enforcement
of possible wrongdoing.

A second report by The Star, published Monday, said two women claimed that Larry
Nassar, a longtime team doctor for U.S.A. Gymnastics, sexually abused them. One
of the women filed a police complaint against Nassar, who, through his lawyer,
denied any wrongdoing. The other woman, a medalist on the 2000 Olympic team,
filed a civil lawsuit against Nassar that included U.S.A. Gymnastics as a
defendant.

The lawsuit claimed that the federation, which oversees the sport in the United
States and sets rules and policies for athletes and coaches, buried complaints
about Nassar and failed to adequately supervise him. In the court filing, the
Olympian said she was 12 or 13 when Nassar began molesting her and that he did
so, fondling and groping her, until she was 18.

This battery of accusations against U.S.A. Gymnastics has turned a post-Olympic
glow into something more of a haze. The federation has so much to address and to
clarify, but in the short term that is not happening: U.S.A. Gymnastics
officials did not immediately respond Tuesday to a request for an interview
regarding the federation's sexual abuse prevention policies and what, if
anything, it plans to do to improve them. Instead, they released a lawyerly
statement restating their commitment to the policies they have in place, and a
pledge to continue their effort to review them.

Gymnastics, like many sports, has its dark corners and shadows, places where
devious coaches can lurk and children can pay the price. So whatever U.S.A.
Gymnastics does to keep its athletes safe -- educating parents, setting policies
to screen coaches, compiling public lists of coaches who are barred because of
findings of sexual abuse -- it will never be enough.

Within U.S.A. Gymnastics' giant pool of 3,000 member gyms there will always be a
chance for aberrant behavior, just as in society. And the sad fact is there will
always be victims who are too scared or embarrassed to come forward.

But when abuse accusations come at such a fast pace, the federation should at
least stand up to say something to the girls and boys who participate in the
sport, and the parents of those children. Tell them that U.S.A. Gymnastics is
watching over them and doing everything it can to make things better. Tell them
that the federation cares about its members.

Yes, there are lawsuits to deal with now, and words must be chosen carefully.
But there is a time and a place to be a vocal leader on this scary yet important
topic. It might not fit in with the sport's post-Olympics marketing push, but
for U.S.A. Gymnastics, that time is now. It's crucial that parents and athletes
are aware of the sport's problems, so they can protect themselves.

Some gym owners aren't waiting for guidance or inspiration to do the right
thing. They already consider it their responsibility to protect the kids who
walk through their front doors.

Mihai Brestyan, coach of the three-time Olympic gold medalist Aly Raisman, runs
Brestyan's American Gymnastics Club in Burlington, Mass. A veteran of 40 years
in coaching, he acknowledged that U.S.A. Gymnastics can do only so much to
police -- and prevent -- sexual abuse.

''Whatever the U.S.A. Gymnastics policies are -- they have courses and lots of
information -- they can't protect everyone, because some gym owners don't
respect the rules,'' Brestyan said. ''U.S.A. Gymnastics can't check everyone.
It's just not possible.''

Brestyan, who owns a gym with his wife, Silvia, forbids anyone but athletes --
even parents -- from entering his gym's locker rooms. No coach is allowed to be
alone with an athlete at any time.

There are 14 coaches at Brestyan's gym, including three men, and Brestyan says
he is vigilant about looking for signs of inappropriate contact between coaches
and athletes. Maybe a coach is hugging an athlete too much. Or adjusting her
leotard. Or making unnecessary hands-on corrections.

Still, he said, ''There are some sick people who are hiding the bad things they
do very well.''

Like Marvin Sharp, U.S.A. Gymnastics' 2010 coach of the year. Sharp, an elite
coach who owned an Indianapolis gym only 15 miles from the headquarters of
U.S.A. Gymnastics, was arrested last year on charges of child molestation and
child pornography.

U.S.A. Gymnastics has been said to have had a file on Sharp, receiving a
detailed accusation against him in 2011, but it did not report him to the police
until four years later. The official case against Sharp began with complaints
that he was taking inappropriate photos of children in the studio in his gym. A
few months later, he killed himself in his jail cell.

Sharp was stopped, far too late, but what about the next coach? Alerting U.S.A.
Gymnastics has not always guaranteed action: A file tucked away in the
federation's offices won't do much to stop a predator. How can a federation
conduct a proper investigation anyway, when its main goal is to run and promote
its sport -- not to point out its flaws?

For Brestyan, there is a better step, a simpler step, at the first sign of
trouble.

''Go first to the police station,'' he said. ''Go directly to the child abuse
department, to the police there and say: 'Look, this is what happened. What
should I do?'''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/14/sports/olympics/sexual-abuse-charges-put-shado
w-on-us-gymnastics-federation.html

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 23, 2011 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Lawmakers criticize MTA about oversight of its director

BYLINE: ERIC RUSSELL BDN STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1516 words


AUGUSTA -- Board members for the Maine Turnpike Authority failed in their
responsibility to hold the agency's former director accountable even if they had
no knowledge of any financial wrongdoing, according to lawmakers.

The authority, which oversees more than 100 miles of turnpike in Maine and
collects $100 million annually in tolls, has been under fire over the alleged
actions of Paul Violette, the agency's director from 1988 through May of this
year.

A civil lawsuit filed by the authority earlier this week demands that Violette
repay $450,000 in misappropriated public funds. More specifically, Violette is
suspected of purchasing more than $185,000 in gift cards with Maine Turnpike
Authority money and then using those cards largely for personal enjoyment.

On several occasions, Violette reportedly stayed in lavish hotels such as the
Chateau Frontenac in Quebec City and dined at expensive restaurants such as Fore
Street in Portland on nonauthority business.

He also is accused of racking up more than $140,000 in credit card charges for
personal use that he never paid back and for receiving approximately $185,000 in
vacation and sick days that he was not entitled to.

Many -- including several key lawmakers -- have wondered how Violette seemingly
was able to defraud the agency for so long without any board member having
knowledge of wrongdoing.

"The board members who were in office at the time really fell down on their
fiduciary obligation to the organization and to the public," said Sen. Roger
Katz, R-Augusta, co-chairman of the Legislature's Government Oversight
Committee, which has probed allegations against Violette.

Rep. Donald Pilon, D-Saco, a member of the same committee, said the board simply
failed to carry out its own policies to ensure that Violette and the agency were
held accountable.

"They never even reviewed [Violette's] expense account," Pilon said. "I think,
had someone been watching the farm, there would have been some red flags."

Lucien Gosselin of Lewiston, an authority board member for the last 14 years,
agreed that he and others probably could have done more, but he also maintained
that there was never a reason to suspect anything.

"I think this falls under the category of hindsight being 20-20," Gosselin said
Thursday. "The board operated in a position of trust. We had no reason to
suspect [Violette] was being dishonest."

Questions remain

The allegations against Violette only came to light earlier this year after Sen.
Dawn Hill, D-York, asked for an investigation when residents in her district
complained about the possible replacement of a turnpike tollbooth.

Hill said her biggest problem was the arrogance shown by Violette and other MTA
staff members. As a member of the Government Oversight Committee, Hill asked the
Office of Program Evaluation & Government Accountability -- essentially the
Legislature's investigative office -- to look into the turnpike authority.

The result was a lengthy investigation, which led to a report, which led to a
forensic audit, which led to Violette stepping down, which led to the lawsuit.

That lawsuit, filed this week in Cumberland County Superior Court, aims to
recoup approximately $450,000 from Violette. Although it contains painstaking
details about how much money was spent and where it was spent, the suit does not
name anyone besides Violette.

Based on the amount of money believed to have been spent, though, could there
have been others who benefited from Violette's alleged indiscretions? Could
there have been others who knew what was going on? Is it possible that Violette
simply was using the authority's credit cards to live the high life?

Violette still has not commented publicly on any of the allegations against him.
His attorney, Peter DeTroy of Portland, said Thursday that he could not comment
on the case against his client or whether anyone else might have known about the
alleged conduct.

"Certainly, those are good questions to be asking," he said.

Gosselin, however, said board members had no way of knowing that Violette was
misleading them.

Every month or so, the seven board members of the Maine Turnpike Authority
receive a packet of information updating them on the affairs of the quasi-state
agency. That is followed by a board meeting during which they meet with the
authority's executive director to go over that packet of information and ask
questions.

In that sense, the turnpike authority board is not unlike many other boards,
committees and commissions: As long as things are going well, there is no reason
to ask tough questions.

Sen. Hill said she has served on boards before and understands how the MTA board
members could have been misled by Violette. Still, even if they didn't know it
was happening, board members and staff members likely benefited from Violette's
cavalier spending. If board members -- or lobbyists, or possibly contractors --
stayed at the same hotels or dined at the same restaurants as Violette and let
him pick up the tab, some might argue that they were complicit.

Sen. Katz said board members were asked about their involvement during
Government Oversight Committee hearings and all denied knowledge of Violette's
suspected conduct.

"We had no direct evidence of anyone's involvement other than [Violette] and we
have to trust the board members who have said they didn't know anything," Katz
said. "But there were records that we were not able to get access to."

A flawed system

Most agree that the biggest problem that led to Violette's alleged indiscretions
was a lack of internal auditing.

Procedurally, Gosselin said the authority closely monitored all expenses or
invoices over $40,000. Any transactions under $40,000 were chosen randomly. For
an agency that logs more than 200,000 transactions every year, there was no way
to sift through every single one of them for suspicion of impropriety.

Since Violette resigned in May, the Maine Turnpike Authority has been steered in
a new direction that attempts to remedy the insufficient oversight.

Current interim Director Peter Mills, a longtime former lawmaker, said in a lot
of ways, the turnpike authority is similar to a large bank in terms of the
amount of transactions that it oversees.

Under Mills' leadership, the authority is now going to be run like a bank.

There is now a compliance auditor on retainer that reports directly to the
board, not the director. Similarly, the chief financial officer will report to
the board, not the director. The number of credit cards authorized by the agency
has been reduced from 50 to 15.

Mills said it's important for the public to understand that the amount of money
misappropriated equals about one-twentieth of 1 percent of the total Maine
Turnpike Authority budget. That doesn't mean it's not important, Mills said, it
just means it was hard for an auditor to track.

In that sense, Violette was smart to allegedly siphon away small amounts over
the course of several years in order to avoid attracting the attention of an
auditor.

"Maine is fortunate that it can run on trust as much as it does," he said. "I
think this is an anomaly."

Dan Wathen, the current chairman, was named to the board after Violette stepped
down, so he couldn't speak to the allegations against the former chairman.

"There is still a lot work to be done, but people shouldn't forget that, as a
basic operation, this is a well-run agency," he said.

Moving forward

Sen. Katz said as far as he's concerned the role of the Government Oversight
Committee in the turnpike authority probe is largely complete.

But that doesn't mean more information might not still be hanging out there.

In addition to that lawsuit, the state Attorney General's Office is
investigating the claims against Violette for possible criminal prosecution. All
documents associated with that investigation, including the forensic audit, are
sealed and confidential per state statute outlined by the Attorney General's
Office.

Whether or not any other names will surface in connection to Violette, many
lawmakers still think the authority's board dropped the ball.

"If I had been on the board during the time, I would not be proud of my work,"
said Katz.

Pilon said, if nothing else, now might be a good time for some members of the
turnpike authority board to step down to allow some new blood in.

Gosselin said he likely will not remain on the board but is confident in the
direction the authority is headed, despite the black eye left by Violette.

"The agency is going to come out better and stronger and more transparent,"
Gosselin said. "But it may be some time before we can regain the public's
trust."

Wathen, who like Mills was brought in specifically to help clean up the mess,
agreed that the authority needs to build trust again.

The fallout could leave lawmakers with additional, broader questions: Will the
turnpike authority mess lead to more scrutiny of other quasi-government agencies
such as the Maine Housing Authority? Will the Government Oversight Committee ask
OPEGA to conduct additional reviews?

"I think this should at least cause those other quasi-government agencies to sit
up and take notice," Hill said.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                               November 20, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Trump settles fraud suit brought by 'his' students â[#x20ac][#x2039]

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 442 words


Donald Trump agreed on Friday to pay $25â[#x20ac]...million (R362m) to settle
fraud lawsuits over his Trump University real estate seminars, in what New
York's attorney-general called a "stunning reversal" for the US president-elect.

The lawsuits had dogged Trump, who denied any wrongdoing during his campaign.

They led to one of the more controversial moments of his run, claiming the judge
overseeing two of the cases was biased because of his Mexican ancestry.

New York Attorney-General Eric Schneiderman announced the settlement, saying it
followed repeated refusals by Trump "to settle for even modest amounts of
compensation for the victims of his phoney university".

Trump's lawyers had argued against students, who claimed they were lured by
false promises into paying up to $35â[#x20ac]...000 to learn Trump's real estate
investing "secrets" from his "hand-picked" instructors.

Three lawsuits relating to Trump University will be covered by the deal: two
class-actions suits in California and a New York case brought by Schneiderman.
US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel must still approve the settlement in San Diego.

Trump won't admit any wrongdoing under the agreement. His attorney, Daniel
Petrocelli, acknowledged Trump had previously vowed to fight the case.

The settlement demonstrated Trump's desire to set his personal feelings aside in
order to work on issues facing the country, Petrocelli said.

"President-elect Trump has laser focus on moving forward. It's time to move on,"
Petrocelli said on Friday.

Schneiderman and attorneys for the students praised the deal.

"Today's $25m settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Donald Trump and a
major victory for the over 6â[#x20ac]...000 victims of his fraudulent
university," Schneiderman said in a statement.

At a court hearing on Friday, students' attorney Jason Forge said that out of
the $25m proposed settlement, $4m will be earmarked for students represented by
Schneiderman who were not part of the California class actions, including
administrative costs. Class-action lawyers for the students will not seek
attorney's fees, but reimbursement for costs, he said.

Curiel, who is presiding over the two California cases, had urged both sides to
settle.

Trump said during his election campaign that Curiel, born in Indiana to Mexican
immigrant parents, could not be impartial because of Trump's campaign pledge to
build a wall on the US-Mexico border to control illegal immigration.

In court on Friday, Trump â[#x20ac]¨lawyer Petrocelli praised Curiel for his
hard work on the case.

Curiel said he hoped the settlement could be part of a healing process after the
US election, which "this country very sorely needs". - Reuters

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

Of NIMBY, canines and apologies

BYLINE: JOHN LAIRD, Columbian editorial staff

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 708 words


Notes, quotes and anecdotes while wondering if the people who insist
former President Bush
aide Scott McClellan is lying about wrongdoings in Bush's administration are
the same people who insist former
President Clinton
aide Dick Morris is telling the truth about wrongdoings in Clinton's
administration:

In defense of my back yard - Some of us love NASCAR, but we don't want a NASCAR
track built in Clark County. Are we driven by a NIMBY attitude? You betcha!
Some of us use natural gas to heat our homes, and we'd like to see natural gas
brought to the Northwest more economically, but we don't want the beautiful
Columbia River estuary turned into a petrochemical patch with the approval of a
liquefied natural gas terminal at Bradwood Landing. Build it somewhere else.
Just a bunch of NIMBY nabobs? Darn right!
Some of us believe oil drilling should be expanded in many places - inland and
even offshore - but we think the Oregon and Washington coasts are the worst
places to pursue that goal. Narrow-mindedly NIMBY? Absolutely!
Tell me, please, how did NIMBY become a pejorative? What is wrong with
protecting your own back yard? If you don't take care of it, who will?
New technology yields new nicknames - As transportation engineers explore new
ways to move traffic more expeditiously, creative word merchants keep assigning
new labels to those efforts. Here are two examples that have popped up around
the state recently:
"Lexus Lanes" - According to The News Tribune in Tacoma, "More than 1,000 solo
drivers are now buying their way into the HOT lanes on Highway 167 on a typical
weekday commute" between Auburn and Renton. Whether you're rich or poor, you've
got to love this revenue-producing gimmick, which in effect is taxing the heck
out of the rich, but only on their own volition.
"Philanderers' Booth" - To keep embarrassing Tacoma Narrows Bridge toll data
from emerging in their divorce cases, some marital infidels who ordinarily use
their tolling transponders are choosing - on more illicit occasions - to use
the cash toll booth.
Expect the canine chorus only to grow - If any of you light-rail-lovin'
progressives out there think the Hounds of Whinerville are gonna roll over and
play dead just because light rail was recommended for the new Interstate 5
Bridge by a 37-2 vote at Tuesday night's Columbia River Crossing meeting, well,
you're in for a surprise.
Trust me, the Hounds are tenacious and leather-lunged. Don't expect them to
succumb quickly to logic or conventional wisdom. Indeed, never count them out
of any public decision. The Hounds are spiritually fortified by the mantra of
"Animal House" kingpin Bluto (John Belushi): "Over? Did you say 'over'? Nothing
is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl
Harbor? Hell no!"
In fact, I'll go so far as to make this prediction. As bridge plans continue to
unfold, the Hounds will brazenly find a way to somehow keep light rail out of
Clark County. Smarter minds, though, will prevail, and engineers will decide to
make the new bridge light-rail capable. Then, five years later, when gas hits
10 bucks a gallon and rush-hour traffic backs up to 179th Street, we'll finally
decide to extend light rail into Clark County, and we'll pay three times more
for it than we could have five years back.
And some smart-aleck columnist will snort: Why didn't we bring in light rail at
the right time, at the right cost?
Even Brenda Lee was never this sorry - Followers of the Vancouver City Council
are still snickering over rookie councilor Pat Campbell's apology last month at
the Metro Council meeting in Portland. Campbell whimpered before the Portland
pooh-bahs that, on behalf of the city of Vancouver, he was apologizing for the
crude comments of longtime Vancouver Mayor Royce Pollard.
This just in from my investigative aides: The Great Apologizer is feeling
energized by his mastery of remorse and might expand his service. Rumor has it
that, on behalf of Clark County, Campbell will apologize for Tonya Harding, and
on behalf of Washington state, he'll apologize for the Seattle Mariners.

John Laird is The Columbian's editorial page editor. His column of personal
opinion appears on the View page each Sunday. Reach him at
john.laird@columbian.com


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 8, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

If It Doesn't Play in Peoria ...

JUDY MANN

SECTION: METRO; PAGE E3; JUDY MANN

LENGTH: 737 words


The bad news for the Republicans is that Whitewater isn't even playing in Orange
County, Calif., the most conservative county in America.

On Monday, the Orange County Register published a poll that found that most
county residents think the controversy is "a Republican-fueled media frenzy
involving no more than minor wrongdoing by the White House," in the words of
reporter Gary A. Warner. All six members of Congress from Orange County are
Republicans, as are nine of its 10 representatives to the state legislature.
This is Republican territory, and it is giving Whitewater a big yawn.

The poll asked respondents whether they thought the Clintons and their staff
were guilty of serious wrongdoing, minor wrongdoing, or nothing. Fifty-eight
percent of the respondents said minor, 19 percent said serious, 12 percent said
nothing and 11 percent said they were not certain. These findings are almost
precisely the same as those in a national Washington Post-ABC poll, also taken
the last week of March, which found that 55 percent of the people thought
Clinton had done nothing illegal. In the Orange County Register poll, 57 percent
said they thought the amount of media coverage on Whitewater had been too great,
and 50 percent said they thought the story was "mostly about partisan politics."

"What everybody is discovering is that people get bored by constant repetition
of even an alleged scandal," says James MacGregor Burns, the Pulitzer
Prize-winning historian who is a visiting professor at the University of
Maryland. Whether it will do real damage depends on whether "the Republicans
could resurface this whole thing at election time," he says. "My guess is that
the congressional elections this fall will turn on many other issues [such as]
economics, foreign policy, the health plan," not whether voters think
Republicans overplayed Whitewater or Democrats mishandled it.

Although Burns has been closely allied with Democratic Party politics, he is not
buying the current party line that Republican attacks on Whitewater are part of
a Machiavellian scheme to scuttle health care reform. "I don't think they
operate that way," he says. "Here is something that has fallen into their laps.
The Clinton administration has made things worse and has helped them. I don't
think they connect it with health care or the elections. They are behaving just
the way an opposition party should. You seize whatever cudgel you can, at the
moment." The Republicans, he says, "are doing their standard stuff. The
Democrats would do the same thing."

What concerns Burns is that the White House and the Democratic Party have failed
to take steps to cut their losses in the congressional races this fall. The loss
of support for a president "in an off-year election is one of the most enduring
patterns in American politics," he says. In an article he wrote last fall, he
warned that Clinton probably could not reverse that trend and pick up support,
but that he might be able to mitigate the pattern by taking very early action to
help develop congressional candidates by inviting them to the White House and
helping them financially. To be effective, he argued, those efforts would have
to be done a year ahead of the elections.

The White House is only just beginning to think about this, says Burns. And
there is plenty to do: Democratic congressional candidates will be battered with
Whitewater questions, and the administration will need to help them.

He also suggests that the media have jumped in on "a half-baked story
prematurely."

Media consultant Nancy Woodhull, who runs a Rochester, N.Y.-based company,
agrees. But she thinks the media have been somewhat chastened by recent
criticism. She also says that Time magazine's recent cover that used an old
photo of a harried-looking Clinton "was a big embarrassment to the press."

"The press is not putting into context that power begets power," Woodhull says.
"Do we think that CEOs don't get tips from people on good deals? Or that the
publisher of a newspaper doesn't hang around with some pretty smart investment
people?"

With all the fuss about Whitewater from the Republicans and the media, a sense
of real scandal still hasn't caught on with the people. And yet the story
continues to be around. Why? "Is there anything else happening?" Woodhull said.

That may be the most incisive comment yet on why Whitewater hasn't folded into
history.


LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                               May 2, 2010 Sunday

Letter: Defending UTEP President Diana Natalicio's integrity, service

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 623 words


A strong, vibrant community-based newspaper, one that is dedicated to
excellence, has many of the characteristics of a fine educator: knowledgeable,
resourceful, encouraging, strong, and demanding. There have been times in the
history of the El Paso Times when it set a distinguished example of community
leadership.

On April 18, the El Paso Times carried a story headlined: "Inquiries: UTEP
President Diana Natalicio's travel expenses doubled from 2008 to 2009."

From the first paragraph, it was clear that the author was trying to be
sensationalist -- to create an expos?. It is as if the El Paso Times was trying
to sell papers by using headlines and introductory paragraphs that portend
wrongdoing or irresponsibility -- when it is clear (if one reads the entire
article and the attached documentation) that there has been absolutely no
wrongdoing.

We can only describe the article as disappointing.

From a global perspective, Diana Natalicio is among El Paso's best known and
most well-respected citizens. Her advice and counsel are sought by governmental,
philanthropic and business organizations across the country -- and, indeed,
around the world.

She is either on, or has been on, the boards of the Rockefeller Foundation,
Trinity Industries, Sandia Industries, Internet2, American Council on Education,
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering, the U.S.-Mexico
Foundation for Science, and the NASA Advisory Committee.

President George H.W. Bush appointed her to the Advisory Commission on
Educational Excellence for Hispanic Americans and President Bill Clinton
appointed her to the National Science Board. Few Americans -- much less El
Pasoans -- have such a distinguished list of affiliations.

President Natalicio's membership on these boards and commissions is not to bring
honor to her (although they certainly do); the point is that participation with
these organizations gives her access to individuals and organizations (public
and private) that can provide programmatic and/or financial benefits to UTEP and
to our community.

The increasing respect with which UTEP is held by government and industry is to
a large extent the direct result of these "ambassadorial" activities by
President Natalicio.

The question the El Paso Times should have asked President Natalicio is: Did you
spend enough on travel in 2009?

It is in a recessionary economic environment that the leader of an institution
such as UTEP should be the most visible. She must stay in touch with UTEP's
current financial supporters (in order to minimize any erosion in their
financial support), and she should be developing relationships with potential
new sources of financial support.

While we are concerned about the unprofessional treatment of President Natalicio
by the El Paso Times, our larger concern is the need for your newspaper to
become a far more constructive force in helping El Paso become a leading
American city.

We urge the El Paso Times to look at the qualities demonstrated every day by
Diana Natalicio -- leadership, humility, honesty, fairness, strength, and
community service -- and once more make those qualities the guiding principles
of your newspaper.

If you do so, the El Paso Times and the city of El Paso will grow and prosper
together.

Sincerely,

Sandra S. Almanzan; J. Robert Brown; Tom Cardenas; Jack Cardwell; Myrna J.
Deckert; Edward Escudero; Miguel A. Fernandez; Leonard A. Goodman; Michael E.
Guerra; Ruben E. Guerra; Joshua W. Hunt; Woody Hunt; Bob Hoy; Meyer D. Marcus;
Harriet May; Susan Melendez; Bert Mijares; A. Richard Moore; Carolyn Mora;
Robert Navarro; Jim R. Phillips; Jimmy Rogers Jr.; Jerry Rubin; Pablo Sanders;
William D. Sanders; Emma W. Schwartz; Jeff A. Stevens; Russell A. Vandenburg;
Robert V. Wingo

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Property and Casualty 360

                                October 26, 2010

Greenberg Denies Wrongdoing, Criticizes Judge's Decision

BYLINE: NU ONLINE NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS No. 10

LENGTH: 325  words


NU Online News Service, Oct. 26, 3:15 p.m. EDT

Maurice "Hank" Greenberg denied any wrongdoing and was roundly critical of a New
York State judge's decision finding the former American International Group
chief executive liable for a scheme to hide losses.

A statement issued by Mr. Greenberg's attorneys yesterday said that "he has
always rigorously denied participation in or knowledge of any wrongdoing
connected to a reinsurance transaction between AIG and Gen Re some 10 years
ago."

The attorneys said that over that period of time no one has ever come forward to
directly dispute Mr. Greenberg's assertions.

Last Thursday, New York State Supreme Court Judge Charles E. Ramos held Mr.
Greenberg liable for damages on a reinsurance contract that the state's attorney
general said helped AIG hide losses from 2001 to 2004. (

http://www.property-casualty.com/News/2010/10/Pages/NY-Judge-Holds-Greenberg-Lia
ble-For-Reinsurance-Scheme.aspx

)

The scheme, known as the Capco Transaction, allegedly hid more than $200 million
in losses from an auto warranty insurance program. The losses were part of a
restatement the company had to make for the years 2001 to 2004.

In their statement, the attorneys said, "The Capco Transaction, which has been
deemed impermissible by Justice Ramos on an entirely novel theory, was
structured and reviewed by at least 20 different attorneys at AIG. The evidence
conclusively establishes that Mr. Greenberg was specifically advised that the
form of the transaction would meet the requirements of all legal, regulatory and
tax laws. As any chief executive officer, Mr. Greenberg had a right to rely upon
this advice from his experts. Inexplicably, the opinion of Justice Ramos rejects
this fundamental principle of corporate governance.

"Mr. Greenberg is confident that his appeal will reestablish the standards
governing corporate executive reliance and responsibility and the
appropriateness of his conduct," the statement concluded.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Ethics scandals demand GOP response

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 513 words


Aug. 06--TERRE HAUTE -- The list of ethical breaches occurring in state
government has grown to a troubling length. Yet the consequences of each have
been slight. Minor fines, hand-wringing and head-scratching have been about all
that has resulted. True accountability has been lacking.

That must change. But change will only come with a steady dose of courageous
leadership from Indiana's top elected Republican officeholders. The question is,
do they have the will to do it?

The latest ethics case involved former Indiana Department of Transportation
chief of staff Troy Woodruff of Vincennes. Inspector General David Thomas
cleared Woodruff of any criminal wrongdoing in a series of land deals and a
bridge reconstruction involving the new Interstate 69 in southwestern Indiana.
Woodruff did leave the agency, and Thomas noted in his report that the official
could have avoided all of the investigations had he simply disclosed his
land-holding interests along the highway's route rather than attempting to hide
them.

The failure to disclose and be transparent with the public on issues that may
hint of conflicts of interest has been a recurring theme. It happened earlier
this year to GOP Rep. Eric Turner, who lobbied intensely against a nursing home
bill that would have cost his family business lots of money.

An investigation into his conduct revealed that he had not disclosed the true
extent of his interests in the family business.

And it was also part of former state school Superintendent Tony Bennett's ethics
case. His efforts to help a charter school whose owner was a large donor to GOP
campaigns, get higher grades on school assessments raised eyebrows, although,
again, he was cleared of criminal wrongdoing. He was, however, fined $5,000 for
using state resources to campaign.

All these cases have generated lofty debate about weaknesses in ethics rules and
how easy it is for officials to gain personal advantages by tip-toeing to the
edge of the rules while not stepping over legal lines.

Under current rules, no violations have occurred. But the conduct that produced
investigations and generated controversy reveals that the rules are too lax or
unclear and demand a thorough review.

Associated Press reporter Tom LoBianco pointed out in a column this week that
ethics scandals under Democrats 10 years ago led former Gov. Mitch Daniels to
campaign hard against a "culture of corruption" at the Statehouse. He later
pushed through reforms that created the position of inspector general.

Now it is the Republican Party, which controls the governor's office and enjoys
super majorities in both chambers of the legislature, which is beset by scandal.

Democrats, however, have little power to bring about needed changes. That leaves
it up to Republican leaders -- namely Gov. Mike Pence, House Speaker Brian Bosma
and Senate leader Richard Young -- to clean up their own house and stiffen the
rules.

It's time to get started.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140806-TX-EDITORIAL-Ethics-scandals-demand-GOP-response-20140806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Star


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

Dept. of Justice closes Kolbe inquiry

BYLINE: By Susan Crabtree

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 351 words


Finding no wrongdoing, the Department of Justice (DoJ) has ended its inquiry
into former Rep. Jim Kolbe's (R-Ariz.) relationships with House pages, according
to statements from Kolbe and his lawyers.

Kolbe and his attorneys, Reginald Brown and Brent Gurney of the D.C.-based
WilmerHale law firm, said DoJ informed them Tuesday afternoon that it had
completed its preliminary inquiry into the matter and declined to investigate
the matter further.

"Congressman Kolbe cooperated with the inquiry, which was led by career
prosecutors and conducted in a thorough and professional manner," his lawyers
said. "He is gratified that the inquiry has concluded with no finding of
wrongdoing. Jim also appreciates the strong support of friends and the citizens
of his district, who never broke faith with him throughout this distinguished
political career."

The Justice Department's Office of Public Affairs referred questions about the
investigation to the U.S. attorney for Arizona, Daniel Knass, whose spokesman,
Wyn Hornbuckle, declined to comment.

Prosecutors started looking into Kolbe's relationships with pages after hearing
about a camping trip he took to the Grand Canyon with two former pages and
others in 1996. News reports about the trip appeared days after revelations
about former Rep. Mark Foley's (R-Fla.) inappropriate communications with House
pages erupted just weeks before the November elections last year.

Foley resigned over the issue last fall. Kolbe already had announced his
retirement months before the news reports about the camping trip.

"When allegations involving me first appeared I said I was confident that with
appropriate due process it would be demonstrated that they had no basis and that
I acted appropriately," Kolbe said in a statement. "Yesterday's action by the
Justice Department is powerful evidence that the allegations of wrongdoing were
unfounded. I am thankful for the Department's objective review of this matter,
and glad to have finally put this issue to rest."

Kolbe went on to become a fellow at the German Marshall Fund and a consultant at
Kissinger McLarty Associates.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2007 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 17, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Regretful KPMG Asks for a Break;
Audit Firm Argues Charges Unnecessary

BYLINE: Albert B. Crenshaw Carrie Johnson, and

SECTION: Financial; D01

LENGTH: 656 words


Accounting firm KPMG LLP is engaged in what could be life-or-death negotiations
with the Justice Department over whether it will face criminal charges related
to its marketing of abusive tax shelters during the 1990s.

Federal prosecutors in Manhattan have developed a criminal case against the
firm. But KPMG has appealed to Justice officials in Washington, arguing that it
has cleaned up its act and that the case can be resolved short of charges that
could destroy the firm, according to sources familiar with the probe who spoke
on the condition of anonymity because the case is at a delicate stage.

"KPMG takes full responsibility for the unlawful conduct by former KPMG partners
during that period, and we deeply regret that it occurred," the firm said in a
statement issued yesterday, after a Wall Street Journal story reported on the
negotiations.

KPMG already has dismissed several partners who played an active role in selling
the tax shelters, clearing out its ranks and turning over documents and other
material to investigators on the advice of corporate lawyers at Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

"KPMG looks forward to a resolution that recognizes the significant reforms the
firm has already made in response to this matter while appropriately sanctioning
the firm for this wrongdoing," the statement said.

The question of how to proceed is a vexing one for the Justice Department, which
through a spokesman declined to comment. Another accounting giant, Arthur
Andersen LLP, prosecuted in the wake of the Enron Corp. failure, ultimately
collapsed after clients fled in droves  --  throwing thousands of people out of
work and further reducing the number of big accounting firms able to review the
books of large public companies. The U.S. Supreme Court recently overturned the
firm's conviction because of faulty jury instructions.

Legal experts said the KPMG case differs from Andersen's, because Andersen had
been cited repeatedly for infractions by securities regulators and because
Andersen leaders did not publicly admit wrongdoing. Government lawyers use
guidelines that emphasize corporate cooperation when deciding whether to indict
companies.

Ultimately, KPMG's prosecutors could demand financial penalties but stop short
of criminal charges. Or they could reach what is called a deferred-prosecution
agreement with the firm. In a deferred prosecution, the  defendant is on
probation while it reforms its business practices. In exchange, criminal charges
are delayed and the case is dropped if the firm fulfills its promises.

Such deals have become more common recently. Wednesday, for example, drugmaker
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. agreed to deferred prosecution and a $300 million fine
on charges it inflated sales figures. But KPMG leaders apparently argue that
even a deferred prosecution could irreparably damage the company's reputation as
a provider of accounting and tax advice, the sources said.

KPMG bore deep involvement in the creation and sale of tax shelters, the Senate
permanent subcommittee on investigations found.

Its "products," many going by esoteric acronyms such as FLIP, BLIPS and OPIS,
allowed wealthy taxpayers, typically those who had recently had a large taxable
gain, to create losses that could be written off to reduce or eliminate taxes on
the gain.

In a report issued in February, the panel concluded that KPMG "developed and
supported an extensive internal infrastructure of offices, programs, and
procedures designed to churn out a continuing supply of new generic tax
products, unsolicited by a specific client, for marketing to multiple clients."

KPMG also had "firm-wide numerical goals for new tax idea submissions and
applied ongoing pressure on KPMG tax professionals to meet this goal."

The firm now says all that has changed. Earlier this year, KPMG hired former
U.S. district judge Sven Erik Holmes to monitor its legal and regulatory
affairs.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 1, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Still a Bad Idea

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 665 words


TEXAS GOV. RICK PERRY (R) has called a special legislative session to revive a
dangerous redistricting plan that state Democrats managed to kill earlier this
year. Prodded by U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, Texas Republicans are
attempting a mid-census-cycle congressional redistricting. The goal is to
augment their party's presence in Washington now that Republicans control both
houses of the Texas Legislature. In the first round, Democrats in the state
House of Representatives took off to Oklahoma. By staying there, they managed to
prevent the legislature from having a quorum until a key deadline had passed and
the redistricting bill died. Now, however, it's back. Redistricting normally
takes place once a decade, and given how ugly and partisan a business it
typically is, its rarity is a good thing. A state's congressional districts
certainly shouldn't change whenever one party has the raw power to redraw the
lines. The Texas plan, if not defeated, risks creating a dangerous new norm by
which redistricting wars go on continuously.

Meanwhile, serious questions remain unanswered about how the last round was
fought. The Office of the Inspector General at the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security has issued a report reassuring Americans that the department acted
appropriately when it became briefly involved in the partisan brawl. But the
report is inadequate. The inspector general's office has deemed off-limits the
concerns that prompted calls for an inquiry in the first place, while reporting
no wrongdoing in a corner of this weird affair where wrongdoing never seemed
likely. If the IG's office is right that the rest of the matter is not its
business, then a different investigation must be conducted.

While the Democrats were missing, House Speaker Tom Craddick called in the Texas
Department of Public Safety to arrest them. The department in turn called in a
small component of the Department of Homeland Security -- a unit that tracks
airplanes -- to help locate a plane owned by one of the Democratic leaders.
Records of the search were then destroyed, ostensibly because federal rules
prohibit the retention of intelligence information in noncriminal matters. All
of which raises real questions: Did Texas officials employ federal authorities
for partisan political purposes on the pretext of an aviation emergency? If so,
who was responsible?

Unfortunately, these are not the questions the inspector general's report
addresses. The office did not examine the destruction of the notes or why Texas
authorities claimed to be searching for a missing plane. Rather, the report
merely clears the Homeland Security office that took the call of any wrongdoing
in giving 40 minutes of assistance in response to the grossly misleading
request. The sort of help the unnamed employee gave, the inspector general
finds, is routine in response to law enforcement inquiries. The employee clearly
believed he was looking for a lost plane, and his work involved only a "nominal"
use of federal resources. End of story.

Yet if the department was duped, who duped it? Texas public safety officials
"declined to provide any information identifying the person or persons who
requested they contact [Homeland Security] for assistance," the report says. The
officer who made the call, Texas police Lt. A. William Crais, testified in a
recent deposition that Mr. Craddick himself gave him the tail number of the
plane along with a tip that it was ferrying state representatives. Lt. Crais
called the feds, he said, when the plane did not show up where it was supposed
to. Even if nobody at Homeland Security did anything wrong, federal authorities
presumably have an interest in discouraging false reports to federal authorities
about airplanes in distress, and in making sure that federal enforcement
resources are not drawn into partisan political slugfests through trickery. The
public still deserves an explanation -- and mid-cycle redistricting is still a
terrible idea.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday

Federal prosecutor explains how businesses can become targets

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 822  words


(This article was originally published in The Daily Record, St. Louis, Mo.,
another Dolan Media publication.)

A businessman commits fraud. Does the federal government prosecute the
businessman, the company or both?

The depends, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas C. Albus as he spoke Friday
morning at a breakfast meeting of the Missouri Chamber of Commerce.

Albus, filling in for U.S. Attorney Catherine Hanaway, described the nine
factors that go into the U.S. Justice Department's decision whether to prosecute
an entity. These factors were published in a January 2003 memorandum by Deputy
Attorney General Larry D. Thompson.

The factors set forth in the Thompson memo are:

(1) the nature and seriousness of the offense, which includes the risk of harm
to the public;

(2) the pervasiveness of the wrongdoing within the corporation;

(3) a corporation's history of similar conduct;

(4) the timely and voluntary disclosure of wrongdoing and a willingness to
cooperate in the investigation;

(5) the existence and adequacy of a corporation's compliance program;

(6) a corporation's remedial actions;

(7) the collateral consequences of prosecution, including consequences to
innocent shareholders or employees;

(8) the adequacy of prosecuting the individuals and;

(9) the adequacy of civil or regulatory enforcement.

"As a corporate manager, the Department of Justice looks for people that
emphasize to their staff and to the folks that work in their corporation
obviously that criminal conduct - and specifically, if you think of your
different agencies, conduct that has been prosecuted or has been discussed
disfavorably by government regulators in the past - will not be countenanced,"
Albus said. "That's something that when it is emphasized throughout the
corporate culture is something that is a positive in the Department of Justice's
eyes. When something that in past that has occurred has been weeded out and has
been condemned by corporate management, that is something that's seen as a
positive, seen as a reason to forgo entity prosecution in the Department of
Justice's eyes."

It's sometimes more appropriate for the Justice Department to work with a
company toward civil or regulatory remedies than to prosecute the entity.
Looking at the collateral consequences of entity prosecution, Albus noted a
number of people objected strongly to the prosecution of Arthur Andersen. The
company "had a very long history and was generally a well-respected player in
our corporate culture for decades and decades, and ultimately what it basically
went down for was one lawyer - not even a partner at Arthur Andersen -
instructing people to shred documents," he said. "People have raised the idea:
Was this swatting a fly with a sledgehammer by the Department of Justice?"

Albus described how the Thompson memo factors were considered in the Justice
Department's decision last June not to prosecute Shell Oil for overstating by 23
percent its reserves of hydrocarbon in public filings with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Shell settled an enforcement action with the SEC, which included consenting to a
cease-and-desist order finding violations of several provisions of federal
securities laws and paying a $120 million civil monetary penalty, he said.

In addition, Shell self-reported the material misstatements to Wall Street and
to the government, and the corporation cooperated fully with the government
investigation by making available to investigators documents and employees from
all over the globe, by waiving attorney-client and work-product privilege, and
by setting up a database of information government regulators could search
easily, Albus said.

"The lesson is if there's ever anything . . . in your life or in your dealings
with your business that makes you think twice, go ahead and call up your general
counsel or call up your outside counsel and disclose everything. And probably
nine times out of 10, your counsel is going to say, 'Oh, you're paranoid;
everything is fine.' Get the letter, and put it in your file, that that's fine,
and it probably is fine," he said.

Albus also took a moment to talk about Missouri's criminal laws and procedural
rules. He urged the business leaders to look at truth-in-sentencing laws - where
convicted criminals serve 85 percent of their sentence - and consider how "that
might be a smart investment in our economy."

In addition, he said evidentiary rules have been created "just for the sake of
favoring criminal defendants," such as rules that don't allow juries to learn of
prior convictions or prior bad acts.

"I think it would be helpful in the state of Missouri to take a comprehensive
look at our criminal evidentiary rules, at our criminal sentencing rules and the
various crimes that we have and consider: Are these appropriate from a business
standpoint? Are these going to be the most efficient use of the resources that
we poured into our criminal justice system?" he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 1, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Border Patrol Cited for Inaction on Kickbacks

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 917 words


Top officials of the U.S. Border Patrol failed to act on allegations they
received in 2000 and 2001 of widespread kickbacks being paid to border agents in
Arizona, and later investigations by the Department of Homeland Security avoided
holding high-level officials responsible, said a new government report released
yesterday.

The U.S. Office of Special Counsel, an independent agency created to protect
government whistle-blowers, said in the report that the current head of the
Border Patrol, David V. Aguilar, was informed as early as 2000, when he headed
the agency in Arizona, that border agents temporarily assigned there were
receiving kickbacks from area landlords, but he did not act. The report was sent
to President Bush and Congress.

"It stretches credulity that 45 employees at a single Border Patrol station
engaged in a kickback and fraud scheme for a number of years . . . without the
knowledge of management," the OSC said in a statement. Homeland Security
investigators "appear to have exerted little effort to follow up on evidence
identified by [Border Patrol] whistle-blowers that would call into question the
statements of its management."

Internal probes by the Justice and Homeland Security departments have found that
high-level Border Patrol officials committed no wrongdoing and did not engage in
any coverup. In all, of the 68 or so Border Patrol employees suspected of
wrongdoing, 45 were punished in some fashion, although almost all were
low-ranking agents.

By sidestepping punishment of higher-ups under suspicion, "there is a real risk
of creating the appearance of a whitewash," Special Counsel Scott J. Bloch said
in a statement.

The controversy harkens to 1999, when waves of undocumented Mexicans were
pouring across the U.S. border into Arizona every night. Over the next three
years of Operation Safeguard, the Border Patrol dispatched more than 1,000 of
its uniformed agents to Arizona for one- to three-month details to try to stanch
the flow.

The operation was chaotic from the start, in part because the vast majority of
its young, recently hired agents were on their first out-of-town deployment, and
supervisors were stretched extremely thin.

Landlords in economically distressed southern Arizona were desperate for the
agents' business, and many gave cash rebates to agents, who then exaggerated
their rent in official expense claims, internal probes found. In some cases, the
landlords paying kickbacks were Border Patrol employees or officials, the probes
found.

Two veteran Border Patrol agents in the agency's Tucson sector, Larry E.
Davenport and Willie A. Forester, sparked the controversy in 2000 when they
complained about the practices to superiors in that sector, the OSC report said.

Two high-ranking Border Patrol officials in the Tucson sector to whom they
complained were Rowdy Adams and Carlos Carrillo, both of whom were personally
close to Aguilar, then the head of the Border Patrol in that sector. Both
followed Aguilar to Washington last summer when he became the Border Patrol's
chief.

Adams now is a Border Patrol senior associate chief who oversees technology
issues, such as its multibillion-dollar America's Shield Initiative to place
cameras and sensors along U.S. borders. Carrillo is also a senior associate
chief and a top Aguilar aide.

According to an OSC investigative document obtained by The Washington Post but
not released yesterday, whistle-blower Davenport reported his kickback
allegations to Adams and Carrillo in fall 2000. "According to Mr. Davenport, Mr.
Carrillo advised him that he might not be considered a team player if he
reported the matter," that document said.

Davenport said that in February 2001, when he laid out his allegations to Adams
and two other Border Patrol officials, he was told to "mind his own business,"
the report released yesterday said. Adams and Carrillo also told Davenport that
"if he wanted to move up in the Border Patrol . . . he had to get along" and
drop his complaints.

The two whistle-blowers said that in June 2000 Aguilar contacted a local
apartment complex to complain about kickbacks it paid to agents, the report
said. Another time, an agent who was a landlord sent Aguilar a memo complaining
that another agent demanded kickbacks, but Aguilar "refused to intervene," it
said.

Internal probes by the Justice and Homeland Security departments starting in
2003 found Border Patrol managers were uninvolved in the scandal, but the Office
of Special Counsel continually prodded them to investigate further and punish
higher-ups.

In 2003, DHS officials notified OSC that despite previous promises that it would
punish other Border Patrol officials, they had decided not to do so because
disciplinary action would be "an administrative burden."

Two more probes by DHS's Customs and Border Protection unit in 2004 "accepted
the contentions of the management personnel under investigation despite the
existence of contravening evidence," the OSC said.

OSC said yesterday that DHS's investigations of management were deficient and
"at best lacked thoroughness."

CBP spokeswoman Kristi M. Clemens said the agency "takes all allegations of
misconduct or abuse extremely seriously" and that Commissioner Robert C. Bonner,
who heads CBP, "has the highest confidence in Chief Aguilar's leadership and
management abilities."

All the kickback allegations of travel improprieties "were investigated and
adjudicated," she said. "Those responsible were held accountable."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 19, 2005 Tuesday Home Edition

SEC scolds Coke, issues no penalty

BYLINE: SCOTT LEITH

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A;

LENGTH: 1008 words


Coca-Cola misled investors in the late 1990s by failing to disclose a program
meant to artificially boost revenue in Japan, the Securities and Exchange
Commission said Monday as part of a settlement with the company.

In announcing the settlement with the SEC --- which resulted in no admission of
wrongdoing by Coke and no fines or penalties --- the world's largest soft drink
maker also disclosed that a separate probe by the Justice Department concluded
with no action taken against the Atlanta-based company.

The two federal agencies had been simultaneously investigating Coca-Cola since
2003, prompted by allegations of accounting and other irregularities that a
former Coke employee made in lawsuits against the company. The former employee,
Matthew Whitley, later settled his claims against Coke for $540,000. He had
initially sought $44.4 million, before filing the whistle-blower suit.

Still, most of Whitley's most highly charged allegations against Coke ---
including his revelation of a falsified marketing test Coke conducted in Burger
King restaurants in 2000 --- ultimately went unaddressed and unpunished by
federal authorities.

"We are pleased that this settlement, and the decision by the Department of
Justice to close its investigation, mark an end to the U.S. government inquiries
initiated in 2003," said CEO Neville Isdell in a memo to employees Monday.
Isdell inherited the investigations after former CEO Doug Daft left last year.

The SEC made no comment on other aspects of its investigation, after wide
speculation over its focus. The Justice Department gave no explanation for the
abrupt end to its inquiry.

Coke said it received a letter from Justice officials Monday saying they were
terminating their probe.

In detailing its settlement with Coke, the SEC scolded the company.

"Coca-Cola misled investors by failing to disclose end-of-period practices that
impacted the company's likely future operating results," said Richard Wessel,
district administrator of the SEC's Atlanta office.

As part of the settlement, Coke agreed to a cease-and-desist order and
voluntarily decided to improve its "internal disclosure review process."

The practice that got Coke into trouble in Japan was described by the SEC as
"gallon pushing," also known by some as "channel stuffing."

In selling concentrate to bottlers in Japan, the SEC found, Coke offered them
extended credit terms to induce them to buy more concentrate, chiefly for two
popular products, Coca-Cola and Georgia Coffee, a cold beverage sold in Japan.

For Coke, it was a way to increase revenue. For bottlers, it meant they ended up
with too much inventory. For investors, it distorted the financial snapshot they
were receiving of the company.

The SEC said the practice was used from 1997 to 1999, helping Coke meet earnings
estimates for eight of 12 quarters. During that time, bottler sales of finished
products increased just 11 percent, while concentrate inventory levels grew more
than 60 percent.

At the height of the practice --- in the fourth quarter of 1999 --- gallon
pushing generated nearly $209 million in extra revenue for Coca-Cola, equivalent
to about two cents per share, according to the SEC.

As unused inventories swelled, the practice became unsustainable. In early 2000,
Coke disclosed it planned a "worldwide concentrate inventory reduction."

The SEC also said Coke characterized its inventory reduction as a "joint
proactive efficiency measure" with bottlers when, in fact, it was "solely a
Coca-Cola initiative."

Based on those statements, the SEC concluded that Coke issued false and
misleading statements.

While Monday's news closes out the federal probes of Coke, the company still
faces litigation over the Japan transactions. A shareholder lawsuit filed on
behalf of the Carpenters Health & Welfare Fund of Philadelphia and others claims
Coke forced several bottlers to buy excess concentrate with the overall goal of
boosting revenue, net income and, ultimately, Coke's stock price.

In 1998, around the middle of the period of the Japan transactions, Coke shares
traded as high as the upper $80 range. The shares closed Monday at $40.97.

The suit was filed in October 2000, mostly dismissed in 2002 and then amended in
June 2003.

It contains allegations of improprieties in Japan and elsewhere, using details
provided by ex-Coke employees.

An attorney for the plaintiffs could not immediately be reached for comment
Monday.

But Jacob Frenkel, a former federal prosecutor and SEC enforcement lawyer,
thinks Coke's settlement looks favorable for the company.

"This outcome, if anything, should be discouraging to the plaintiffs' bar
because the simple recognition should be that there's not much there," said
Frenkel, now with Shulman, Rogers, Gandal, Pordy & Ecker in Rockville, Md.

"This outcome is at the farthest possible, opposite end of the spectrum from the
big-dollar settlements that the SEC has been reaching with company after
company."

Former employee turned whistle-blower Whitley raised the Japan issues and was
also the first to make allegations that a handful of Coke fountain unit
employees staged a falsified marketing test at Burger King restaurants in
Richmond, Va.

The activities happened in 2000 and used artificial means to show inflated
demand for a product called Frozen Coke.

Coke later admitted to the falsified tests, apologized to Burger King and agreed
to settle with the fast-food chain for about $20 million.

Marc Garber, the attorney who represented Whitley, said his former client was
right about many problems at Coke, as revealed by the SEC's findings involving
Japan. "The unfortunate part is that he had to pay for his honesty with his
job," Garber said.

Whitley eventually took another job and still lives in metro Atlanta. He could
not be reached for comment Monday.

--- The Associated Press contributed to this article.

ON AJC.COM

* News and updates on Coke Insider on our business channel.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                        May 4, 2002 Saturday A1 EDITION

Report: No wrongdoing in fatal police shooting;
FINDINGS WILL BE PRESENTED TO GRAND JURY

BYLINE: Sean Webby Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 478 words


A Santa Clara County sheriff's investigator said Friday that the evidence shows
that the fatal police shooting of Pedro Calderon Jr. on the Stanford campus in
March was legal.

"The evidence I recovered doesn't indicate any wrongdoing," Sgt. Dean Baker of
the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department told the Mercury News on Friday. "I
found no criminal wrongdoing at all."

Baker gave his official 400-page report on the controversial shooting to the
district attorney's office Friday. But it does not include any recommendations.
"My job is just to report the facts, pro and con," Baker said.

A prosecutor is expected to bring the matter before a criminal grand jury over
the coming months -- a process for all officer-involved shootings in Santa Clara
County.

The prosecutor will use the report in a presentation to the grand jury, which
has the power to indict an officer who kills someone while on duty.

No police officer in Santa Clara or San Mateo counties has been convicted in an
on-duty and criminal fatal shooting in recent history.

Calderon's family members, who have participated in several protests and are
considering a wrongful-death lawsuit, said they hope the report accurately
reflects what happened March 20 and that the grand jury would do the right
thing.

"I know that basically that they would try to come up with the truth," Pedro
Calderon Sr. said Friday. "I hope they do the best they can for the good of
everybody, not just for my son but for the whole community."

Palo Alto Police Chief Pat Dwyer declined to comment on the report, but said he
was pleased both for the officer involved and for Calderon's family that the
process was moving along.

On March 20, police say, three officers tried to stop Calderon, a 20-year-old
East Palo Alto man, on Stanford Avenue because he resembled a burglary suspect.
Two officers shot at him when he tried to escape in a stolen BMW. Sources have
reported that Palo Alto officer Jess Perryman fired a single fatal bullet into
Calderon's chest.

Under the law, if Perryman believed she or anyone else was in imminent danger,
she could legally fire her weapon. Asked about the shooting the day after,
Perryman told the Mercury News only that while trying to stop Calderon from
driving away, she was "rolled like a cigarette" between the BMW and her patrol
car.

But there are contradictory accounts of how Perryman ended up half in and out of
the moving BMW, differences a grand jury would have to sort through.

Baker said the only thing missing from his report was a ballistics report, still
pending from Santa Clara County's crime lab.

Perryman and Stanford Deputy Jeff Bell, the other shooter, remain on
administrative leave, pending the completion of administrative reviews of the
shooting.

Contact Sean Webby at swebby@sjmercury.com or (650) 688-7577. Fax (650)
688-7555.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                        May 4, 2002 Saturday MO1 EDITION

Report: No wrongdoing in fatal police shooting;
FINDINGS WILL BE PRESENTED TO GRAND JURY

BYLINE: Sean Webby Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 482 words


A Santa Clara County Sheriff's investigator said Friday that the evidence shows
that the fatal police shooting of Pedro Calderon Jr. on the Stanford campus in
March was legal.

"The evidence I recovered doesn't indicate any wrongdoing," Sgt. Dean Baker of
the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department told the Mercury News on Friday. "I
found no criminal wrongdoing at all."

Baker gave his official 400-page report on the controversial shooting to the
district attorney's office Friday. But it does not include any recommendations.
"My job is just to report the facts, pro and con," Baker said.

A prosecutor is expected to bring the matter before a criminal grand jury over
the coming months -- a process for all officer-involved shootings in Santa Clara
County.

The prosecutor will use the report in a presentation to the grand jury, which
has the power to indict an officer who kills someone while on duty.

No police officer in Santa Clara or San Mateo counties has been convicted in an
on-duty and criminal fatal shooting in recent history.

Calderon's family members, who have participated in several protests against the
shooting and are considering a wrongful-death lawsuit, said they hope the report
accurately reflects what happened March 20 and that the grand jury would do the
right thing.

"I know that basically that they would try to come up with the truth," Pedro
Calderon Sr. said Friday. "I hope they do the best they can for the good of
everybody, not just for my son but for the whole community."

Palo Alto Police Chief Pat Dwyer declined to comment on the report, but said he
was pleased both for the officer involved and for Calderon's family that the
process was moving along.

On March 20, police say, three officers tried to stop Calderon, a 20-year-old
East Palo Alto man, on Stanford Avenue because he resembled a burglary suspect.
Two officers shot at him when he tried to escape in a stolen BMW. Sources have
reported that Palo Alto officer Jess Perryman fired a single fatal bullet into
Calderon's chest.

Under the law, if Perryman believed she or anyone else was in imminent danger,
she could legally fire her weapon. Asked about the shooting the day after,
Perryman told the Mercury News only that while trying to stop Calderon from
driving away, she was "rolled like a cigarette" between the BMW and her patrol
car.

But there are contradictory accounts of how Perryman ended up half in and out of
the moving BMW, differences a grand jury would have to sort through.

Baker said the only thing missing from his report was a ballistics report, still
pending from Santa Clara County's crime lab.

Perryman and Stanford Deputy Jeff Bell, the other shooter, remain on
administrative leave, pending the completion of administrative reviews of the
shooting.

Contact Sean Webby at swebby@sjmercury.com or (650) 688-7577. Fax (650)
688-7555.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 18, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

Outside Counsel Hired for Two Cases;
Senators' S&L, Housing Dealings Face Study;
Wrongdoing Denied

BYLINE: Tom Kenworthy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 468 words


The Senate ethics committee unanimously agreed yesterday to hire a special
outside counsel to determine whether it should begin formal inquiries into the
intervention of five senators on behalf of a failing savings and loan
association and the dealings of a sixth senator with government housing
agencies.

Robert S. Bennett, a Washington lawyer, was retained by the panel. He is already
serving as the counsel in a separate investigation of a book publishing deal
involving Sen. David Durenberger (R-Minn.).

The seven-member committee, however, did not vote to begin formal investigations
into the conduct of the six lawmakers.

"The action does not suggest in any way that the committee has found any
indication of wrongdoing," said Chairman Howell Heflin (D-Ala.).

Committee Vice Chairman Warren B. Rudman (R-N.H.) predicted it could take
several months before the committee decides whether or not to proceed to a
preliminary inquiry, the formal name for the first of the three investigative
phases called for in Senate rules.

Bennett will probe the dealings of Sens. Alan Cranston (D-Calif.), Dennis
DeConcini (D-Ariz.), Donald W. Riegle Jr. (D-Mich.), John McCain (R-Ariz.) and
John Glenn (D-Ohio) with federal regulators on behalf of Lincoln Savings and
Loan of Irvine, Calif. The thrift's chairman, Charles H. Keating Jr., raised
more than $ 1.3 million for the five senators' campaigns and political
organizations.

All five have denied any wrongdoing in their relationship with Keating, whose
savings institution is likely to become the largest thrift failure in the nation
at a cost to taxpayers of $ 2 billion. Cranston last night promised "utmost
cooperation" with the probe and said he is confident of vindication.

Bennett will also assist the committee in looking into the activities of Sen.
Alphonse M. D'Amato (R-N.Y.), accused by a former Democratic opponent of
improperly influencing federal housing programs for political allies and
friends.

Testimony before the House Banking Committee has linked the five senators to
efforts to persuade federal banking regulators to exercise forbearance toward
Lincoln Savings. Regulators took control of the thrift in April and are seeking
$ 1.1 billion in a fraud and racketeering suit against Keating and others.

The next step for the Senate ethics panel is to begin a preliminary inquiry to
determine whether there is "reason to believe" violations of Senate rules may
have occurred. If this is established, an "initial review" is conducted to
determine if there is "substantial credible evidence" of wrongdoing. If that
standard is met, the committee moves on to a full-fledged investigation to
decide if there is clear and convincing evidence of violations and if
disciplinary measures should be recommended to the full Senate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Chairmen Question DOJ Treatment of EPA in Animas River Disaster

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources
has issued the following press release:



 Today, House Committee on Natural Resources Chairman Rob Bishop (R-UT), House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and
House Oversight and Government Reform Interior Subcommittee Chairman Cynthia
Lummis (R-WY) sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting a
briefing. Specifically, the chairmen request DOJ explain its decision not to
pursue criminal charges related to EPA's Gold King Mine disaster that were
referred to DOJ by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Office of Inspector
General (OIG).





 EPA OIG reportedly found evidence of criminal wrongdoing including violation of
the Clean Water Act and providing false statements in a criminal investigation.



 Key excerpts from the letter:



 "OIG stated that it had found evidence of criminal wrongdoing by the EPA.
These included providing false statements in a criminal investigation and
violation of the Clean Water Act.   The OIG told congressional staff
participants that it had referred these criminal findings to the United States
Attorney for the District of Colorado.  However, the OIG went on to say that the
U.S. Attorney, on the same day, declined to prosecute these charges.



 "By not taking up the case, the Department of Justice looks like it is going
easy on its colleagues in EPA.  Its lack of action on these charges give the
appearance of hypocrisy, and seem to indicate that there is one set of rules for
private citizens and another for the federal government. The EPA disaster
deserves the same level of accountability to which private citizens are held.



 "In order to assist the Committees, we ask that you provide the Committees with
a briefing on the Department's decision not to take up the OIG's recommendation
of criminal charges.  Furthermore, research conducted by Oversight Committee
staff indicates a large gap between the number of criminal referrals from
inspectors general across the federal government and the number of prosecutions
taken up by the Department.  We request that the briefing take place no later
than October 26, 2016."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Chairmen Question DOJ Treatment of EPA in Animas River Disaster

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources
has issued the following press release:



 Today, House Committee on Natural Resources Chairman Rob Bishop (R-UT), House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and
House Oversight and Government Reform Interior Subcommittee Chairman Cynthia
Lummis (R-WY) sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting a
briefing. Specifically, the chairmen request DOJ explain its decision not to
pursue criminal charges related to EPA's Gold King Mine disaster that were
referred to DOJ by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Office of Inspector
General (OIG).





 EPA OIG reportedly found evidence of criminal wrongdoing including violation of
the Clean Water Act and providing false statements in a criminal investigation.



 Key excerpts from the letter:



 "OIG stated that it had found evidence of criminal wrongdoing by the EPA.
These included providing false statements in a criminal investigation and
violation of the Clean Water Act.   The OIG told congressional staff
participants that it had referred these criminal findings to the United States
Attorney for the District of Colorado.  However, the OIG went on to say that the
U.S. Attorney, on the same day, declined to prosecute these charges.



 "By not taking up the case, the Department of Justice looks like it is going
easy on its colleagues in EPA.  Its lack of action on these charges give the
appearance of hypocrisy, and seem to indicate that there is one set of rules for
private citizens and another for the federal government. The EPA disaster
deserves the same level of accountability to which private citizens are held.



 "In order to assist the Committees, we ask that you provide the Committees with
a briefing on the Department's decision not to take up the OIG's recommendation
of criminal charges.  Furthermore, research conducted by Oversight Committee
staff indicates a large gap between the number of criminal referrals from
inspectors general across the federal government and the number of prosecutions
taken up by the Department.  We request that the briefing take place no later
than October 26, 2016."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 11, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

INVESTING: DIARY;
Settling for Prevention

BYLINE: By REED ABELSON

SECTION: Section 3; Page 6; Column 1; Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 275 words


The Securities and Exchange Commission is trying something new in its quest to
teach a lesson to those accused of wrongdoing. In two recent settlements, the
commission asked the accused parties, neither of which admitted or denied any
wrongdoing, to pay for educational programs to help others avoid future
transgressions.

In its settlement with W. R. Grace & Company in late June, the S.E.C. asked
Grace to spend $1 million to promote "further awareness and education relating
to financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles." The
S.E.C. had accused the company of manipulating the results of a health care
unit.

The commission reached a similar settlement with PricewaterhouseCoopers in
January. The accounting firm agreed to spend $2.5 million "to further awareness
and education throughout the profession relating to the independence
requirements for public accounting firms." The S.E.C. had contended that
PricewaterhouseCoopers was not sufficiently independent because some employees
owned stock in companies the firm audited.

What makes the settlements so unusual is that they do not require punishments
that focus on alleviating any damage done by the conduct in question. "The
normal settlement tries to compensate the victims," said John C. Coffee Jr., a
law professor at Columbia University.

In these cases, the S.E.C. could not levy a more conventional penalty because of
the specific statutes involved. "It seemed to be an effective way to resolve"
those two cases, said Richard H. Walker, the commission's director of
enforcement, and "provide a tangible public benefit."   REED ABELSON




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Stanford in hot water; Texas billionaire indicted for fraud

BYLINE: Tabassum Zakaria, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Va.


Texas billionaire Allen Stanford, three associates and a top Caribbean regulator
were indicted on fraud, conspiracy and obstruction charges in an elaborate
$7-billion pyramid scheme to bilk investors, U.S. Justice Department officials
said on Friday.

A federal judge in Virginia ordered Stanford, a flamboyant 59-year-old
financier, to be transferred to Houston for a hearing on whether he should be
granted bail on charges he orchestrated the fraud through his bank on the
Caribbean island of Antigua.

He could face life in prison if convicted on all of the charges brought by a
grand jury in Texas, assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer told reporters in
Washington.

Stanford, who surrendered to FBI agents outside his girlfriend's house in
Virginia late on Thursday, entered a Richmond federal courtroom in ankle
shackles and sat straight with his chin in his hands during a brief hearing
before U.S. Magistrate Hannah Lauck.

"To go to Texas, yes ma'am,"' he said when Lauck asked if he preferred to have
his bail hearing in Houston or Virginia. Stanford, who has a moustache and
salt-and-pepper hair, was dressed in a white shirt and dark pants.

Stanford and executive Laura Pendergest-Holt, accountants Gilberto Lopez and
Mark Kuhrt and Antigua's top regulator, Leroy King, were hit with 21 charges
alleging they concocted a broad ruse to deceive investors, fabricate financial
statements and hide their fraud.

"This scheme was carefully orchestrated to make sure the true information never
saw the light of day," said Robert Khuzami, head of the Securities and Exchange
Commission's enforcement unit.

Stanford, who lived lavishly and whose passion for cricket translated into
generous backing for the sport in the cricket-loving West Indies, has denied any
wrongdoing. His lawyer said on Friday the financier would fight the allegations.

"He is confident that a fair jury will find him not guilty of any criminal
wrongdoing," attorney Dick DeGuerin said in a statement.

His attorneys argued in Lauck's court that Stanford was not a flight risk, but
she said: "I do think there's sufficient evidence here to warrant a detention
hearing."

Stanford's case is the first major financial crimes prosecution brought under
the administration of President Barack Obama, who has vowed to crack down on
economic malfeasance amid a deep global recession.

Breuer said economic troubles made such regulation even more important and vowed
the government "will remain vigilant in rooting out all such fraud."

Kevin Perkins, assistant director of the FBI, said the agency has opened 100 new
probes into phony pyramid investment schemes in recent months.

With many Americans already angered by the financial sector crisis,
investigators have been under heavy pressure to crack down on financial and
corporate fraud cases after the government failed to respond to warnings over
the years that money manager Bernard Madoff was running a massive swindle.

Madoff was arrested last year and admitted in March to orchestrating the biggest
financial scam in Wall Street history.

Breuer said Allen and associates misappropriated most of the $7 billion held in
investors' funds and so far less than $2 billion in recoverable assets had been
identified.

Stanford already faces civil charges by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission -- brought in February -- that he fraudulently sold $8 billion in
certificates of deposit with improbably high interest rates from his Stanford
International Bank Ltd., headquartered in Antigua.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Tom Shaw, Getty Images; Allen Stanford speaks during a news conference
last year in London, England. The Texas billionaire was indicted on fraud,
conspiracy and obstruction charges and could face life in prison if convicted. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

New USC football coach Steve Sarkisian will feel heat over alleged recruiting
violation at Washington

BYLINE: Vincent Bonsignore

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 785 words


This all needs to be prefaced with a big if, right?

Specifically, if Washington assistant coach Tosh Lupoi is found guilty of laying
out nearly $5,000 to cover the private tutoring costs of former Huskies
defensive line recruit Andrew Basham c as Lupoi is being accused of by Mike
Davis, a former coach of Basham.

If this accusation is true c and if you believe the damning account presented by
Davis in a detailed report in the Los Angeles Times, it certainly doesnct look
good for Lupoi c the next obvious question is how did new USC coach Steve
Sarkisian, who was Lupoics boss at Washington, not know it was going on?

Sarkisian insisted he was unaware of any wrongdoing, but even if hecs telling
the truth it renders him either very naive or out of focus.

Neither is a good look for the new head coach of one of the premier programs in
college football.

If the accusation is true, of course.

At this point USC stands firmly behind Sarkisian. But the school has opened a
detailed investigation into the claims c along with Washington c so Icd caution
anyone completely making up their mind until those inquiries are completed.

I have faith in USC doing its due diligence, but it will be fascinating to see
what Washington comes up with and how it might relate to Sarkisian, who isnct
real popular right now in Seattle after bolting the Huskies for the hated
Trojans.

Washington has every reason to come clean on this and no reason to protect
Sarkisian. And that should make for a riveting investigation.

Itcs certainly raises major questions.

How can the head coach of a major program not know one of his high-profile
assistants paid money to a high-profile recruit?

Why would Lupoi reach into his own pocket and pay for a recruitcs extra
schooling?

And what sort of environment did Sarkisian create in Seattle in which an
assistant coach would even think of doing such a thing, let alone actually do
it?

Does any of that make sense to you?

Does any of it sound believable?

Sarkisian, who left Washington two weeks ago to take over at USC, claimed he was
unaware of any wrongdoing and an initial investigation by USCcs compliance
office turned up no evidence Sarkisian played any role in the matter.

Maybe none of itcs true. Or maybe Lupoi really did act alone and this is all
just a case of terribly poor timing for USC.

Regardless, it doesnct look good for the school or athletic director Pat Haden,
the man most responsible for bringing Sarkisian to Los Angeles.

Haden and USC have worked ardently to distance themselves from the NCAAcs
cross-hairs and now must hold their collective breath hoping another shoe
doesnct fall from the sky and smack the Trojans across the forehead.

At the very least, this hardly is the first major impression Haden needed for
his new coach.

In a nutshell Lupoi c who denies any wrongdoing c is accused of paying $3,000 to
cover Bashamcs tutoring costs with a test preparation company and another $1,500
for online classes to help Basham raise his grade-point average.

Davis, who was working as a middle man between Lupoi and Basham, claimed he
received two cash payments from Lupoi for the services.

Lupoi was hired by Sarkisian in 2012 and lured to Washington from Cal
specifically for his highly regarded recruiting skills.

If you believe Davis, it turns out that recruiting prowess might have been
greatly enhanced.

Or in this case, funded.

Lupoi was not one of the three coaches Sarkisian brought with him from Seattle
to Los Angeles, although it was assumed he eventually would land on Sarkisiancs
staff.

The chances of that happening are extremely remote at this point, and it
certainly seems conspicuous in retrospect. Lupoi was not part of the original
group headed south from Seattle.

But again, wecre still dealing with ifcs right now.

For arguments sake, letcs assume Lupoi is guilty. A kid needed to raise his GPA
and test scores to qualify at Washington c interestingly, Basham never did meet
entrance requirements c and Lupoi helped point him in the direction of
assistance and then paid for the services.

Aside from being a major infraction, it also raises significant questions as to
what Sarkisian knew and when did he know it.

Because itcs hard to swallow the notion an assistant coach is so benevolent hecd
use his own money to help a kid in need of help. Or that Lupoi simply came up
with the plan all by himself, executed it and kept it own the down low from his
boss, whose primary objective besides fielding a championship team is doing it
within the strict guidelines of the NCAA rulebook and creating a transparent
environment in which he and his staff operate.

Keep in mind, wecre still dealing with major ifcs at the moment.

But even at first glance it raises a lot of eyebrows.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 6, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL State officials need authority over EMTs The legislature should give
the health department the ability to revoke licenses in cases such as occurred
when several Denver paramedics were fired for misconduct.

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 509 words


There's an serious gap between the professional standards Colorado expects of
emergency medical workers and the weak laws that prevent the state health
department from revoking the certificates of wayward medics.

Last summer, the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment couldn't
effectively respond when allegations arose against Denver paramedics, including
stories they abused patients and stole property. The miscreant emergency medical
technicians were certified by the state and were supposed to obey laws against
assault, theft and unprofessional conduct. Yet to revoke the medics'
certificates (a kind of license to get an EMT job in Colorado), the state needed
documentation - which Denver Health Medical Center refused to provide, citing
privacy rules. Denver Health fired five EMTs and put 12 others on leave, but its
response didn't end public concern.

Since state health officials didn't have the documents needed to revoke the
EMTs' certificates, the medics fired in Denver could go work for another
hospital, fire department or ambulance company. It's a loophole that state
health officials want the legislature to close. The health department is on the
right track and deserves public support in seeking common-sense changes in state
statutes. After consulting with health department staffers, the State Emergency
Medical Services and Trauma Advisory Council has recommended that lawmakers:

Give the state health department the right to subpoena documents and testimony.
The move would let state officials investigate allegations and shield employers,
such as Denver Health, from getting sued for privacy violations. An unresolved
issue is if the health department would get administrative subpoena power or
have to route such requests through district courts.

The recommendation could be strengthened if it explicitly let the state health
department investigate alleged wrongdoing on its own, rather than have to wait
for employers to launch inquiries. In Denver, an internal "fraternity house"
culture ignored abuse reports. An omission might not be repeated if employers
knew the state could act, too.

Require employers, doctors and others to report misconduct claims to the state.
This proposal could be stronger if it also said medical professionals needn't
wait for patients to complain, but instead said professionals must report
wrongdoing they personally uncovered or witnessed.

Protect whistle-blowers. Denver medics who reported colleagues' wrongdoing said
they were harassed. If medics are required to report misbehavior, they should be
protected by law - including statutes against witness intimidation.

Keep disciplinary allegations private unless the state takes action. Medics
handle drunks, drug addicts and mental patients who are ``off their meds,'' so
EMTs understandably fear spurious allegations. But the need for privacy should
be balanced with the public's right to know of problems in the medical system.
More openness would inspire public confidence, a precious element endangered by
last summer's abuse reports.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: DoD IG's Office Protects Whistleblowers

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Defense, The Government of USA has issued the following News
Release:

Military and civilian personnel who expose wrongdoing in the government should
not become victims, said Nilgun Tolek, the director of whistleblower reprisal
investigation at the DoD Inspector General's Office here.

The common understanding of a whistleblower "is somebody who brings wrongdoing
to light in general," Tolek said during a recent interview.

Tolek is in charge of ensuring that people who disclose wrongdoing are not
reprised against for their actions.

Whistleblower protections

"Under the Military Whistleblower Protection Law, a military member is protected
-- across the board -- for any kind of communication with an inspector general
or a Member of Congress, as long as it is a lawful communication," she said.
Civilians -- including DoD appropriated and nonappropriated fund employees, as
well as contractor and sub-contractor personnel -- are similarly protected.

Commanders and supervisors cannot retaliate against people who make these lawful
communications, she said. If they do, it is reprisal.

Tolek steps in when those who have made protected communications or disclosures
allege they were retaliated against. Her group of around 45 investigators looks
at each case to determine if reprisal occurred. Reprisals generally take the
form of adverse personnel actions -- demoting a person or reassigning them to a
lesser job -- or by the complainant not getting a favorable personnel action --
denying a regular pay raise or promotion.

Investigator involvement

Obviously, investigators look at when a complainant made allegations and when
adverse actions occurred. They also examine the case to see if the superior knew
or suspected that the complainant was the one speaking to the IG or a Member of
Congress.

"If there is any possible inference of the circumstances described to us by the
complainant that one was a factor in the other, then we call that a prima facie
allegation and that would cause us to investigate," Tolek said.

Her group received slightly less than 1,300 complaints in fiscal 2013 and that
number is running a bit higher this year. For military personnel, investigations
are to be completed within 180 days. However, investigations often take longer
and Tolek must notify the office of the Secretary of Defense when that occurs.

Approval of conclusions

Some of the cases the office receives are referred to the service or agency IGs,
once Tolek's investigators determine there is prima facie evidence. Once those
offices complete their investigations, they send the conclusions to Tolek to
approve their results.

"We do all contractor and sub-contractor and non-appropriated fund employees,"
she said. There have been recent changes to the law that include protections to
sub-contractors.

Tolek emphasized that no one is required to exhaust their chain of command
before making a whistleblower complaint.

"Even if there are internal channels you can go directly outside," she said.
"The statute for military members has a provision [that] no one can restrict a
military member from speaking to an IG or a Member of Congress."

If reprisal is proven, the IG recommends to the head of the agency "that the
person be made whole and we actually specify what has to happen," she said. The
office also recommends "appropriate corrective action against the person who
took the action against the whistleblower."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Cyprus Mail

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits

BYLINE: Reuters News Service

LENGTH: 485 words


By Karen Freifeld and Dan Levine

Donald Trump agreed on Friday to pay $25 million to settle fraud lawsuits over
his Trump University real estate seminars, in what New York's attorney general
called a "stunning reversal" for the U.S. president-elect.

The lawsuits had dogged Trump, who denied any wrongdoing, throughout his
campaign. They led to one of the more controversial moments of his run when he
claimed the judge overseeing two of the cases was biased because he was of
Mexican ancestry.

The settlement was announced by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who
said it followed repeated refusals by Trump "to settle for even modest amounts
of compensation for the victims of his phony university."

Lawyers for Trump had argued against students, who claimed they were they were
lured by false promises into paying up to $35,000 to learn Trump's real estate
investing "secrets" from his "hand-picked" instructors.

Three lawsuits relating to Trump University will be covered by the deal: two
class actions suits in California and a New York case brought by Schneiderman.
The agreement must still be approved by U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in
San Diego.

Trump will not admit any wrongdoing under the agreement. His attorney, Daniel
Petrocelli, acknowledged Trump had previously vowed to fight the case.

The settlement demonstrated Trump's desire to set his personal feelings aside in
order to work on issues facing the county, Petrocelli said.

"President-elect Trump has laser focus on moving forward. It's time to move on,"
Petrocelli told reporters on Friday.

Schneiderman and attorneys for the students praised the deal.

"Today's $25 million settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Donald Trump
and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent university,"
Schneiderman said in a statement.

At a court hearing on Friday, students' attorney Jason Forge said that out of
the $25 million proposed settlement, $4 million will be earmarked for students
represented by Schneiderman who were not part of the California class actions,
as well as administrative costs.

Class action lawyers for the students will not seek attorneys fees, but
reimbursement for costs, he said.

Curiel, who is presiding over the two California cases, had urged both sides to
settle. Trump said during his election campaign that Curiel, who was born in
Indiana to Mexican immigrant parents, could not be impartial because of Trump's
campaign pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border to control illegal
immigration.

In court on Friday, Trump lawyer Petrocelli praised Curiel for his hard work on
the case.

Curiel said he hoped the settlement could be part of a healing process after the
U.S. election "that this country very sorely needs."

The post Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits
appeared first on Cyprus Mail.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/41/70/47/147953996810.jpg

trumps

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 70


               Copyright 2016 Cyprus Mail - Cyprus Mail Co. Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           August 31, 2005 Wednesday

KPMG LLP admits wrongdoing, agrees to pay $456 million for tax fraud conspiracy

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1077 words


KPMG LLP has admitted to criminal wrongdoing and agreed to pay $456 million in
fines, restitution, and penalties as part of an agreement to defer prosecution
of the firm, the Justice Department and the Internal Revenue Service announced
on Monday.

In addition to the agreement, nine individuals-including six former KPMG
partners and the former deputy chairman of the firm-are being criminally
prosecuted in relation to the multi-billion dollar criminal tax fraud
conspiracy. As alleged in a series of charging documents unsealed today, the
fraud relates to the design, marketing and implementation of fraudulent tax
shelters.

In the largest criminal tax case ever filed, KPMG admitted that it engaged in a
fraud that generated at least $11 billion dollars in phony tax losses which,
according to court papers, cost the United States at least $2.5 billion dollars
in evaded taxes. In addition to KPMG's former deputy chairman, the individuals
indicted today include two former heads of KPMG's tax practice and a former tax
partner in the New York City office of a prominent national law firm.

"Corporate fraud has far-reaching consequences, both to the marketplace and
those whose livelihoods depend on companies that maintain honest business
practices," said Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales. "[This] agreement
requires KPMG to accept responsibility and make amends for its criminal conduct
while protecting innocent workers and others from the consequences of a
conviction. The stiff financial penalty announced today means that the firm is
paying for its conduct, while the guarantees of cooperation, oversight and
meaningful reform will help to ensure that its future business is conducted with
honesty and integrity."

The criminal information and indictment together allege that from 1996 through
2003, KPMG, the nine indicted defendants and others conspired to defraud the IRS
by designing, marketing and implementing illegal tax shelters. The charging
documents focus on four shelters that the conspirators called FLIP, OPIS, BLIPS
and SOS.

According to the charges, KPMG, the indicted individuals, and their
co-conspirators concocted tax shelter transactions-together with false and
fraudulent factual scenarios to support them-and targeted them to wealthy
individuals who needed a minimum of $10 or $20 million in tax losses so that
they would pay fees that were a percentage of the desired tax loss to KPMG,
certain law firms, and others instead of paying billions of dollars in taxes
owed to the government.

To further the scheme, KPMG, the individual defendants, and their
co-conspirators allegedly filed and caused to be filed false and fraudulent tax
returns that claimed phony tax losses. KPMG also admitted that its personnel
took specific deliberate steps to conceal the existence of the shelters from the
IRS by, among other things, failing to register the shelters with the IRS as
required by law; fraudulently concealing the shelter losses and income on tax
returns; and attempting to hide the shelters using sham attorney-client
privilege claims.

The information and indictment allege that top leadership at KPMG made the
decision to approve and participate in shelters and issue KPMG opinion letters
despite significant warnings from KPMG tax experts and others throughout the
development of the shelters and at critical junctures that the shelters were
close to frivolous and would not withstand IRS scrutiny; that the
representations required to made by the wealthy individuals were not credible;
and the consequences of going forward with the shelters-as well as failing to
register them-could include criminal investigation, among other things.

The agreement provides that prosecution of the criminal charge against KPMG will
be deferred until Dec. 31, 2006 if specified conditions-including payment of the
$456 million in fines, restitution, and penalties-are met. The $456 million
penalty includes: $100 million in civil fines for failure to register the tax
shelters with the IRS; $128 million in criminal fines representing disgorgement
of fees earned by KPMG on the four shelters; and $228 million in criminal
restitution representing lost taxes to the IRS as a result of KPMG's
intransigence in turning over documents and information to the IRS that caused
the statute of limitations to run.

If KPMG has fully complied with all the terms of the deferred prosecution
agreement at the end of the deferral period, the government will dismiss the
criminal information.

The agreement requires permanent restrictions on KPMG's tax practice, including
the termination of two practice areas, one of which provides tax advice to
wealthy individuals; and permanent adherence to higher tax practice standards
regarding the issuance of certain tax opinions and the preparation of tax
returns. In addition, the agreement bans KPMG's involvement with any
pre-packaged tax products and restricts KPMG's acceptance of fees not based on
hourly rates.

The agreement also requires KPMG to implement and maintain an effective
compliance and ethics program; to install an independent, government-appointed
monitor who will oversee KPMG's compliance with the deferred prosecution
agreement for a three-year period; and its full and truthful cooperation in the
pending criminal investigation, including the voluntary provision of information
and documents.

Richard Breeden, former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman, has been
appointed to serve as the independent monitor. After his duties end, the IRS
will monitor KPMG's tax practice and adherence to elevated standards for two
years.

Should KPMG violate the agreement, it may be prosecuted for the charged
conspiracy, or the government may extend the period of deferral and/or the
monitorship.

"[These] actions demonstrate our resolve to hold accountable those who play fast
and loose with the tax code," said IRS Commissioner Mark Everson. "At some point
such conduct passes from clever accounting and lawyering to theft from the
people. We simply can't tolerate flagrant abuse of the law and of professional
obligations by tax practitioners, particularly those associated with so-called
blue chip firms like KPMG, that by virtue of their prominence set the standard
of conduct for others. Accountants and attorneys should be the pillars of our
system of taxation, not the architects of its circumvention."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 6, 2009 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

PhillyDeals: Firm in probe linked to White-Kemp case

BYLINE: By Joseph N. DiStefano; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 677 words


Simmering federal investigations into the ways states and towns borrow money
claimed a high-profile target when New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson excused
himself from President-elect Barack Obama's cabinet.

Richardson blamed FBI and grand-jury probes into how a bond adviser that gave
money to Richardson-backed voter-registration efforts was awarded state
business. He said he didn't want to delay the commerce secretary confirmation
process or to embarrass Obama.

The governor denies wrongdoing. So does the firm, CDR Financial Products, which
has offices in Beverly Hills, suburban Atlanta and Philadelphia.

CDR is in a business that has drawn a lot of federal scrutiny, Bloomberg News
reported yesterday. Among other probes, Bloomberg said, "the FBI searched CDR's
offices two years ago as part of a nationwide investigation into whether banks
and advisers conspired to overcharge local governments."

CDR is familiar to political Philadelphia because the firm gave the late lawyer
and Democratic fund-raiser Ron White tickets to the 2003 Super Bowl in San
Diego, plus limo service, while it was trying to get hired for a city job. White
brought then-City Treasurer Corey Kemp to the game, according to the federal
indictment against White and Kemp a year later. CDR has said that it was
cooperating with the government and that it hadn't been accused of wrongdoing. I
called CDR President David Rubin to ask why the government kept looking into his
clients. He referred me to his Washington lawyer, who was too busy to talk.

Hedged Philly bet Hedge-fund manager John Paulson (no relation to Treasury
Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr.) made billions for his clients betting against
subprime mortgage lenders.

His fund also made a big bet on Philadelphia chemical-maker Rohm & Haas, which
is trying to close its sale to Dow Chemical Co.

Paulson & Company bought 15 million shares last summer, the company told the
Securities and Exchange Commission on Nov. 14. As of that date, the investment
was worth $1.05 billion, making Rohm & Haas Paulson's second-biggest holding,
behind another takeover play, Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc.

The value of those Rohm & Haas shares has since slipped $100 million, on fears
the Dow deal lost value last month after the government of Kuwait ended a
proposed joint venture with Dow.

Merger arbitrage is a tough business. Did Paulson figure out a way to profit as
the deal environment headed south? Did he get stuck? "We don't comment on
specific portfolio positions," said spokesman Armel Leslie. Maybe we'll learn
more when Paulson reports its holdings again next month.

Biden party Supporters of Vice President-elect Joseph R. Biden Jr., longtime
U.S. senator from Delaware, will celebrate at a Jan. 18 Inaugural Breakfast in
Washington.

Sponsors include Biden's son Hunter, who has been a lawyer, lobbyist and
hedge-fund officer; Hunter's wife, Kathleen; Eric Schwerin, one of young Biden's
former law partners; Hunter's childhood friend Wayne Kimmel, of West
Conshohocken-based ETF Venture Funds (an investor in, among other things,
Philadelphia Media, which owns The Inquirer and Philly.com); his wife, Kimberly
Kimmel; and ETF partner Tony Bifano and his wife, Teuta.

"It's just a private event for friends and family," said Bifano, "and a lot of
people who've supported Joe along the way."

Not recession-priced Would you pay $10,000 for one year's use of a small, heavy
two-seater car that has to be plugged in and charged every 120 miles?

BMW will lease 250 of its new (Austin Cooper) Mini Es in Southern California and
200 in metropolitan New York and New Jersey by March. Applicants - who will pay
$850 a month (insurance included, but not towing) for the zero-emissions car for
one year - are outnumbering the models available 4-1, according to the
Munich-based carmaker, Bloomberg reports.

PhillyDeals:

Connections

White-Kemp case surfaces in inquiry involving New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson
and CDR Financial Products. PhillyDeals, C3.

Contact staff writer Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5194 or
jdistefano@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 9, 2001 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CREDIT SUISSE, IN THE HOT SEAT, DENIES WRONGDOING

BYLINE: TIA O'BRIEN, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 478 words


Credit Suisse First Boston, a Wall Street investment bank with a high-powered
Silicon Valley presence, is the initial focal point of an industrywide probe
into how investment banks allocated shares of hot initial public offerings
during the frenzied dot-com stock market.

While several major Wall Street firms have received requests for documents from
federal investigators, only Credit Suisse and six of its East Coast employees in
sales and trading so far have received notices from the National Association of
Securities Dealers warning that they may have violated securities regulations.
Credit Suisse and the employees have denied wrongdoing.

People close to Credit Suisse and familiar with the case say the allegations
involve taking unusually large commissions from clients in return for hot IPO
shares.

Credit Suisse insists that none of its East Coast employees has done anything
wrong.

However, last month, the bank fired three brokers in its San Francisco office
for technology private-client services, known as Tech PCS. Credit Suisse sources
say the West Coast brokers were demanding excessive commissions from hedge-fund
clients. None of the fired brokers has been cited for wrongdoing by the NASD.

The brokers deny doing anything wrong. Their lawyers say the three men were
unfairly singled out and had followed company practices. They had worked closely
with the technology investment group run by Credit Suisse's star investment
banker, Frank Quattrone, in Palo Alto.

The three fired brokers are: John Schmidt, the senior broker in charge of Tech
PCS who reported to both Quattrone in Palo Alto and Andrew Benjamin, one of the
New York executives given a NASD warning notice; senior broker Michael Grunwald;
and junior broker Scott Bushley, who both reported to Schmidt.

The San Francisco PCS office was set up to service the best clients from
Quattrone's tech group -- including wealthy individuals such as chief executives
of tech companies.

Quattrone enjoyed unusual autonomy over his tech group, virtually running a firm
within a firm. However, bank executives stress that under a reporting structure
drawn up when Quattrone joined the bank, he has no oversight responsibility for
any practices under investigation.

Even though one of the fired brokers, Schmidt, reported jointly toQuattrone and
Benjamin, bank officials say it was Benjamin who oversaw daily brokerage
activity, commissions and IPO allocations. Recently, Credit Suisse changed the
line of command and the tech PCS brokers no longer report at all to Quattrone.

Credit Suisse says an internal review shows any irregularities were limited to
the three fired brokers.

Probes by the NASD and the Securities and Exchange Commission are continuing.
The SEC is working with the U.S. attorney in New York which has been calling
witnesses before a grand jury.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RELATED STORY: Page 1A

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  February 29, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

BUSINESS IN BRIEF;
$ 100 bill to get $ 31.7 million PR push

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 03G

LENGTH: 739 words


The Treasury Department is planning a multimillion-dollar push to educate
bankers and investors worldwide about the new $ 100 bill and other redesigned
currency.

The campaign includes a contract with a private public relations firm for up to
$ 31.7 million.

In the next few weeks, the Treasury will roll out its new $ 100 bill with
enhanced anti-counterfeiting features and a larger portrait of Ben Franklin.

Seeking to avoid international confusion and concern, the Treasury is going all
out to flack the new greenback to assure the world that both the old and new
U.S. currency remains valid or will not be devalued.

Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin
appear in a new training video for bankers, now translated into Arabic, Japanese
and eight other languages.

Treasury officials say a major PR campaign is necessary because of the
greenback's global reach. Roughly two-thirds of the $ 380 billion of U.S.
currency in circulation is held overseas, according to the Federal Reserve. A
loss of confidence in the U.S. dollar or fears that it would be devalued could
have disastrous consequences to U.S. foreign policy and domestic economy.

ATLANTA

BELLSOUTH BID: A group including BellSouth Corp. said Wednesday it formally
filed a bid to offer an international telecommunications service in Israel, in
competition with Bezeq, the state-controlled company. The group, which calls
itself Dolphin International Telecommunications, submitted its tender to
Israel's Ministry of Telecommunications. BellSouth holds a 26 percent stake in
the venture.

GEORGIA GULF SALE: Georgia Gulf Corp. said Wednesday it is selling its emulsion
resin business and Delaware City, Del., plant as part of a move to concentrate
on U.S. resin sales. Atlanta-based Georgia Gulf is selling the emulsion resin
business to two Japanese-based chemical companies, Osaka-based Kaneka Corp. and
Tokyo-based Mitsui & Co., for an undisclosed price.The plant employs fewer than
100 people, said Will Hinson, a Georgia Gulf spokesman.

THE NATION

DAIWA SETTLEMENT: Daiwa Bank Ltd. of Japan settled one of history's biggest bank
frauds, pleading guilty to an illicit coverup of $ 1.1 billion in losses and
pyaing a $ 340 million fine, a record for a U.S. criminal case. The plea deal
reached Wednesday in Manhattan federal court ends a wrenching financial scandal
that aggravated Japanese-U.S. relations and reflected what prosecutors called
brazen disregard for American laws by a foreign bank.

ORGANIZED CRIME: Government officials say organized crime in the banking system
has reached the point where it is raising national security and foreign policy
concerns. Money laundering now moves as much as $ 500 billion through the system
annually, witnesses told a House panel Wednesday. Money laundering,
counterfeiting and credit card scams can't be considered "white collar" crimes
any longer because they're being used by organized criminal groups to support
drug dealing, illegal arms trafficking and murder, said Rep. Jim Leach, (R-Iowa)
chairman of the House Banking Committee.

5-YEAR NOTES: Yields on five-year Treasury notes rose in Wednesday's auction to
the highest level since last October. The high yield was 5.68 percent, up from
5.36 percent at the last auction on Jan. 24. The notes will carry a coupon
interest rate of 5.63 percent with each $ 10,000 in face value selling for $
9,976.30.

ALSO NOTEWORTHY

Delta Air Lines Inc. said it will keep its reservations operations in Los
Angeles after an amendment to its lease was approved by the airport's board of
commissioners....Augusta-based Merry Land & Investment Co. Inc. has closed the
purchase of 57 acres at Satellite Boulevard across from Gwinnett Place mall for
$ 3.5 million. ... Shaw Industries Inc. has completed the acquisition of
Burlingame, Calif.-based Pacific International Contract Inc., which provides
commercial flooring products and services. Terms were not disclosed. ...
Atlanta-based Southern Electronics Distributors Inc. has signed an agreement
with Sceptre Technologies Inc. of California to distribute monitors, LCD flat
panel displays, notebook computers and portable accessories. Terms were not
disclosed. ... Kiwi International Air Lines is offering a $ 96 one-way sale to
any city the airline flies, but tickets must be purchased on Leap Day, Feb. 29,
and travel must be completed by May 15.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Uncertainty surrounds Rangers, Rays;
More questions, few answers after late trades

BYLINE: Gabe Lacques, @GabeLacques, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 1039 words


Though some appealing free agents remain available, the offseason's heavy
lifting has been done and major league teams are looking ahead to the beginning
of spring training in less than three weeks.

USA TODAY Sports' Gabe Lacques examines which teams didn't help themselves
enough during the winter:

Texas  Rangers

Going away: 1B Mitch Moreland, LHP Derek Holland, DH Carlos Beltran, RHP Colby
Lewis

Coming back: OF Carlos Gomez, OF Josh Hamilton

New blood: RHP Andrew Cashner, 1B James Loney, RHP Dillon Gee

Winter wrongdoing: For a team coming off 95 wins and consecutive American League
West titles, the Rangers have lots of maybes and question marks. Most notably, a
rotation headed by Yu Darvish and Cole Hamels drops off significantly
thereafter. Lefty Martin Perez finally cracked the 30-start mark in 2016, though
he posted a 4.39 ERA in doing so. The final two spots will be manned by some
combo of A.J. Griffin, Andrew Cashner and Tyson Ross, all of whom were
ineffective or injured last season. Ross has ace-level stuff but won't be ready
until at least May after surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome. While a reunion
with Mike Napoli remains a possibility, the lineup has similar questions: Can
Gomez sustain his Arlington revival for a full season as leadoff man? Can
Jurickson Profar make it all the way back and hit with enough power to hold down
first base? Will Joey Gallo -- just 23 -- ever stop striking out? In fairness,
two of their late-season acquisitions -- catcher Jonathan Lucroy and reliever
Jeremy Jeffress -- were almost like offseason moves that happened in August. But
it still doesn't seem like enough.

Tampa Bay Rays

Going away: 2B Logan Forsythe, LHP Drew Smyly, C Curt Casali, 1B Logan Morrison,
OF Mikie Mahtook

New blood: RHP Jose DeLeon, C Wilson Ramos, OF Mallex Smith, OF Colby Rasmus,
RHP Shawn Tolleson, OF Jason Coats, LHP Ryan Yarbrough

Winter wrongdoing: The Rays operate differently than all of their major league
brethren -- partly by circumstance, partly by choice -- and they might yet
emerge from another big winter churn with a superior future core, particularly
if Smith and Yarbrough pan out in the deal with Seattle for Smyly. But the late
trade of Forsythe for DeLeon again moves the goalposts on when the club might
actually play for today. It's a classic Rays move -- gaining six years of
control, a minimum salary and a potential rotation cog in DeLeon for two years
of Forsythe, who slammed 20 homers last year. Veterans such as Evan Longoria
were stung by the move, and it only serves to sow doubt in any player with more
than three years' service time that they, too, might be packing bags. As for
DeLeon, keep in mind he's never pitched more than 114 innings in a pro season,
meaning it's likely two years before he's a fully serviceable  starter. By then,
who else will be gone?

Chicago Cubs

Going away: CF Dexter Fowler, LHP Aroldis Chapman, C David Ross, OF Jorge Soler,
RHP Jason Hammel, LHP Travis Wood

New blood: RHP Wade Davis, CF Jon Jay, LHP Brett Anderson, RHP Koji Uehara, LHP
Brian Duensing

Winter wrongdoing: Hey, even the Mona Lisa isn't flawless. Certainly, most of
the defending World Series champion's moves were spot-on -- particularly that
maroon jacket first baseman Anthony Rizzo wore to the White House. Davis was the
only elite closer available who didn't require an investment of at least
$60million. Jay and Albert Almora Jr. will team with Jason Heyward for an
excellent look defensively, though they won't replace Fowler's production. This
looks like a super team, but Chicago could have been more proactive with the
back end of its rotation. John Lackey will be 38. Newly acquired lefty Brett
Anderson has had one 30-start season in his last seven. Meanwhile, Jake Arrieta
will be a free agent after the season. Mike Montgomery is probably best served
in that swing role he played  in the playoffs. Not that the Cubs needed to make
a huge splash, but rotation depth remains the soul of a club. Strangely, they
are a bit lacking in that department.

Detroit Tigers

Going away: OF Cameron Maybin

Coming back: C Alex Avila

New blood: OF Mikie Mahtook, LHP Daniel Stumpf

Winter wrongdoing: Just because the Tigers have sworn off big-money deals
doesn't mean they had to gut the roster, and there's gains to be made internally
for a team coming off an 86-win season -- notably, better health from starter
Jordan Zimmermann and another step forward from lefty Daniel Norris. That would
give them a strong rotation with Justin Verlander and Michael Fulmer, along with
an offense that finished third in the AL in slugging. Yet this offseason seems
like a lost opportunity to retrench, possibly by pairing desirable players with
more toxic assets. Ian Kinsler's 10-team no-trade clause certainly crimped
general manager Al Avila's ability to do just that. Instead, they're likely to
see slugger J.D. Martinez walk after this season or fetch an inferior return at
the trade deadline, and they're still saddled with DH Victor Martinez (due
$36million through 2018) and starter Anibal Sanchez ($21.8 million). Keeping the
core together might result in a playoff team. If they fall short, everyone will
be a year older and the minor league system will still be lacking.

Minnesota Twins

Going away: 3B Trevor Plouffe, C Kurt Suzuki

New blood: C Jason Castro, RHP Justin Haley, C Chris Gimenez, OF J.B. Shuck, RHP
Ryan Vogelsong

Winter wrongdoing: Brian Dozier turns 30 in May, has averaged 134 strikeouts in
his four full major league seasons and is a lifetime .246 hitter. Oh, he also
slugged 42 homers -- an AL record 40 as a second baseman -- in 2016. Combine
those assessments, and it's not a leap to say his trade value reached its peak
this winter -- particularly given that he's due just $15million for the next two
seasons. We can't fault the Twins for rejecting low-ball offers, particularly
since he's the most marketable player on a team that lost 103 games. Yet it will
be interesting if the team's new front office will kick itself for losing out on
DeLeon when they and the Los Angeles Dodgers couldn't agree on complementary
pieces. Dozier was their best asset, and now he might start to depreciate, and
the Twins figure to take it on the chin again in the AL Central.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo David Richard, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Nantz loses some credibility with 'non-story' comment

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 549 words


The recent reaction to the Dec. 29 report by Al Jazeera America that HGH was
delivered to Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning has been interesting.

Several other well-known athletes also were implicated: former New York Yankee
Derek Jeter, Green Bay Packers linebacker Clay Matthews, former Bears defensive
end Julius Peppers, Philadelphia first baseman Ryan Howard and Washington first
baseman Ryan Zimmerman, to name a few.

NFL representatives, aided by the mainstream media, have been somewhat
successful in dismissing any wrongdoing by Manning, saying he did not have a
connection to the Guyer Institute in Dyer, Indiana, even though Manning did
visit the clinic in 2011 when he was recovering from neck surgeries.

The clinic has stated that the claims involving Manning and HGH are false.

I don't know what the truth is regarding HGH and Manning, but my problem isn't
whether he did or didn't get a delivery. My complaint is with how the story has
or hasn't been covered.

The story was notable because of the prominence of the individuals involved.

Howard and Zimmerman are suing the publication that printed the accusations,
which in my world goes a long way in making me believe they are innocent of any
wrongdoing.

Manning says he will address the situation in more detail after the football
season is over. His vehement comments before Sunday's NFL games showed him
red-faced and angry, as he proclaimed his innocence.

But the attitude of many in the media over the story -- or non-story, as they
see it -- leads me to believe there is a cover-up.

Jim Nantz, a CBS announcer, and Phil Simms, the former New York Giants
quarterback and CBS commentator, didn't address the Manning situation during the
Broncos-Charger game Sunday. Nantz appeared earlier in the week on WFAN in New
York with Mike Francesa saying it was a non-story and didn't want to add layers.

Shame on you, my friend. Francesa should have followed up and pushed the issue,
but he quickly forgot about it.

Listen, it's cool for Manning and Nantz to be friends; they share the same
agent, Sandy Montag, and have done Papa Johns and Sony commercials together. But
all Nantz had to do was acknowledge the story and then simply move on.

Saying it is a non-story was a mistake. I think Nantz's credibility and
integrity are in question by ignoring the story. It's not his decision to decide
if it's a story. He should give the people the facts and let them decide.

I can't help but ask if the boxes in question were delivered to Tom Brady, Ben
Roethlisberger, Drew Brees or any other big-name QBs would it have been a story?

Oh, yeah! This is a cover-up of maybe very little, but to not even discuss it --
when Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel spins a record at a nightclub
and it's big news -- I have to disagree with Nantz.

Credibility is an important thing in this world, and right now Nantz has none.
Stay tuned!

Program notes:

Follow me on Twitter@ north2north, and listen to Fox Sports Daybreak with Andy
Furman and myself from 5-8 a.m. Monday through Friday on Fox Sports radio, and
check me out on iHeart radio or Foxsportsradio.com.

* North's column appears each Tuesday and Friday in the Daily Herald, and his
video commentary can be found Monday, Wednesday and Thursday at dailyherald.com.
For more, visit northtonorth.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning has denounced Al
Jazeera America reports that he took a human growth hormone, and CBS' Jim Nantz
has called it a "non-story." Al Jazeera's reporter, meanwhile, says he had a
second source confirm allegations involving Manning.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 June 10, 2002

Nevada Supreme Court Says Consent To Search Is Not Voluntary; Evidence
Suppressed

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 268  words


Where a defendant consented to a search after police threatened to stay in her
motel room until a search warrant was obtained - but there were no valid grounds
for a warrant - her consent is not voluntary and drugs found must be suppressed,
the Nevada Supreme Court has ruled.

The police received an anonymous tip that the defendant was selling drugs out of
a motel room. Officers went to the motel room and asked the defendant if they
could search it. The defendant refused, but changed her mind when the officers
said they would stay in the room and wait for a search warrant. At that point,
the police had not seen any evidence of wrongdoing.

During the search, drugs and drug paraphernalia were found.

The defendant argued that the evidence should be suppressed because her consent
to search was not voluntary.

The court agreed.

"The most important circumstance that vitiates consent here is the officers'
declaration that they would remain in the motel room while another officer
sought a warrant. When the officers made this declaration, they had not
uncovered any evidence of wrongdoing by [the defendant]. The only basis they had
to suspect the existence of criminal activity was the anonymous tip...[T]his tip
did not provide probable cause for securing the room and detaining [the
defendant.] Therefore, the seizure of the room and [the defendant] was unlawful
and rendered the consent obtainedinvoluntary. "

The court cited similar rulings from the 9th Circuit and from state courts in
Montana and Washington.

McMorran v. State (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9923318) Nevada Supreme Court No.
36618. May 17, 2002.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Viral video showed a woman censuring two distinct customers at the Jefferson
Mall.

LENGTH: 410  words


A few people remained by watching the assault happen. For Edcaurdo Mansilla,
that is the most exceedingly bad part.

It happened in the JCPenny on Dec. 20, and the video detonated online overnight.

"This is a terrible course of direct by this person. It`s a humiliation to this
city and a shame to everybody who lives here," O`Connell said.

More than a humiliation, O`Connell said it could be a wrongdoing. The words
being so solid, they could possibly ascend to the level constituting badgering.

"It could likewise be improved or took a gander at by a judge as the reason for
a detest wrongdoing," O` Connell said.

"It`s disillusioning in light of the fact that Louisville is a brilliant city
and a city of empathy," Mansilla said.

As the Executive Director of the Americana Community Center, Mansilla works with
several outsiders consistently. He said respect is one of the middle`s
establishments, and experiences like these separate that.

Mansilla moved to the US decades back. He`s been running the Americana Community
Center since 1993. He said these sorts of verbal assaults are based off of a
certain somethingnumbness.

"There are such a large number of things in movement law that the overall
population don`t know about, and I don`t anticipate that them will be
specialists, yet at any rate know your realities before you make your remarks,"
he said.

Mansilla said the lady`s remarks in regards to welfare and charges are the
absolute most basic assaults.

"You`re no one, to the extent I`m concerned. You`re most likely on welfare. The
citizens most likely paid for all that stuff", the lady is heard saying in the
video.

Presently, Mansilla is requesting that group individuals consider this message
before talking against settlers.

"We are people like you. We have two eyes, one nose, one mouth, two ears. We are
here for various reasons yet we are here. What`s more, coincidentally, we are
digging in for the long haul," he said.

Chairman Greg Fischer likewise stood up about the episode. He discharged an
announcement that peruses to some degree: "This is not our identity, and for the
benefit of our group, I apologize to the two ladies who were dealt with in such
a loathsome way."

City pioneers are standing up after a viral video demonstrated a lady
criticizing two different clients at the Jefferson Mall.

"It`s miserable. It`s pitiful, unfortunate this would happen in this group,"
Jefferson County Attorney Mike O`Connell said. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Selected sex blameworthy gathering was sentenced to 25 years in prison

LENGTH: 256  words


William Tyler Thomas, 21, moved toward a 12-year-old kid in December 2014 and
offered to perform oral sex in return for cash and conceded to first-degree
criminal sexual lead with a minor and criminal sales of a minor.

Subsequent to holding out of prison on the sales charge, Thomas improperly
touched a 6-year-old young lady on various events in February of 2015 at a
Woodruff-territory home.

He is enrolled sex guilty party was sentenced Wednesday to 25 years in jail for
sex wrongdoings against two youngsters.

Thomas admitted the wrongdoing to a specialist and the casualty certified what
had happened amid a criminological meeting at the Children`s Advocacy Center.

At the season of Thomas` capture in Spartanburg County, the exceptional
casualties` unit cautioned general society that over the span of the
examination, it was claimed that Thomas had been hanging out at the transport
stop.

Thomas` earlier criminal record incorporates two sex offense charges in
Tennessee that were attempted in adolescent court.

Thomas turned into an enrolled sex wrongdoer in the wake of being indicted two
include of assault association with a strike on a 6-year-old young lady in
Tennessee in 2013, as indicated by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division
Offender Watch. That case was attempted in adolescent court.

Thomas will be required to serve 85 percent of his sentence before he is
qualified for parole. He will be 42 years of age.

The casualty`s mom reported the episode to the Spartanburg County Sheriff`s
Office. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

Friday Readers' Forum

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 401 words


'Priceless' powerIJ columnist Dick Spotswood and the Marin County Civil Grand
Jury are dead wrong.

Measure B takes away the power of the people to remove the county
auditor-controller and treasurer-tax collector whenever there might be hints of
wrongdoing or gross error.

By consolidating administrative power under the county administrator and board
of supervisors, the public loses any chance of redress of public wrongdoing,
except by recall of a supervisor which is virtually impossible.

The cost of retaining these elected positions, as they are, is a reasonable
price to pay for the watchdog roles they play for the people.

The efficiency argument offered by Spotswood and our county civil grand jury is
also a small benefit, as well as the small amount of money saved.

The power of the people to control government is priceless.

Basia Crane, Kentfield, vice chair, Marin United Taxpayers AssociationEucalyptus
pose a threatI was thrilled to see Catherine Way's letter regarding the fire
threat of eucalyptus trees. I concur with her assessment of the non-native,
aggressive hazards-waiting-to-happen species.

I'd like to add that not only are they a fire hazard, they are also shallow
rooted and can topple over on one's home during a mudslide or wind storm. And to
make matters worse, these trees are gross polluters, they poison the ground
around them to the point where other plant life can't grow under their drip
zone.

They are constantly shedding their branches, bark and acorns at such a rate that
it is almost impossible to keep their debris at bay.

I, too, would like to see the county and the cities of Marin get serious about
these horrible trees. We need to clear the county of eucalyptus trees, before
they cause harm to our property and more importantly, our lives.

Jennifer Hewitt, San Rafael'Frightening' judgmentThe problem with Sarah Palin is
not Sarah Palin. The problem is that other self-described maverick, John McCain.

Gov. Palin is a talented, dedicated, hard-working woman who is doing her best.
She's a far cry from being vice presidential material, but that's not her fault.
The problem is Sen. McCain's lack of judgment in choosing her.

Mavericks may show independent creativity, but they can also exhibit impulsive
recklessness. John McCain's choice of Sarah Palin qualifies as the latter. It's
frightening to imagine a president with such unstable judgment.

John Steinhelber, Fairfax

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

High court calls for inquiry

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1053 words


By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

In what may be an unprecedented move, the chief justice of the Kansas Supreme
Court on Monday asked a judicial watchdog group to investigate possible
wrongdoing of a member of her own court.

Chief Justice Kay McFarland asked the Kansas Commission on Judicial
Qualifications to look into whether Justice Lawton Nuss "has engaged in
inappropriate communications with members of the Legislature" about a major
school finance lawsuit, the justice wrote in a letter to the commission.

If wrongdoing is found, the 14-member panel could take a range of actions
against the justice -- from admonishment to a recommendation that Nuss be thrown
off the bench.

"Due to the seriousness of these allegations, I urge the commission to conduct a
thorough investigation as expeditiously as possible," McFarland wrote.

Nuss last week recused himself from further deliberations in a landmark school
funding lawsuit after admitting he talked about the case during a lunch last
month with Senate President Steve Morris, R-Hugoton. The revelation from the
court set off a firestorm of action -- and anger -- in the other two branches of
government.

Already, investigators from Attorney General Phill Kline's office had
interviewed at least five senators about Nuss' contact with the Legislature.

On Monday, in her first statement after Nuss' recusal, Gov. Kathleen Sebelius
said she was glad to see McFarland take action.

"Personally, I'm shocked and angry with Justice Nuss' inappropriate actions in
this matter and appreciate the prompt response of Justice McFarland calling for
an immediate investigation," Sebelius said.

House Speaker Doug Mays, R-Topeka, said he still is considering creating a
special committee to investigate Nuss. He said the investigation by the
Commission on Judicial Qualifications, which would occur behind closed doors,
likely won't be enough to satisfy all lawmakers that Nuss' conversation with
Morris was an isolated one.

"(Some) will be afraid of a whitewash," Mays said.

Conservative Republicans long have suspected secret communications have been
ongoing between the court and the Sebelius administration, whose former chief of
staff, Joyce Allegrucci, is married to Supreme Court Justice Donald Allegrucci.

No allegations have been proved, however.

It is thought to be the first time a high court justice has come under scrutiny
by the Commission on Judicial Qualifications.

"It hasn't been done for 25 years, I can tell you that with certainty," said
longtime court spokesman Ron Keefover, who delivered the news as Nuss was
hearing oral arguments on Monday.

After inquiries by The Topeka Capital-Journal last week about possible
extracurricular communication between the court and the Legislature, Nuss
admitted to other justices he had talked about the case during a March 1 lunch
with Morris and Sen. Pete Brungardt, R-Salina.

The Legislature had been scrambling to meet high court demands for more school
funding.

According to the court, Nuss said he discussed with the senators a spreadsheet
he had produced comparing a pair of education cost studies to a bill that had
been drafted by House leaders. But Nuss denied talking about what amount of
school funding would be suitable to him or to the court.

But speculation swirled in the Statehouse that Morris was given direction that
school finance legislation must extend years into the future and get votes from
Democratic lawmakers.

Morris and Brungardt have denied the conversation was that detailed. However,
Morris said Nuss seemed to like the idea of a school finance plan passing with
bipartisan support.

Morris declined to comment on the likely judicial investigation into Nuss.

Keefover said Nuss would continue hearing cases during the investigation.

He said the Commission on Judicial Qualifications, which consists of six judges,
four attorneys and four non-attorneys, meets May 5, when it will decide its
course of action. The group has subpoena power.

If the commission decides Nuss violated his office, it could admonish him or
issue a cease and desist order.

The commission also could recommend to the Kansas Supreme Court that Nuss face
public censure, be suspended from the bench temporarily or be removed from the
high court. In that case, Nuss' six colleagues on the high court would have to
determine what punishment he would face.

Keefover said he was unaware of a Supreme Court justice ever facing public
discipline.

Meanwhile, lawmakers are preparing to return to the Statehouse on Wednesday for
their annual wrap-up session, where they will try to finish a range of issues --
from creating tougher penalties for sex predators to passing a school finance
bill to please the Supreme Court.

Most say the final session, which will last at least several days, will be
anything but normal after the flap at the court. But they differed on how much
the Legislature should get involved.

"What we've got to do is pass a budget and solve the school finance debate --
then address this other stuff," said House Minority Leader Dennis McKinney,
D-Greensburg. "Let's not get distracted."

But Sen. Karin Brownlee, R-Olathe, said that wasn't possible.

"This has kind of made everything else inconsequential," she said. "It involves
the very foundational structure of our government. If we don't have separation
of powers, we are on a very precarious course."

She advocated for a legislative investigation into whether either the
legislators or the governor's office had discussions about school finance with
the court.

Nicole Corcoran, a spokeswoman for Sebelius, said no one from the governor's
office has talked to anyone from the court about school funding.

"I'm 100 percent sure -- no," Corcoran said.

In her statement, Sebelius said the Legislature should "make sure we don't let
this issue get in the way of the very important work before us: making sure
every Kansas child receives a quality education to prepare them for the future."

Sen. John Vratil, R-Leawood, applauded McFarland's request for an investigation,
saying that is better than an investigative committee being established by the
House, "which they have no business doing."

But he said it won't satisfy everyone in the Legislature.

"It won't quiet the clamor of those who are conspiracy theorists," he said.

Chris Moon can be reached at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

High court calls for inquiry

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1053 words


By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

In what may be an unprecedented move, the chief justice of the Kansas Supreme
Court on Monday asked a judicial watchdog group to investigate possible
wrongdoing of a member of her own court.

Chief Justice Kay McFarland asked the Kansas Commission on Judicial
Qualifications to look into whether Justice Lawton Nuss "has engaged in
inappropriate communications with members of the Legislature" about a major
school finance lawsuit, the justice wrote in a letter to the commission.

If wrongdoing is found, the 14-member panel could take a range of actions
against the justice -- from admonishment to a recommendation that Nuss be thrown
off the bench.

"Due to the seriousness of these allegations, I urge the commission to conduct a
thorough investigation as expeditiously as possible," McFarland wrote.

Nuss last week recused himself from further deliberations in a landmark school
funding lawsuit after admitting he talked about the case during a lunch last
month with Senate President Steve Morris, R-Hugoton. The revelation from the
court set off a firestorm of action -- and anger -- in the other two branches of
government.

Already, investigators from Attorney General Phill Kline's office had
interviewed at least five senators about Nuss' contact with the Legislature.

On Monday, in her first statement after Nuss' recusal, Gov. Kathleen Sebelius
said she was glad to see McFarland take action.

"Personally, I'm shocked and angry with Justice Nuss' inappropriate actions in
this matter and appreciate the prompt response of Justice McFarland calling for
an immediate investigation," Sebelius said.

House Speaker Doug Mays, R-Topeka, said he still is considering creating a
special committee to investigate Nuss. He said the investigation by the
Commission on Judicial Qualifications, which would occur behind closed doors,
likely won't be enough to satisfy all lawmakers that Nuss' conversation with
Morris was an isolated one.

"(Some) will be afraid of a whitewash," Mays said.

Conservative Republicans long have suspected secret communications have been
ongoing between the court and the Sebelius administration, whose former chief of
staff, Joyce Allegrucci, is married to Supreme Court Justice Donald Allegrucci.

No allegations have been proved, however.

It is thought to be the first time a high court justice has come under scrutiny
by the Commission on Judicial Qualifications.

"It hasn't been done for 25 years, I can tell you that with certainty," said
longtime court spokesman Ron Keefover, who delivered the news as Nuss was
hearing oral arguments on Monday.

After inquiries by The Topeka Capital-Journal last week about possible
extracurricular communication between the court and the Legislature, Nuss
admitted to other justices he had talked about the case during a March 1 lunch
with Morris and Sen. Pete Brungardt, R-Salina.

The Legislature had been scrambling to meet high court demands for more school
funding.

According to the court, Nuss said he discussed with the senators a spreadsheet
he had produced comparing a pair of education cost studies to a bill that had
been drafted by House leaders. But Nuss denied talking about what amount of
school funding would be suitable to him or to the court.

But speculation swirled in the Statehouse that Morris was given direction that
school finance legislation must extend years into the future and get votes from
Democratic lawmakers.

Morris and Brungardt have denied the conversation was that detailed. However,
Morris said Nuss seemed to like the idea of a school finance plan passing with
bipartisan support.

Morris declined to comment on the likely judicial investigation into Nuss.

Keefover said Nuss would continue hearing cases during the investigation.

He said the Commission on Judicial Qualifications, which consists of six judges,
four attorneys and four non-attorneys, meets May 5, when it will decide its
course of action. The group has subpoena power.

If the commission decides Nuss violated his office, it could admonish him or
issue a cease and desist order.

The commission also could recommend to the Kansas Supreme Court that Nuss face
public censure, be suspended from the bench temporarily or be removed from the
high court. In that case, Nuss' six colleagues on the high court would have to
determine what punishment he would face.

Keefover said he was unaware of a Supreme Court justice ever facing public
discipline.

Meanwhile, lawmakers are preparing to return to the Statehouse on Wednesday for
their annual wrap-up session, where they will try to finish a range of issues --
from creating tougher penalties for sex predators to passing a school finance
bill to please the Supreme Court.

Most say the final session, which will last at least several days, will be
anything but normal after the flap at the court. But they differed on how much
the Legislature should get involved.

"What we've got to do is pass a budget and solve the school finance debate --
then address this other stuff," said House Minority Leader Dennis McKinney,
D-Greensburg. "Let's not get distracted."

But Sen. Karin Brownlee, R-Olathe, said that wasn't possible.

"This has kind of made everything else inconsequential," she said. "It involves
the very foundational structure of our government. If we don't have separation
of powers, we are on a very precarious course."

She advocated for a legislative investigation into whether either the
legislators or the governor's office had discussions about school finance with
the court.

Nicole Corcoran, a spokeswoman for Sebelius, said no one from the governor's
office has talked to anyone from the court about school funding.

"I'm 100 percent sure -- no," Corcoran said.

In her statement, Sebelius said the Legislature should "make sure we don't let
this issue get in the way of the very important work before us: making sure
every Kansas child receives a quality education to prepare them for the future."

Sen. John Vratil, R-Leawood, applauded McFarland's request for an investigation,
saying that is better than an investigative committee being established by the
House, "which they have no business doing."

But he said it won't satisfy everyone in the Legislature.

"It won't quiet the clamor of those who are conspiracy theorists," he said.

Chris Moon can be reached at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 1, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

Andersen conviction overturned;
Defunct accounting firm wins Enron case ruling

BYLINE: BOB DART

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1C;

LENGTH: 1026 words


Washington --- In what could only be viewed as a symbolic victory for accounting
firm Arthur Andersen, the Supreme Court on Tuesday overturned the company's
conviction for destroying documents during the Enron scandal, saying the jury
had received improper instructions.

The unanimous ruling came too late to prevent the financial demise of Andersen,
where 28,000 employees lost their jobs after the Chicago-based accounting giant
became embroiled in the collapse of its client, Enron Corp.

Andersen was convicted of obstruction of justice in June 2002. Prosecutors
argued that an e-mail from a company attorney urging employees to destroy
documents "no longer useful" for an audit was an attempt to "corruptly persuade"
them to destroy evidence.

But Chief Justice William Rehnquist, writing for the court, said the
instructions given to the jury in the case were unfair to Andersen.

The jurors were wrongly told that the accounting firm could be found guilty even
if it "honestly and sincerely believed its conduct was lawful," he wrote.

The instructions "simply failed to convey the requisite consciousness of
wrongdoing," Rehnquist wrote. "The instructions also diluted the meaning of
'corruptly' so that it covered innocent conduct."

The Justice Department expressed disappointment with the Supreme Court's
decision in its first major Enron case but said prosecution had been warranted.

"The Justice Department's decision to charge Arthur Andersen was based at the
time on the determination that the substantial destruction of documents in
anticipation of an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission
violated the law," said acting Assistant Attorney General John Richter. "We
remain convinced that even the most powerful corporations have the
responsibility of adhering to the rule of law."

Richter said the agency would examine the ruling before deciding whether to
retry the case.

Arthur Andersen spokesman Patrick Dorton released a statement applauding the
ruling.

"We pursued an appeal of this case not because we believed Arthur Andersen could
be restored to its previous position, but because we had an obligation to set
the record straight and clear the good name of the 28,000 innocent people who
lost their jobs at the time of the indictment and tens of thousands of Andersen
alumni, as well as to help secure a fair resolution of the civil litigation
facing the firm," it said.

"We believe there was a rush to judgment," said Barry Melancon, president and
chief executive of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
"Unfortunately, as a result, thousands of innocent employees of Andersen lost
their jobs."

Dual role for Andersen

The case stems from the scandal surrounding the collapse of Enron, a Houston
natural gas pipeline operator that rapidly expanded into a multinational energy
conglomerate in the 1990s. The company was forced to disclose $1 billion in
losses and declare bankruptcy in 2001.

Investigators eventually dismantled a facade of phony financial transactions
that had allowed the company to meet Wall Street's expectations for high
revenues.

Andersen served both as Enron's public auditor --- certifying its legally
required financial statements --- and a consultant providing advice on
aggressive accounting methods. The head of Andersen's "engagement team" with
Enron was David Duncan, who later pleaded guilty to witness tampering in the
case.

Prosecutors said the Andersen memo urging that its "document retention policy"
be implemented in the face of impending government investigations effectively
ordered its employees to destroy documents before federal agents could get to
them. But Rehnquist said this was not necessarily illegal.

"Document retention policies, which are created in part to keep certain
information from getting into the hands of others, including the government, are
common in business," he wrote.

U.S. District Judge Melinda Harmon's instructions to a Houston jury "were flawed
in several respects" by not requiring the prosecutors to show that Andersen
employees knew they were acting improperly in destroying the Enron documents,
Rehnquist said.

The Washington Legal Foundation, which filed a brief supporting Andersen on
behalf of itself and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the case had been
closely watched by the business community.

The decision was "a stinging rebuke to the Department of Justice for its abusive
prosecutorial conduct," said Paul Kamenar, senior counsel for the group.

If the conviction had been upheld, businesses would have been subject to
criminal prosecution for merely failing to retain documents that might be
subject to future investigations by government agencies, he said.

Rusty Hardin, the Houston attorney who defended Andersen, called it a victory
for the legal system.

"Only in America would the highest court in the land hear arguments and make a
decision to correct a wrongful ruling in a case where the defendant has already
been executed," he said.

'A vindication'

The decision was also hailed by Andersen's former employees.

"This truly is a vindication," Eric North, a former assistant director of
recruiting, said in Atlanta. But he acknowledged that the ruling "is more of a
symbolic victory than anything else."

North was among the last to leave Andersen. He remembers the day --- May 21,
2002 --- when he left to join Deloitte & Touche as Southeast regional recruiting
manager. Now the director of student services at Georgia State University's
School of Accountancy, North said Andersen's employees never lost their pride in
the firm.

"As Andersen employees, we considered ourselves like the Marines --- the few,
the proud," North said. "I think this [ruling] just reinforces that pride."

Andersen alumni remain a tight-knit group, North said. He noted that Andersen's
office in Atlanta was the firm's third-largest, with some 1,500 people.

"We just had an Andersen reunion at the InterContinental Hotel in Buckhead two
weeks ago that was attended by over 400 people," North said.

--- Staff writer Robert Luke contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote that the jury instructions were
unfair.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 25, 1993, Thursday

FAYETTE VOICES READER'S LETTERS TELL US WHAT YOU THINK Support for hospital
board appreciated

BYLINE: MIKE BEARDEN, FAYETTEVILLE

SECTION: EXTRA; Section M; Page 6

LENGTH: 1063 words


On behalf of the Fayette Regional Hospital board of directors, I would like to
thank the many supportive Fayette County citizens who have helped with our
efforts to establish a top-quality hospital in our community.

When I accepted a position on the board of directors in 1992, some people
considered it unwise to become involved with an institution that did not yet
exist, one which had not even been approved for construction, one that faced
formidable opposition from other competing hospitals.

Since that time, Fayette Regional has received approval from the State Health
Planning Agency. Hundreds of Fayette Countians have become involved in helping
the board of directors in our efforts, working on community causes through the
Fayette Regional Hospital Community Advisory Council. And to underline our
commitment to our great county, we just broke ground on Fayette Family MedCare,
a primary care center offering family medical care for children and adults.

So while the hospital approval process is still in appeals, Fayette Regional
Hospital is making progress and supporting our county through the efforts of
local citizens. I and the rest of the board of directors are even more confident
than ever that Fayette Regional will be established, and we look forward to an
even greater, positive role for the institution and our local citizens for years
to come.

Once again, we appreciate your support.

Bush sons not running on their own merit

MARTITA VAN NESS, PEACHTREE CITY

Apparently both of George Bush's sons, George W. Bush and Jeb Bush, feel being
sons of a former president of the United States qualify them for running for
governor of the states of Texas and Florida.

If not, what possible qualifications do they possess, other than of exploiting
the family name for profit?

Both men have been alleged to being involved in questionable unethical conduct -
George W. Bush in business schemes in Kuwait after the Gulf War, and Neil in the
savings and loan scandal in Colorado.

I have faith that the electorate will not be so naive to endorse these two men
in indulging their political ambition.

Lawyers cause many of nation's problems

VIRGINIA FOWLER, PEACHTREE CITY

Crime is on the rise, divorce rates are going through the roof and lawsuits
abound. People are wondering what is happening to this country, what is the
cause of all of this?

The answer is simple. Lawyers. Think about this, America. A lawyer's bread and
butter is crime, divorce and lawsuits. Lawyers have created many laws but have
done away with justice. Hence, criminals are back on the streets creating more
crime and more profit for lawyers. More divorce means more settlements.

Last but not least is lawsuits. Turn on your TV or radio and your local law firm
is encouraging you to sue somebody. What business of any kind can you transact
without needing a lawyer?

If we had less crime, divorce, and lawsuits, lawyers would be out of a job.
Here's another scary thought: Who is presently running the government?

Welfare of children dumped on taxpayers

RAY HART, PEACHTREE CITY

In a Nov. 15 article about a suit filed against the Atlanta Housing Authority,
you cite the circumstances of a woman with three young children.

Although it is quite understandable that she desires a family, I find it
inexplicable that anyone would take it upon themselves to bring children into
the conditions described.

If this woman was taking on the responsibility for their support, the act would
be bad enough but it is apparent that she is simply dumping these children into
the laps of ordinary, taxpaying citizens, many of whom would love to have a
child but can't afford it.

I see a picture of her gazing at the dirty conditions outside her door -
conditions that can be quickly fixed with a broom and damp rag - however, she is
waiting for a cleaning man paid for by taxpayers, most of whom cannot afford
such a luxury.

But this just repeats her inaction in waiting months for assistance in wiping up
a stain that could be handled by the same healthy woman with the same rag.

Simply put, it is no act of love to bring a child (no less three!) into the
world with no provision for their care except the charity given by compassionate
neighbors who do take into account the future welfare of the children.

Juvenile justice system is a huge failure

PAUL GALLATI, NEWNAN

Regarding the article, "Juvenile Justice With Compassion." Let's sum up what
you've recently reported about juvenile crime.

Far too many kids are born to single adult females or teenagers. Fatherhood's
not cool. Poverty is almost a shoo-in; welfare, a given.

The home is often abusive, undisciplined with no positive example of morals and
values. TV and music is where they turn to for escape and entertainment.

Again, reinforcement of unbridled violence, sex and moral decay. School, for
these kids, is no better than home. Drugs, weapons and violence flow through the
halls and those in authority are obviously helpless to intervene. Besides, it's
not cool to learn. That would be "selling out." The tests are culturally biased
and most of these kids are clueless about any culture. Adolescents band
together; there's nothing better to do, so they tear down what they don't
understand, destroy those who possess what they never will.

Crime in the neighborhood is commonplace and seldom prosecuted.

Editor, please tell me again how mollifying young criminals and returning them
to the streets will break this downward cycle of destruction.

For years we've watched our justice system disintegrate beneath a horde of
degenerative uncivilized wretches; the misbegotten refuse of selfish liberal
zeal.

Go ahead, lock them up, execute them. With no other tools to impose discipline,
respect and order, ordinary citizens have no other immediate remedy to protect
ourselves.

Pop star's money can't buy family, friends

ELIZABETH THOMSON, PEACHTREE CITY

I think that Michael Jackson is about the saddest and most pathetic young man I
have ever heard of.

I don't know where his family is that they were not concerned about him. Anyone
seeing him on TV for the past year must have known that his jumping around was
completely abnormal.

This should send a lesson to young people that money does not take the place of
a loving family and friends, two things that I am afraid Michael Jackson did not
have.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933350736

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Investigation concludes no wrongdoing

BYLINE: Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 111 words


June 19--An investigation by the Sawyer County Sheriff's Department into a
personnel matter at the Douglas County Jail has been closed.

According to Chief Deputy Jerry Moe of the Douglas County Sheriff's Department,
the case was concluded June 6.

No evidence of wrongdoing was found.

Two employees who had been placed on administrative leave during the
investigation are back to work, Moe said.

The investigation began shortly after May 2.

Moe declined to comment on what allegations were under investigation.

___ (c)2012 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120619-DG-BRF-Investigation-concludes-no-wrongdoing-0619-20120619

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Telegram


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

A Symbolic Purging of the NYPD Radicalization Report

LENGTH: 830  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Berkeley: Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School has issued the following
news release:



  When the New York Police Department (NYPD) issued one of the earliest reports
on radicalization, in 2007, not much had been published on the subject.
"Radicalization in the West" looked at five cases abroad, three in the United
States and two relating to New York. The subjects in all of these cases had been
convicted of carrying out or plotting terrorist attacks. The research question
was: How did they get there? That question has not gone away.





 In the preface to the NYPD report, then-Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly wrote
that it "seeks to contribute to the debate among intelligence and law
enforcement agencies on how best to counter this emerging threat by better
understanding what constitutes the radicalization process." That report is now
being officially disowned.



 The report's observations on the Internet were particularly prescient -- it
called it "a driver and enabler for the process of radicalization." In other
ways, conclusions made in 2007 have been overtaken by events, including changes
in patterns of radicalization and the greater use of social media, which hardly
existed when the report was written.



 The NYPD report was not a secret document. It was posted on the NYPD website to
prompt discussion, but interested parties may soon have to look for it
elsewhere. In settling two lawsuits that alleged that the NYPD had unlawfully
conducted investigations of Muslims, New York City recently agreed to purge the
report.



 The lawsuits did not result in findings of wrongdoing, and the settlement
leaves in place, with minor changes, existing NYPD rules and procedures called
the Handschu guidelines. The major addition to existing protocols is the
addition of a "monitor," a lawyer to be appointed by the mayor to sit in on the
regular Handschu Committee meetings within the NYPD. The committee decides
whether to open and continue cases and reviews investigative methods for
compliance with applicable standards. So they have added another lawyer to help
ensure there is no wrongdoing where no wrongdoing was found, but it may reassure
critics and is unlikely to do any harm.



 While the appointment of a monitor has some rational connection to the harm
alleged in the lawsuits, officially purging the radicalization report raises
questions about intentions. Certainly, no one believes that radicalization of
terrorist violence has ceased to be a national concern. There is the potential
for violence by white supremacists, anti-government extremists and other
fanatics, and the ideology of "Islamic extremism" -- the term is used by the
governments of Muslim majority countries -- continues to be a source of
terrorist inspiration and instruction. Police intelligence operations and
investigations targeting potential terrorist activity will continue, including
those by the New York City Police Department. Since 9/11, the NYPD has worked
with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to foil numerous jihadist
terrorist plots in New York, including two in 2015.



 Moreover, the report will remain available on the Internet. Its repudiation is
therefore purely symbolic, but what, exactly, is being repudiated?



 One can readily understand the sensitivity of Muslim Americans, who resent
close scrutiny by authorities and argue that their religion or ethnicity ought
not to make them targets of intelligence. Is New York saying that the Muslim
community is off-limits to police investigation? While discrimination is
contrary to American values and law, the nature of the threat dictates the
social geography of intelligence collection. Religion alone cannot make any
community a target of the intelligence inquiries. Neither does it provide
immunity from legitimate intelligence generated by leads and law enforcement
investigations.



 This is true throughout recent history. When the threat of terrorism came from
Ku Klux Klan members and other racists responsible for bombing black churches
and killing civil rights workers, intelligence efforts focused on white
Southerners. When anti-Castro Cubans carried on a bombing campaign in Florida,
intelligence efforts focused on the Cuban community. The same was true when
authorities were dealing with Puerto Rican, Armenian and Jewish terrorists.



 So the purging of this report -- the repudiation, if you will -- may give the
plaintiffs "satisfaction" by symbolically breaking the connection between the
current mayoral administration and the NYPD's previous intelligence and
investigative efforts. But its significance seems questionable. The NYPD will
continue investigations to find radicalized men and women, and the purging of
the report will have no bearing whatsoever on research and analysis exploring
violent extremism, including within Muslim communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            January 15, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

London world championships dragged into scandal

BYLINE: Ben Rumsby

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 416 words


The bidding process that resulted in athletics' next World Championships being
awarded to London - and potentially that which handed the 2020 Olympics to Tokyo
- was being investigated by French police last night after being called into
question in an independent report.

The authors of a World Anti-Doping Agency independent commission into sport's
worst drugs scandal confirmed they had passed on evidence of possible criminal
wrongdoing related to the allocation of two of sport's biggest events.

They also called for a probe into the award of every World Championships since
2001, which would include those in London next year.

Günter Younger, the senior German detective who sat on the commission, said:
"What we recommended to the French authorities is that they take a closer look.
We had to stop at a certain stage because we didn't want to endanger the whole
investigation. If you ask too much, we were worried they would destroy
evidence."

Fellow panel member Richard McLaren said he suspected there had been bribery
during some of the bidding processes.

"That's why we want a further investigation," he added. "The police are pursuing
that. They will have to go through financial records, docu-ments, computer
records, mobile phones. It's in their hands."

The report stated: "There may be reason to believe that senior IAAF
[International Association of Athletics Federations] officials and others acting
on their behalf may have benefited from decisions of the IAAF to award certain
cities and countries the IAAF Athletics World Championships."

There is no suggestion of wrongdoing by London's successful 2017 bid team but
the aftermath has seen allegations emerge related to Doha's losing bid. The IAAF
also faced severe criticism last year over the bidding processes in which the
2019 event was awarded to the Qatari capital and the 2021 edition to Eugene,
Oregon. Both bid teams have strenuously denied any wrongdoing. Lord Coe, the
IAAF president, confirmed those events were already the subject of an internal
review.

The Wada report also raised questions about the award of the 2020 Olympics to
Tokyo, citing transcripts of discussions between the son of former IAAF
president Lamine Diack, Khalil, and "Turkish individuals".

The report said the transcripts include claims that Turkey lost Diack snr's
support for its own Games bid because it did not pay sponsorship of $4-$5
million (£2.8 million to £3.5 million) either to the IAAF or Diamond League,
while the Japanese did pay such a sum.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

Manager pleads guilty in SK case

BYLINE: By LARRY PARSONS Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 520 words


Federal prosecutors said Tuesday that another former corporate purchasing
manager has pleaded guilty after admitting taking bribes to buy processed
vegetables from SK Foods LP, one of the agricultural firms owned by the SK Foods
Group of Monterey.

Robert C. Turner Jr., 59, a former purchasing manager for B&G Foods Inc. of
Parsipanny, N.J., pleaded guilty in federal court in Fresno to two counts of
mail fraud in connection with an ongoing investigation of wrongdoing in the
California processed-tomato industry.

Turner, who is scheduled to be sentenced in August, faces up to 20 years in
prison.

His guilty plea was the latest development in the tomato industry investigation
that came to light in April 2008 when SK Foods' corporate office in Ryan Ranch
was searched by federal investigators. The company has operations in Lemoore and
Williams.

Since then, Randall L. Rahal, a former SK Foods broker, several purchasing
agents for major food companies and a former SK Foods inventory manager have
pleaded guilty to charges ranging from racketeering to allowing misbranded food
to be shipped across state lines.

Since Rahal pleaded guilty in December, attorneys for SK Foods have steadfastly
denied wrongdoing by the company or its chief executive, Scott Salyer. They say
the company has fully cooperated with investigators.

The latest conviction in the tomato-products investigation came at the same time
that another company in the SK Foods family, Salyer American Fresh Foods, faces
pressure from bank lenders to turn over operations to a lender-approved
receiver.

Bank of the West sued Salyer American last week in Monterey County Superior
Court, alleging the company owes about $34.1 million to the bank and two
agricultural lenders.

An attorney for Salyer American said Monday that the company wouldn't oppose the
receivership request because the company needs continued financing to keep its
operations going.

According to court documents, Turner received about $65,000 in bribes between
September 2004 and April 2008 for agreeing to buy tomato and other food products
from SK Foods rather than any of its competitors.

During the four-year period, Turner was the corporate purchasing manager for B&G
Foods, described as a multinational food company, and a purchasing manager for
Nabisco Inc., the snack maker based in Parsipanny, court documents say.

In one instance, court documents say, Turner arranged for a May 2007 contract
between B&G Foods and SK Foods to buy 13 million pounds of chile and jalapeno
peppers for 22cents a pound.

In exchange for bribes paid by Rahal, Turner agreed that B&G Foods would
increase the price paid to SK Foods by 1 cent per pound   or another $130,000,
court documents say. The promised bribe worked out to a half cent per pound, or
$65,000.

Two checks mailed by Rahal to Turner's wife in July and December 2007 were
offered by government prosecutors as evidence of the two counts of mail fraud
against Turner.

Under the plea agreement, Turner is required to pay restitution of $50,500 to
Nabisco and $14,698 to B&G Foods.

Larry Parsons can be reached at 646-4379 or lparsons@montereyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

No evidence against Farah in initial drug inquiry findings

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 139 words


UK Athletics has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the initial
findings of its investigation into allegations of doping against his coach,
Alberto Salazar.

UKA launched a review following allegations in a BBC Panorama programme shown in
June that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in Portland, where
Farah trains, had violated several anti-doping rules. Salazar, who is an "unpaid
consultant" for UKA, has strenuously denied all the accusations.

Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the BBC documentary, has vowed
to stick by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

Farah is preparing to defend his 5,000m and 10,000m titles in Rio.

The initial findings will come as a welcome boost for the 32-year-old, whose
performances on the track, amid a tumultuous summer off it, have been
impressive.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Amid federal investigation, Byrd-Bennett resigns as CPS CEO, will not return
from paid leave

BYLINE: Caitlin Wilson, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


June 01--Chicago Public Schools CEO Barbara Byrd-Bennett has resigned a week
before her paid leave was scheduled to expire.

She had been on leave since April, when news broke of a federal investigation
involving a $20.5 million no-bid contract between the school district and
Byrd-Bennett's former employer. The Chicago Tribune explains that Byrd-Bennett
moved out of the position so her presence would not shift focus from the
investigation:

Byrd-Bennett, who has not been accused of wrongdoing, acknowledged when she went
on leave that her presence could divert attention from the pressing affairs of
the district as it tackles labor talks with the city's teachers union and
confronts a $1.1 billion budget deficit.

As the Tribune pointed out, Byrd-Bennett has not been implicated in any
wrongdoing. But federal prosecutors are looking into contracts Chicago Public
Schools made with SUPES Academy in 2013 for leadership training sessions for
principles and other district officials that were scheduled to continue into
2016. Byrd-Bennett was employed at SUPES Academy before becoming the CEO of
Chicago Public Schools. The issue with the contract is that the training company
was hired on a "non-competitive basis," according to records.

Byrd-Bennett did not say why she was resigning, but that she is "thankful" for
her experience. The Tribune reports that Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who appointed
Byrd-Bennett, had well wishes for her as she left:

In her resignation letter, Byrd-Bennett said she will "remain forever thankful
for the opportunity to serve the children of Chicago."

Mayor Rahm Emanuel released a statement saying he was "saddened by the
circumstances that have led to Barbara's resignation and I wish her well."

Jesse Ruiz, a Chicago Public Schools board member, took over to serve as CEO
when Byrd-Bennett went on leave. The Tribune reports that board President David
Vitale said Ruiz will continue to work as interim CEO.

ABC7 says Byrd-Bennett would have had another year with Chicago Public Schools
if she hadn't resigned:

Had she not resigned, Byrd-Bennett's contract would have allowed her to remain
Chicago schools' CEO through next June, with a $250,000 salary.

The schools will have more employment issues to work through soon -- the Chicago
Teachers Unions's contract is up for renegotiation this month.

Want more Illinois School News?

Subscribe

Caitlin Wilson is a staff writer for Reboot Illinois. She graduated from Loyola
University Chicago, where she studied journalism and political science. Caitlin
has become both endeared to and frustrated with her adopted home state and wants
to bring Illinoisans the information they need to actively participate in the
politics that directly affect them. You can find Reboot on Facebook here and on
Twitter at @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2015 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150601-2IL-Amid-federal-investigation-Byrd-Bennett-resigns-as-CPS-CEO-will-not
-return-from-paid-leave-0601-20150601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2015


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Veterans Affairs fires 4 execs after crackdown

BYLINE: Matthew Daly

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 401 words


WASHINGTON The Veterans Affairs Department is firing four senior executives as
officials move to crack down on wrongdoing following a nationwide scandal over
long wait times for veterans seeking medical care and falsified records covering
up the delays.

The dismissals are the first since Congress passed a law this summer making it
easier for veterans who experience delays to get care outside VA's nationwide
network of hospitals and clinics. The law also made it easier for the agency to
fire senior officials suspected of wrongdoing, shortening their appeals process
to 28 days.

Among those being fired are a top purchasing official at the Veterans Health
Administration, directors of VA hospitals in Pittsburgh and Dublin, Ga., and a
regional hospital director in central Alabama.

Deputy VA secretary Sloan Gibson said Monday the VA will "actively and
aggressively pursue disciplinary action" against any employee who violates VA
rules or values.

But a Republican congressman challenged the VA, saying that at least one of the
employees being fired has already announced his retirement. John Goldman,
director of the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center in Dublin, Ga., said last month he
was stepping down.

"Bragging about the proposed removal of someone who has already announced his
retirement can only be described as disingenuous," said Rep. Jeff Miller, R
Fla., head of the House Veterans Affairs Committee.

One of the employees being fired is Susan Taylor, the deputy chief procurement
officer with the VHA who oversees $15 billion a year in federal contracts. A
report by the VA's Office of Inspector General found that Taylor helped steer
contracts to a private company that championed so called reverse auctions, in
which sellers compete with each other to offer the lowest bids.

Terry Gerigk Wolf, director of the Pittsburgh VA Healthcare System, is being
fired for unspecified "conduct unbecoming a senior executive."

Wolf has been on paid leave since June after a VA review of a Legionnaire's
disease outbreak between February 2011 and November 2012. At least six
Pittsburgh VA patients died and 16 were sickened by the bacterial disease that
was traced to water treatment problems at the hospitals.

James Talton, director of the Central Alabama VA Healthcare System, is being
fired following an investigation by the VA's Office of Accountability Review
that substantiated allegations of neglect of duty.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

GEORGIA SUPREME COURT;
Whistle-blower suits can go on, state court says

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 613 words



HIGHLIGHT: Actions against Fulton say county retaliated after fraud revealed.
One investigation led to criminal conviction.


The Georgia Supreme Court on Monday refused to dismiss whistle-blower lawsuits
filed by two women who contend they were retaliated against after they uncovered
fraud in Fulton County government.

The suits were filed by former Deputy County Manager Gwendolyn Warren and Maria
Colon, who investigated complaints of fraud, waste and abuse in county
government --- including one investigation that led to a criminal conviction.
The state high court backed rulings by Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry
Baxter, who said the women's cases should proceed toward trial.

The women's attorney, Lee Parks, said he will soon request that high-ranking
county officials and commissioners give testimony in the pretrial phase of
litigation known as discovery.

"This should be very illuminating," Parks said. "This case is going to uncover
wrongdoing at the highest levels of Fulton County government."

In a statement, county attorney David Ware said the job actions taken against
the "two disgruntled employees" were justified and even though they call
themselves whistle-blowers, "they are not."

Ware also said allegations that wrongdoing reached the highest levels of
government were "reckless" and said he would advise his clients to avail
themselves of all legal remedies "should they be defamed or if their personal
and professional reputations are harmed."

In 2009, Colon was hired as chief investigator for the newly established Office
of Professional Standards. According to court filings, she quickly received
numerous complaints of fraud and abuse.

Colon found that four employees had diverted more than $180,000 to finance a
private wedding planning business called Exquisite Events Atlanta LLC. Wal-Mart
gift cards charged to the county were used to buy furniture, appliances, video
games and champagne flutes.

False invoices were created and appeared to document the purchase of supplies
for county-operated homeless shelters, according to court filings.

Warren reported Colon's findings to then-County Manager Zachary Williams and
urged that the matter be referred to law enforcement authorities. But in July
2010, the county fired Warren and dissolved the Office of Professional
Standards. Colon was demoted to the position of research analyst and given a pay
cut.

Both women filed retaliation suits and alleged that Williams, under pressure
from some county commissioners, ordered them to hold off handing over evidence
of the theft to the district attorney's office. Williams has denied that
accusation and said the firing and demotion of, respectively, Warren and Colon
were for other reasons he could not disclose.

Parks has said he later turned over Colon's findings to prosecutors after the
women retained him to represent them. But Ware said the county alerted the theft
of funds to the district attorney's office and any suggestion otherwise "is
disingenuous."

In August, Nicola Hosier, a former financial systems supervisor in the county's
Human Services Department, pleaded guilty to the scheme to divert taxpayer funds
for Exquisite Events. Fulton prosecutors recommended that Hosier receive a
five-year prison term. Instead, a judge sentenced her to two years of home
confinement and ordered her to pay $136,000 in restitution. No others were
charged in the case.

Warren and Colon uncovered other fraudulent activity, the details of which
should be made public as the lawsuit progresses, Parks said Monday. One
allegation involves a former county Department of Human Services official
accused of using his position to solicit sexual favors from prospective
employees; another is an alleged kickback scheme inside the county's Department
of Information Technology, Parks said.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 1, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

State investigating principal's role as 'front man'

BYLINE: STEPHEN HEGARTY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 763 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The state agency that investigates allegations of wrongdoing by educators  has
begun an investigation of King High School principal Frank Scaglione,  whose
name has surfaced in connection with a reputed Mafia extortionist.

State Education Commissioner Betty Castor initiated the investigation by  the
Professional Practices Services, the investigative branch of the Florida
Department of Education.

Hillsborough school superintendent Walter Sickles said Wednesday he  planned to
talk with Scaglione and conduct his own inquiry into the longtime  educator's
actions in the early 1980s, when he was principal of the private  Tampa Catholic
High School.

Scaglione has not been charged with any crimes, but federal court records
describe him as a front man who delivered cash loan payments a decade ago from
extortion victims to reputed mobster and loan shark James William Donofrio.

"I want to talk with Frank and determine exactly what happened," Sickles  said.
"But I haven't seen anything that would jeopardize his employment with  us. The
man has done a tremendous job for us."

Sickles said that when he concludes his inquiry, he will detail his  findings in
a letter to the School Board and to Castor.

Professional Practices Services investigates complaints of wrongdoing by
teachers and educators and decides if there is cause to bring disciplinary
action. If there is evidence of wrongdoing, the case could be referred to the
Education Practices Commission, which has the authority to suspend or revoke  an
educator's certificate.

Wednesday, the PPS contacted Hillsborough school officials to inquire about
Scaglione. DOE spokesman Randy Lewis said the PPS officially has opened an
investigative file on the case. Scaglione's activities might be cause for
concern, Lewis said, because even though he has not been charged with  violating
any laws, his activities might amount to violations of the state's
administrative code.

In an interview Tuesday, Scaglione, 59, said he was dismayed that his  actions a
decade ago would be deemed newsworthy and scrutinized now. Scaglione  said he
thought the matter was behind him after he testified, with immunity,  before a
grand jury in 1988.

"I don't know what more he can do," said Robert Polli, Scaglione's  lawyer. "He
was a government witness. He wasn't charged. He isn't going to be  charged. And
now 12 years later "

In federal court records, Scaglione is described as a front man who made  cash
deliveries to Donofrio, who was charged with extortion. Those charges  later
were dropped when the elderly Donofrio was found incompetent to stand  trial.
The cash deliveries allegedly were made in the early 1980s.

Scaglione also is linked to Donofrio in affidavits involving the  investigation
into Key Bank of Florida. When loan customers fell behind in  payments to
Donofrio, he took them to Key Bank where they got unsecured loans,  records say.
The loans were used to pay Donofrio, and in one case Donofrio  required the
person getting the loan to put Scaglione on the payroll to assure  that Key Bank
would be repaid, affidavits say.

Scaglione has been principal at King High since 1985. The Tampa native  began
teaching in 1956 and has spent the majority of his career working in the
Hillsborough public schools as a principal. During the time of his  questionable
activities Scaglione was not working for the public schools.

In 1978, Scaglione was sworn in as president of Hillsborough Community  College.
He was dismissed in 1979 after a state audit was critical of  administrative
practices at the college. In 1981, Scaglione became principal  at Tampa Catholic
High School, a position he held for three years. He then  returned to work for
the Hillsborough County public schools.

School officials said they first learned of Scaglione's decade-old  activities
about a week ago when Scaglione met with a pair of assistant  superintendents to
discuss the matter. Scaglione said he asked for the meeting  because he expected
his name might soon appear in newspaper articles.

School Board members said they were concerned about the allegations, but  were
content to let Superintendent Sickles handle the matter.

"I really don't know about these allegations," said board member Glenn
Barrington, who worked as a teacher at Leto High when Scaglione was principal
at the school. "I know him to be an honest and upright man.

"This stuff happened years ago, if it ever happened. We'll see what the
superintendent has to say about it."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); FRANK SCAGLIONE ; WALTER SICKLES ; BETTY
CASTOR

                            Times Publishing Company


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday
                                National Edition

SEC may wield stronger hand after BoA case; US$33M settlement

BYLINE: Jonathan Stempel And Rachelle Younglai, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


U.S. securities regulators may emerge with greater power to extract settlements
with real teeth in corporate enforcement cases, even after a federal judge has
blocked its high-profile settlement with Bank of America Corp.

U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff has twice refused to approve the Securities and
Exchange Commission's $33 million settlement over the bank's failure to better
disclose bonuses it had authorized Merrill Lynch & Co, which it was acquiring,
to pay.

Rakoff has faulted the SEC for appearing to let the bank off too easily, and
dismissed as nonsensical why the bank would agree to pay anything without
admitting it had done anything wrong.

Governance experts said the case will strengthen the SEC's hand in future
settlements, as the agency tightens oversight and tries to rebuild a reputation
for aggressiveness after a slow year for enforcement. It may also prompt more
transparency by companies, even without formal acknowledgment of wrongdoing.

"It is absolutely appropriate for a judge to question the amount and the context
of a settlement," said Hillary Sale, a professor at the Washington University in
St. Louis School of Law. "In theory this increases the SEC's negotiating power.
The SEC can say, we can't settle because the courts won't let us."

In the Bank of America case, executives said they relied on lawyers' judgments
as to what bonus details should be revealed. Yet the bank did not waive
attorney-client privilege, meaning the names of the decision makers remained
secret. An exasperated Judge Rakoff questioned why the SEC would agree to this.

"If the company does not waive the privilege," the Manhattan judge wrote, "the
culpability of both the corporate officer and the company counsel will remain
beyond scrutiny. This seems so at war with common sense."

In 2006 guidelines for assessing corporate penalties, the SEC said it would
focus mainly on the degrees to which companies benefited from their wrongdoing,
and to which penalties could help or further harm injured shareholders.

It also, however, said it would consider several other factors. Among them: the
intent of the perpetrators, and whether complicity in the supposed violations
was widespread.

"The SEC decided that in the case of disclosure violations, penalties should be
substantially allocated to the responsible officers who caused the disclosure
violations," said John Coffee, a law professor at Columbia University in New
York.

"Otherwise," he said, "you are doing something that is perverse -- shareholders
have gotten inadequate disclosure, and as a result you put a penalty on the
corporation that falls on shareholders. So they are being punished twice."

Permitting companies to remain opaque on disclosure also does a disservice to
achieving justice, according to James Cox, a law professor at Duke University in
Durham, North Carolina.

"This robs the settlement of its social message and erodes the enforcement
efforts themselves," he said. "Settlements have too frequently become means of
closing files rather than serving the ends of justice or policies behind
securities laws. Public policy is sacrificed for expediency."

Bank of America has maintained that its disclosures on Merrill bonuses did not
mislead investors. A spokesman, Larry Di Rita, said the bank showed shareholders
"the strategic logic of the Bank of America and Merrill Lynch combination, and
we believe that is what shareholders were voting for."

The Charlotte, N.C.-based bank faces a congressional inquiry, a probe by New
York's attorney-general, and many shareholder lawsuits whose outcomes depend in
part on who knew what, and when. More revelations could hurt the bank.

"The more facts that companies have to disclose, the easier it would be to sue,"
said Tamar Frankel, a professor at Boston University School of Law.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                January 15, 2012

A La. Congressman Seeks Nonprofit Accountability

BYLINE: Lisa Chiu

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Managing

LENGTH: 1578  words

DATELINE: Washington

ABSTRACT

Rep. Charles Boustany, who heads a powerful Ways and Means subcommittee, plans
to get more aggressive in curbing wrongdoing by charities and asking the
Internal Revenue Service to step up enforcement.

FULL TEXT

Long before Rep. Charles Boustany was elected to Congress, he was deeply
involved with nonprofits in his native southwestern Louisiana, working as a
heart surgeon at a nonprofit hospital and volunteering on many charity boards.

Today, as the chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means subcommittee that
oversees the Internal Revenue Service, he is putting that inside knowledge to
use as he patrols the activities of tax-exempt organizations.

In his first year on the job, he has made clear that he doesn't think the IRS is
doing enough to curb abuses by charities, including excessive executive
compensation, inappropriate commercial activities, and improper involvement in
political campaigns.

And in an interview with The Chronicle in his office on Capitol Hill, he said he
plans to become even more aggressive this year.

"In every community across this country, there are tremendous leaders who step
forward and volunteer their time and ultimately create a better community," Dr.
Boustany says. "But I think we have to make sure that the law is clear and that
there's proper oversight, because there can be abuses."

'Lonely Work'

In the year since he took over as chairman of the House subcommittee, he made
headlines by holding a hearing at which he pressed AARP, the giant advocacy
group for older people, to justify its tax-exempt status.

He got more national press attention when he sent the IRS a letter with 36
questions designed to find out exactly what it was doing to ferret out
wrongdoing and make sure tax-exempt groups complied with federal law.

Dr. Boustany's scrutiny of nonprofit enforcement could signal a return to the
days when charities had to work hard to defend their activities on Capitol Hill.

The attention to nonprofit wrongdoing subsided a bit when Iowa's Sen. Charles
Grassley, stepped aside last year as the top Republican on the Senate committee
that monitors the IRS.

Senator Grassley, who continues to keep an eye on charity abuses, says he
welcomes signs that another lawmaker is ready to ask difficult questions, though
he says Dr. Boustany will face a tough time.

"If you express concern about tax-exempt practices, you can be accused of being
anti-charity," he says. "It can be lonely work, so the more, the merrier."

Dr. Boustany says he plans to pursue a wide range of concerns about nonprofits
and IRS enforcement.

"What is the IRS actually doing in this sector to monitor and provide guidance?"
he asks. "I'd like to know what are the triggers for an audit. And do we need to
change the law?"

Questions for the IRS

The questions he asked the IRS in his letters touched on topics such as the
total amount of tax-exempt royalty income nonprofits can claim for the sale of
licensed products, how the IRS reviews allegations of improper political
campaigning, and how many nonprofits have faced an excise tax for violating
lobbying rules.

He says he hoped the IRS letter would bear fruitful results. But the agency has
provided only basic information in answer to his inquiry, he says-and that
information was already publicly available.

Dr. Boustany declined to share that response, saying the correspondence is not
complete. The agency has also not provided the document in response to a
Chronicle request under the Freedom of Information Act, saying it needed more
time.

Dr. Boustany says he'll continue to press the IRS for answers. His letter also
asked the tax agency to provide more information about the charitable activities
of nonprofit hospitals as well an update on the agency's audits of colleges and
universities, which have examined their unrelated business income and executive
pay.

Unrelated business income, the money charities earn for activities that are not
related to their charitable mission, was a key concern in Dr. Boustany's
investigation last year of the advocacy group AARP, in which he criticized its
financial structure, saying that it operates more like a business than a
nonprofit group.

Dr. Boustany has asked the IRS to investigate the group's activities, noting
that his staff members found that royalty payments to AARP from for-profit
insurance companies made up nearly 46 percent of AARP's revenue in 2009, while
membership dues totaled just 17 percent.

Some of Dr. Boustany's critics say the lawmaker isn't really all that concerned
about the AARP's tax-exempt status but that he is singling out the group for its
support of the president's health-care bill in 2009.

"This is nothing but a political witch hunt," Rep. John Lewis, Democrat of
Georgia, said at the hearing Dr. Boustany held on AARP's activities, "Who is
next? Who else is on your list? My college? Your church? This is a dangerous
game to play."

Dr. Boustany denies that partisan politics were a motivation. He says his
concerns about nonprofits extend far beyond AARP.

For its part, AARP says revenue from royalties allow the organization to keep
membership costs low.

Pat Read, a nonprofit consultant and a former senior vice president at
Independent Sector, cautions nonprofits not to dismiss Dr. Boustany's inquiries
as mere partisan politics. The questions he's asking about unrelated business
income, for example, could significantly affect their activities, she says.

"This is going to reach far beyond AARP," Ms. Read says. "There are many
Democrats that also get concerned about nonprofit activities that generate
profit and activities that they don't consider to be a part of what the
nonprofit exemption was created for."

Nonprofit Roots

Dr. Boustany's interest in nonprofits stems, at least in part, from his growing
up and living in southwestern Louisiana's Cajun country.

The 55-year-old congressman worked at Charity Hospital in New Orleans and served
on the board of Lafayette General Medical Center. He was also a longtime board
member of the Lafayette Parish Medical Society, a nonprofit business league,
where he helped to open the Lafayette Community Health Care Clinic, which offers
free services for the working poor and is supported entirely with private
donations.

But his connection to the nonprofit world runs deeper. Growing up, Dr. Boustany
says, he admired how his mother, Madlyn, planned and participated in charitable
events.

Dr. Boustany's father, Charles Boustany Sr., was the Lafayette Parish coroner
for 16 years. It was the combination of their work that led to his interest in
medicine and politics, he says.

After running a private medical practice in Lafayette for 14 years, Dr. Boustany
entered politics in 2004 after arthritis in his neck cut short his medical
career.

He ran for Louisiana's 7th Congressional District seat and won. The win marked
only the second time a Republican had secured the district since it was drawn in
1903.

He was quickly tested in 2005 when Hurricane Rita struck the Gulf Coast. As a
freshman lawmaker, he was instrumental in getting aid to communities, says
Raymond J. Hebert, president of the Community Foundation of Acadiana, in
Lafayette.

Dr. Boustany's critiques of nonprofit activities have not gone unnoticed back
home, says Mr. Hebert, but he thinks it's part of the congressman's philosophy
that businesses, governments, and nonprofits adopt sound business practices.

"I just think he's very interested in accountability. And that's OK," says Mr.
Hebert. "The days of having a nonprofit keep records in a shoebox under your bed
are over. And he gets that."

Dr. Boustany has used his medical background to his advantage in Congress. In
2009, he was tapped to give the Republican response to President Obama's
televised address to lawmakers that outlined an extensive effort to overhaul the
nation's health-care system. In the response, he criticized the president's
proposal as too costly and bureaucratic.

He considers himself a staunch Republican, and he has voted 95 percent with his
party this session, according to the congressional tracker OpenCongress.

Last spring Dr. Boustany, along with other Republicans, backed a plan to cut the
IRS budget by $600-million-a move some critics say is inconsistent with his
calls for the IRS to step up monitoring of nonprofits.

"Why is he so concerned about tax-exempt enforcement and yet participated in
cutting the IRS so severely?" asks William Josephson, the former head of the
Charities Bureau in New York.

Dr. Boustany says he supported the cuts because tough economic times call for
across-the-board austerity.

Charitable Deductions

Part of the problem, too, he says, is the complex tax code that often makes more
work for the IRS.

As Congress considers ways to change the tax system, he says, he'll be mindful
of the bureaucracy that can result from too many complex rules.

But even as he looks to simplify tax laws, Mr. Boustany says he wants to protect
the deduction taxpayers receive for making charitable donations.

Dr. Boustany opposes the President's plan to limit the value of the deduction
for wealthy people, but says it's too premature to propose legislation that
saves any specific deduction.

For now, he plans to move forward, examining the tax code and holding hearings
to find ways to improve enforcement of nonprofit laws.

"I take my role as oversight chairman very seriously," Dr. Boustany says. "We
will continue to conduct oversight activities on a broad range of subjects.
Including the nonprofit sector."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Charles Boustany, a prominent watchdog of nonprofit organizations,
has deep ties to charities from his years as a heart surgeon in his native
Louisiana.
Derek Lieu, for The Chronicle
A New Charity Watchdog 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2012 Sunday

Roosevelt, Taft campained here in 1912

BYLINE: Tom Stafford, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 960 words


Nov. 04--In May of 1912, former President Theodore Roosevelt came to speak in
the tabernacle that baseball player turned evangelist Billy Sunday had built in
Springfield the previous fall.

Days later, his rival, sitting President William Howard Taft, stepped onto the
same podium.

Springfield's blacks likely were as excited as the rest of the city's voters in
that run up to the Ohio primary of 100 years ago. But as the campaigns stopped
at a hall built for a religious revival, they knew another revival was under
way: a revival of racial hatred.

And as the bitter campaign between the two former friends headed this way, the
so-called race question was on the front burner.

"That former President Theodore Roosevelt will for the first time touch on the
Brownsville affair in his speech in Springfield this afternoon was the
information given the Daily News in a special dispatch form Bellefontaine," the
Springfield paper announced that May 15.

The "Brownsville Affair" was a thorny problem for both candidates.

In 1906, then President Roosevelt had discharged without honor three companies
of black soldiers who had served honorably with him in the Spanish-American War.

The dismissal came after questionable, if not trumped-up charges, that, while
stationed in Fort Brown, Texas, the troops had been involved in the shooting
death of a Brownsville saloon keeper and the injury of a policeman. What really
rankled Roosevelt's critics was that the dismissals weren't for wrongdoing; they
were discharged for an alleged "conspiracy of silence" for failing to admit
wrongdoing.

In a CSPAN interview this year, Khalil Muhammad, director of the Schomburg
Center for Research in Black Culture at the New York Public Library, said 1912
represented "the first time the Republican Party is not the heir apparent for
African American voters."

A Library of Congress report says outrage over the dismissal of the Brownsville
troops was clearly part of that, finishing off the leadership career of Booker
T. Washington. When the black leader failed to criticize Roosevelt, many
longtime supporters abandoned him.

Although the criticism of Roosevelt might appear to be good news for Taft, he
himself was serving as Secretary of War when the troops were dismissed.

So from his Columbus campaign headquarters, Taft issued a statement that
squarely blamed Roosevelt.

"When Mr. Taft returned to Washington, he cabled to President Roosevelt, who was
in Puerto Rico, asking that the order (to discharge the troops) be suspended
until further hearing," the statement said. "On Nov. 21 President Roosevelt
cabled a reply denying Mr. Taft's request and directing that the order be
immediately executed."

While in Springfield, Roosevelt jabbed at Taft with what amounted to an
accusation wrapped in a confession.

"I have only myself to hold responsible for what I did, and I do not want to
shift the responsibility," Roosevelt confessed. "I have noticed, however, that
in the three years in which President Taft has been president, not one word has
been said of restoring any (of the troops) by the executive order which
President Taft recommended to me when he was in my cabinet."

The issue was big enough in the campaign for the black vote that the day after
Roosevelt's visit, Taft-backer and Illinois Congressman A.W. Rodenberg denounced
Roosevelt before what the Daily News described as an audience of "almost wholly
colored people" in city hall.

Although local minister Charles Johnson also preached at the affair, it's likely
the audience was most interested in seeing a third man: Sgt. Mingo Sanders, "one
of the (black) soldiers dismissed with the 25th Infantry ... at Brownsville."

The audience knew that, whatever the rights and wrongs of the Brownsville case,
a larger issue was at stake.

Six months before the Brownsville tavern owner was shot, gunfire had erupted in
Springfield during an outbreak of racial violence.

It wasn't as serious as the city's riot of 1904, when a mob ripped from jail a
black man who had fatally shot a white policeman, lynched and shot the accused
on a downtown pole and proceeded to burn buildings in a black neighborhood.

Having learned a lesson, authorities in 1906 moved to Dayton two black suspects
accused of shooting and stabbing two white railroad workers.

City officials were quicker to call in the National Guard, although not in time
to prevent the mob deprived of its lynching from heading along the downtown
railroad tracks to burn yet more black homes.

On its way, the mob surged through the Esplanade, where its bellowing and
shooting cut short a Springfield City Council meeting.

"The hardware merchants had reported during the day that they had had a run on
cartridges such as they had not experienced since the day of the riots of 1904,"
The Sun reported.

Members of council who "tumbled down the stairs" from their meeting the day of
the riot saw "a negro, cowering with fear and bearing many a wound and bruise,
fell against the wall, and lay prone on the floor" The Sun said. "He had escaped
from the mob."

Whether that man was in the audience in May of 1912 to meet Sgt. Mingo Sanders
is lost to history. But it seems a sure bet the audience was aware it was in the
place the man had found refuge.

And nine years later, some of the audience members' homes would be saved by
black veterans of the sort Sanders served with.

In 1921, when a rioting white mob again threatened black neighborhoods south of
City Hall, a group of black veterans of the Spanish American War and World War I
took up positions with Springfield rifles bought from a Richmond, Ind., armory.

The revival of racial hatred was not over.

___ (c)2012 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121104-1SP-Roosevelt-Taft-campained-here-in-1912-1104-20121104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2012 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 12, 2004 Tuesday

Craddick is no longer able to serve effectively

BYLINE: Suzy Woodford, COMMON CAUSE TEXAS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 709 words


Over the past two weeks, as the people of Texas have opened their morning papers
and flipped on the TV news, they have been greeted by allegations of corruption
and scandal that reach to the highest levels of government in Texas and in
Washington, D.C.

The high profile indictments of three individuals connected to Texas Speaker of
the House Tom Craddick, R-Midland, and Tom Delay, the Republican majority leader
of the U.S. House, stem from the activities of two political action committees
(PACs) with designs on winning strong Republican majorities in the Texas
Legislature and Congress.

The scheme to take over the Legislature and the Congress also involves some
household names in American business, including Sears, Roebuck & Co; Bacardi
USA, Inc; Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.; the Alliance for Quality
Nursing Home Care Corporation; and Union Pacific.

The allegations are deeply troubling.  While both Craddick and DeLay deny any
wrongdoing -- and say that any wrongdoing by their associates was done without
their knowledge -- the information that has emerged raises serious concerns
about both men's ethical conduct.

We know that more than $600,000 in allegedly illegal corporate contributions
were solicited and accepted by DeLay, Craddick or their operatives. These
contributions helped Republicans win a firm majority in both chambers of the
state Legislature and allowed them to solidify their majority in the U.S. House
through an unprecedented mid-census partisan gerrymander.

We know that $152,000 in non-corporate contributions from Texans for a
Republican Majority Political Action Committee, were sent to Craddick's Midland
office and then sent back out to 14 Republican House candidates who were crucial
to his his election as speaker.

DeLay and Craddick have both tried to distance themselves from the activities of
these two PACs, despite evidence of some strong ties to their operations.  For
example, we know that DeLay's daughter and political consultants ran the
day-to-day operations of TRMPAC.

Corporate contributions have been illegal since the 1905 Legislature prohibited
such donations to political campaigns. Rep. Alexander Terrell, the bill's
sponsor, hoped to starve what he called the "corrupt machine politicians" who
gorged themselves on special interest money.

We know that Craddick's actions -- designed to influence his election to the
position of Speaker of the House -- have also been illegal since the 63rd
Legislature met in 1973 and prohibited outside groups from offering assistance
to influence the election of a speaker.  It also prohibits a candidate for that
post from accepting assistance from outside organizations.

Craddick is under investigation for violation of this law and that DeLay's
actions are under investigation by the U. S. House ethics committee and by
Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle.

Because of the grave ethical concerns Craddick's conduct has raised, we believe
that it will be very difficult for him to serve the public effectively.  We do
not believe he can weather this ethical storm and provide firm leadership and
guidance to the Legislature. The seriousness of these allegations calls into
question Craddick's ability to retain the public's trust.

And defending himself against these charges will inevitably distract him from
the serious problems that confront the Legislature, such as tax reform and
school financing. Texans deserve a leader who is untainted by scandal and who
can devote his full attention and energy to his job.

For these reasons, Common Cause Texas is asking Craddick to step down as leader
in the House.

We do not take this decision lightly. Only once in our 32-year history has
Common Cause Texas called upon an elected official to resign.

In 1983, when former Attorney General Jim Mattox, a Democrat, was indicted on a
felony charge of commercial bribery, we urged him to step down. This action was
necessary to preserve the trust the people place in our public servants.

So it is with Craddick.  We do not presume to claim that he is guilty or
innocent of the accusations against him. But we do know that an elected
official, hobbled by this scandal, cannot govern effectively.

Woodford is executive director of Common Cause Texas.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                  May 25, 2006

Analog Devices subpoenaed in options probe.

BYLINE: Ross Kerber

LENGTH: 551 words


May 25--Norwood microchip maker Analog Devices Inc. said yesterday the US
Justice Department has subpoenaed documents related to its grants of stock
options since 2000.

Several other companies in Massachusetts and across the nation have disclosed
similar subpoenas or requests for information from federal regulators as the
government probes how these firms awarded options during the dot-com era.

Subpoena demands generally indicate a criminal investigation is underway, though
a spokeswoman for the office that Analog said sent the demand, the US attorney
for the Southern District of New York, declined to comment.

Analog Devices's disclosure is unusual in that the company had reached a
tentative settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission over its
options-granting practices.

The SEC also is studying practices at companies including American Tower Corp.
of Boston, Brooks Automation Inc. of Chelmsford, and Sycamore Networks of
Chelmsford, those companies have disclosed this month.

American Tower also has received a subpoena, as have firms in other states
including Caremark RX Inc. and UnitedHealth Group.

Analog Devices was among the first to be contacted by the SEC. In November, the
company said it agreed to pay $3 million without admitting or denying wrongdoing
.

A major recipient of options over the years, Analog Devices chief executive
Jerald G. Fishman, will also pay $1 million as part of the proposed settlement,
also without admitting or denying wrongdoing, and make an unspecified
"disgorgement payment."

Bruce G. Vanyo, a Los Angeles defense attorney who says he represents other
companies facing probes by regulators said he isn't surprised to see the Justice
Department revisit the company's conduct.

"With all the attention now focused on the practice, I think it's inevitable
that government regulators are going to go back and reexamine all the incidents
that have been previously reported," Vanyo said.

A settlement with the SEC does not preclude further investigations by the
Justice Department, Vanyo said.

In a press release, Analog Devices said it will cooperate with the Justice
Department, which it believes is interested in the same matters probed by the
SEC.

The SEC's settlement would conclude that the company should have disclosed to
investors it priced options prior to releasing favorable financial results, and
used the wrong dates in three cases since 1998, Analog Devices says in
securities filings.

Analog Devices declined to make executives available to be interviewed. It had
previously said it agreed to the proposed settlement with the SEC to avoid a
distracting dispute.

Stock options are rights to buy shares at discounted prices and are meant to
give executives long-term incentives.

But studies have pointed to abuses such as awarding options just before
companies announce good news that boosts their value -- a practice some say
amounts to insider trading.

To see more of The Boston Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.boston.com/globe.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Boston Globe

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

TICKER SYMBOL(S): ADI, AMT, BRKS, SCMR, CMX, UNH

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5158999

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Washington: U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin Statement on Investigations into Madison
and Milwaukee Social Security Offices

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tammy Baldwin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin released the following statement today in response
to a letter from the Social Security Administration confirming ongoing
investigations by the Office of Special Counsel and Office of the Inspector
General into allegations of harassment, retaliation and management issues at
Social Security's Offices of Disability Adjudication and Review in Madison and
Milwaukee.





 "For the last year, I have worked on behalf of whistleblowers to shine a light
on serious allegations of wrongdoing, harassment and retaliation at Wisconsin
Social Security offices," said Senator Baldwin. "Now, the Social Security
Administration is taking those allegations seriously and a number of
investigations and reviews have been initiated. We eagerly await the completion
of ongoing investigations by the Office of Special Counsel and Office of the
Inspector General so that the Social Security Administration can take
appropriate action to ensure these offices are both safe places to work for
employees and provide the highest-quality of service to taxpayers."



 Beginning in September 2015, Senator Baldwin has worked on behalf of Wisconsin
whistleblowers and raised questions with the Social Security Administration, the
Office of Special Counsel and Office of the Inspector General about wrongdoing,
harassment and retaliation at Wisconsin Social Security offices.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Paper criticizes Pakistan's policy on Afghanistan

LENGTH: 407 words


Text of editorial "Pakistan to be punished for its wrongdoings" published by
privately-owned anti-government Afghan daily newspaper 31 Aug 16


Pakistan is our neighbour and without a doubt, one cannot change his neighbour.
We share common religion, culture and history with it which was once part of Loy
Afghanistan [Greater Afghanistan]. This is true. However, the Afghan nation is
today suffering at the hands of Pakistan's army and rulers.

Its reason is clear. Let's take a look at today's facts. Our senior officials
claim to have killed six Pakistani generals in fighting in the north. Let's
presume that this is a massive exaggeration. However, Pakistan is certainly
involved in bloodshed with the main murderers in our country. It is equally
involved in looting the property and killing the people of Afghanistan with
powerful intelligence agencies of the world. Moreover, it has recently closed
transit route to our businessmen violating decades old official agreements. The
closure of the Spin Boldak gate is an example of this. The harassment and forced
expulsion of Afghan refugees is more painful. Its treatment of Afghan refugees
indicates that it accepted and tolerated refugees three and a half decades ago
for personal interests. At least Pakistan's government and senior officials
accepted them for a goal. Let's not talk about the Pakistani people, who too are
the victims of the wrongdoings of their politicians just like Afghans. Hostility
with Pakistan is the only option Afghans have in such a situation. Pakistan and
India have been enemies since the partition of British India. However, Pakistan
has now forced its western neighbour to be hostile to it. Pakistan had common
projects with major players so far. However, intelligence projects are not
forever nor can such games always continue. There are signs of the new changes.
The new defence agreement between the USA and India has significantly harmed
Pakistan and its only reason is that it has adopted a policy of hostility and
violence rather than a balanced one in the region. It will be punished now for
its wrongdoings. Without a doubt, the USA is involved in major games in the
region. It has given more importance to Pakistan than Afghanistan. However, its
new agreement with India has deprived Pakistan of this privilege. Now Islamabad
will either truly change its policies or will get ready for a very tough
rivalry.

Source: Weesa, Kabul, in Pashto 31 Aug 16

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Farah cleared to stay with Salazar

BYLINE: Ron Lewis

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 606 words


Mo Farah has been told that he can continue training with Alberto Salazar, his
controversial American coach, after a UK Athletics (UKA) review found no
evidence of any wrongdoing.

UKA launched a review by its Performance Oversight Group (POG) of Farah's
training set-up in the wake of allegations of unethical doping and medical
practices made against Salazar in a BBC Panorama documentary.

However, the initial findings found no evidence to question Farah's
relationships with the Nike Oregon Project (NOP) in Portland, which is run by
Salazar.

Farah moved to the United States to be coached by Salazar in 2011, the year
before he became Olympic 5,000 and 10,000 metres gold medal-winner. British
Athletics, however, takes overall control of Farah's training and medical
support. Salazar also has an unpaid role as a consultant to British Athletics.

"The board can confirm that none of the extensive information supplied to the
POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo Farah, nor gave UK
Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the input given by the
Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime," a statement by UKA said.

"UK Athletics continues to take the issue of doping violations in sport
extremely seriously and will assist UKAD [UK Anti-Doping] and other relevant
authorities in their important work whenever required."

The full findings of the UKA review will not be published until after the world
championships in Beijing next month, after a request by UKAD to share the
findings of the report before they are made public.

The announcement is no great surprise, as the original documentary went out of
its way to make clear that there were no allegations of wrongdoing against
Farah. so it could hardly be a shock that UKAD's three-person panel, - Jason
Gardener, Sarah Rowell and Anne Wafula Strike, all former athletes - could not
find any. The panel was not investigating allegations against Salazar nor the
NOP, but to decide if there was any reason to question the relationship of Farah
and British Athletics with the NOP.

The announcement will be a relief to Farah, who pulled out of the Diamond League
meeting in Birmingham last month and flew to the US to confront Salazar about
the allegations. He has since declared himself satisfied with Salazar's
explanations and has consistently denied that he has taken any
performance-enhancing drugs.

Salazar issued a lengthy rebuttal three weeks after the original documentary,
but despite that, the main accusers, including Kara Goucher, the American
distance runner, and Steve Magness, Salazar's former assistant, have stood by
their claims.

The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) and UKAD are carrying out investigations into
the allegations. Farah spent five hours on Saturday answering questions from a
lawyer acting on behalf of USADA.

Farah has run three times since the accusations against Salazar, winning
impressively over 5,000 metres and 3,000 metres in Lausanne and London
respectively, while coming a creditable fourth to Asbel Kiprop over 1,500 metres
in Monaco.

His relationship with Salazar is often long distance, as Farah bases himself in
Europe during the summer track season and in either Kenya or Ethiopia during the
winter. The 32-year-old is at present training at altitude in Font-Romeu, in the
French Pyrenees. He is likely to remain there until just before the world
championships, at which he is due to defend his 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres
titles.

He will run in the 10,000 metres final on August 22 before confirming his
participation in the 5,000 metres, heats for which are held four days later
before a final on August 29.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Running clear: a review by UKA found no evidence of wrongdoing by
FarahIAN WALTON / GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Farah cleared to stay with Salazar

BYLINE: Ron Lewis

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 606 words


Mo Farah has been told that he can continue training with Alberto Salazar, his
controversial American coach, after a UK Athletics (UKA) review found no
evidence of any wrongdoing.

UKA launched a review by its Performance Oversight Group (POG) of Farah's
training set-up in the wake of allegations of unethical doping and medical
practices made against Salazar in a BBC Panorama documentary.

However, the initial findings found no evidence to question Farah's
relationships with the Nike Oregon Project (NOP) in Portland, which is run by
Salazar.

Farah moved to the United States to be coached by Salazar in 2011, the year
before he became Olympic 5,000 and 10,000 metres gold medal-winner. British
Athletics, however, takes overall control of Farah's training and medical
support. Salazar also has an unpaid role as a consultant to British Athletics.

"The board can confirm that none of the extensive information supplied to the
POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo Farah, nor gave UK
Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the input given by the
Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime," a statement by UKA said.

"UK Athletics continues to take the issue of doping violations in sport
extremely seriously and will assist UKAD [UK Anti-Doping] and other relevant
authorities in their important work whenever required."

The full findings of the UKA review will not be published until after the world
championships in Beijing next month, after a request by UKAD to share the
findings of the report before they are made public.

The announcement is no great surprise, as the original documentary went out of
its way to make clear that there were no allegations of wrongdoing against
Farah. so it could hardly be a shock that UKAD's three-person panel, - Jason
Gardener, Sarah Rowell and Anne Wafula Strike, all former athletes - could not
find any. The panel was not investigating allegations against Salazar nor the
NOP, but to decide if there was any reason to question the relationship of Farah
and British Athletics with the NOP.

The announcement will be a relief to Farah, who pulled out of the Diamond League
meeting in Birmingham last month and flew to the US to confront Salazar about
the allegations. He has since declared himself satisfied with Salazar's
explanations and has consistently denied that he has taken any
performance-enhancing drugs.

Salazar issued a lengthy rebuttal three weeks after the original documentary,
but despite that, the main accusers, including Kara Goucher, the American
distance runner, and Steve Magness, Salazar's former assistant, have stood by
their claims.

The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) and UKAD are carrying out investigations into
the allegations. Farah spent five hours on Saturday answering questions from a
lawyer acting on behalf of USADA.

Farah has run three times since the accusations against Salazar, winning
impressively over 5,000 metres and 3,000 metres in Lausanne and London
respectively, while coming a creditable fourth to Asbel Kiprop over 1,500 metres
in Monaco.

His relationship with Salazar is often long distance, as Farah bases himself in
Europe during the summer track season and in either Kenya or Ethiopia during the
winter. The 32-year-old is at present training at altitude in Font-Romeu, in the
French Pyrenees. He is likely to remain there until just before the world
championships, at which he is due to defend his 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres
titles.

He will run in the 10,000 metres final on August 22 before confirming his
participation in the 5,000 metres, heats for which are held four days later
before a final on August 29.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Running clear: a review by UKA found no evidence of wrongdoing by
FarahIAN WALTON / GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Farah cleared to stay with Salazar

BYLINE: Ron Lewis

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 606 words


Mo Farah has been told that he can continue training with Alberto Salazar, his
controversial American coach, after a UK Athletics (UKA) review found no
evidence of any wrongdoing.

UKA launched a review by its Performance Oversight Group (POG) of Farah's
training set-up in the wake of allegations of unethical doping and medical
practices made against Salazar in a BBC Panorama documentary.

However, the initial findings found no evidence to question Farah's
relationships with the Nike Oregon Project (NOP) in Portland, which is run by
Salazar.

Farah moved to the United States to be coached by Salazar in 2011, the year
before he became Olympic 5,000 and 10,000 metres gold medal-winner. British
Athletics, however, takes overall control of Farah's training and medical
support. Salazar also has an unpaid role as a consultant to British Athletics.

"The board can confirm that none of the extensive information supplied to the
POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo Farah, nor gave UK
Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the input given by the
Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime," a statement by UKA said.

"UK Athletics continues to take the issue of doping violations in sport
extremely seriously and will assist UKAD [UK Anti-Doping] and other relevant
authorities in their important work whenever required."

The full findings of the UKA review will not be published until after the world
championships in Beijing next month, after a request by UKAD to share the
findings of the report before they are made public.

The announcement is no great surprise, as the original documentary went out of
its way to make clear that there were no allegations of wrongdoing against
Farah. so it could hardly be a shock that UKAD's three-person panel, - Jason
Gardener, Sarah Rowell and Anne Wafula Strike, all former athletes - could not
find any. The panel was not investigating allegations against Salazar nor the
NOP, but to decide if there was any reason to question the relationship of Farah
and British Athletics with the NOP.

The announcement will be a relief to Farah, who pulled out of the Diamond League
meeting in Birmingham last month and flew to the US to confront Salazar about
the allegations. He has since declared himself satisfied with Salazar's
explanations and has consistently denied that he has taken any
performance-enhancing drugs.

Salazar issued a lengthy rebuttal three weeks after the original documentary,
but despite that, the main accusers, including Kara Goucher, the American
distance runner, and Steve Magness, Salazar's former assistant, have stood by
their claims.

The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) and UKAD are carrying out investigations into
the allegations. Farah spent five hours on Saturday answering questions from a
lawyer acting on behalf of USADA.

Farah has run three times since the accusations against Salazar, winning
impressively over 5,000 metres and 3,000 metres in Lausanne and London
respectively, while coming a creditable fourth to Asbel Kiprop over 1,500 metres
in Monaco.

His relationship with Salazar is often long distance, as Farah bases himself in
Europe during the summer track season and in either Kenya or Ethiopia during the
winter. The 32-year-old is at present training at altitude in Font-Romeu, in the
French Pyrenees. He is likely to remain there until just before the world
championships, at which he is due to defend his 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres
titles.

He will run in the 10,000 metres final on August 22 before confirming his
participation in the 5,000 metres, heats for which are held four days later
before a final on August 29.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Running clear: a review by UKA found no evidence of wrongdoing by
FarahIAN WALTON / GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday

East Central University will pay former soccer player $15K to settle claim, The
Oklahoman learns

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 320 words


ADA - East Central University will pay $15,000 to a former women's soccer player
who was kicked off the team, but the university denies any wrongdoing regarding
her claim of retaliation, according to a settlement agreement.The Oklahoman
obtained a copy of the confidential agreement Wednesday through an open records
request.Traebiyana Dimanche sought damages from ECU women's soccer coach Riley
Bailey and the Board of Regents for the Regional University System of Oklahoma,
the governing board of ECU.In a lawsuit filed July 1 in Oklahoma County District
Court, Dimanche said she suffered retaliation for complaining about racial
discrimination. Her attorney, Mark Hammons, said the settlement agreement was
reached the following week.The agreement states that ECU and its governing board
"deny any liability or wrongdoing in connection with Dimanche's claims, and this
settlement is simply an economic resolution ...."Dimanche came to ECU in the
fall of 2012. During the soccer season, she complained to her coach about a text
message, jokes and the way she was treated by team members. Dimanche was the
only black player on the team.She was released from the team after only one
semester and lost her scholarship.

Dimanche transferred to the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, where she
played soccer this past academic year, her attorney said.A Regional University
System of Oklahoma report on its investigation into her complaint stated Bailey
cited two reasons for removing Dimanche from the team: "She was not producing or
improving as a player ... and she was considered a disruptive influence on the
team because of her complaint ... and the team's response to this complaint."The
report states: "Removing Miss Dimanche from the team because of her complaint
about what she perceived as racial harassment was retaliation even if other
factors contributed to her removal."

CONTRIBUTING: Staff Writer Randy Ellis


LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday

East Central University will pay former soccer player $15K to settle claim, The
Oklahoman learns

BYLINE: By K.S. McNutt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 320 words


ADA - East Central University will pay $15,000 to a former women's soccer player
who was kicked off the team, but the university denies any wrongdoing regarding
her claim of retaliation, according to a settlement agreement.The Oklahoman
obtained a copy of the confidential agreement Wednesday through an open records
request.Traebiyana Dimanche sought damages from ECU women's soccer coach Riley
Bailey and the Board of Regents for the Regional University System of Oklahoma,
the governing board of ECU.In a lawsuit filed July 1 in Oklahoma County District
Court, Dimanche said she suffered retaliation for complaining about racial
discrimination. Her attorney, Mark Hammons, said the settlement agreement was
reached the following week.The agreement states that ECU and its governing board
"deny any liability or wrongdoing in connection with Dimanche's claims, and this
settlement is simply an economic resolution ...."Dimanche came to ECU in the
fall of 2012. During the soccer season, she complained to her coach about a text
message, jokes and the way she was treated by team members. Dimanche was the
only black player on the team.She was released from the team after only one
semester and lost her scholarship.

Dimanche transferred to the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, where she
played soccer this past academic year, her attorney said.A Regional University
System of Oklahoma report on its investigation into her complaint stated Bailey
cited two reasons for removing Dimanche from the team: "She was not producing or
improving as a player ... and she was considered a disruptive influence on the
team because of her complaint ... and the team's response to this complaint."The
report states: "Removing Miss Dimanche from the team because of her complaint
about what she perceived as racial harassment was retaliation even if other
factors contributed to her removal."

CONTRIBUTING: Staff Writer Randy Ellis


LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           January 31, 2007 Wednesday

AG promises probes for housing, governor

BYLINE: By Walter Rubel Santa Fe Bureau Chief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


SANTA FE   Attorney General Gary King said Wednesday that he would respond to
requests by legislators to investigate the Las Cruces-area regional housing
authorities, as well as Gov. Bill Richardson's presidential fundraising.

A total of 12 senators and representatives sent letters to both King and U.S.
Attorney David Iglesias asking that they investigate the activities of the
now-defunct Region VII Housing Authority based in Las Cruces.

The letter states: "We know each of you are aware of the serious allegations of
possible wrongdoing, including potential criminal wrongdoing, at the regional
housing authorities in the state. We urge you to investigate these allegations
fully.

"We specifically urge you to investigate the activities of the Region VII
Housing Authority, based in Las Cruces and consisting of Doña Ana, Sierra and
Socorro counties."

The letter was signed by Reps. Joseph Cervantes, Nathan Cote, Mary Helen Garcia,
Joni Marie Gutierrez, Antonio Lujan and Jeff Steinborn, all D-Las Cruces; Andy
Nuñez, D-Hatch; and Janie Arnold-Jones, R-Albuquerque; and Sens. Mary Kay Papen,
D-Las Cruces; Lee Rawson, R-Las Cruces; Diana Duran, R-Tularosa and John Arthur
Smith, D-Deming.

King said they are already looking into allegations in Bernalillo's Region III,
which defaulted on $5 million in bonds.

"There's no need to ask us to launch an investigation. There's ongoing work
within the office, and I think we've gone about that with regard to Region III,"
King said. "We feel like it's within our purview to look at any other area that
might be relative to that. If the Legislature wants us to include Region VII,
we'd be happy to do that."

Papen has introduced a bill that would abolish the regional housing authority
network.

King said his office would also look into a request by Rawson to give an opinion
on whether Richardson is violating state law by soliciting contributions for his
presidential bid during the legislative session. The state's Campaign Reporting
Act prohibits the governor and the Legislature from soliciting contributions
"for a political purpose" during and immediately before and after a legislative
session.

King said he has already assigned an attorney to look into the question.

Walter Rubel can be reached at wrubel@lcsun-news.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 18, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

STATE PANEL CLEARS STONE HILL WINERY OF WRONGDOING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 212 words


Stone Hill Winery of Hermann, Mo., has been cleared in a squabble over the right
wine.  Lucian Dressel of Mount Pleasant Wine Co. in Augusta had charged that
Stone Hill provided something other than a gold-medal winner for state
functions. A special committee of the Missouri Grape and Wine Advisory Board
found no wrongdoing Thursday and recommended that the winery be allowed to enter
its products in the 1993 State Fair competition.  The fracas erupted over Stone
Hill's 1992 gold-medal-winning Hermaner Steinberg of 1991 vintage. The state
requires gold-medal wineries to donate two cases to the state for serving at
various functions, including the annual Midwest Grape and Wine Conference last
February.  Stone Hill made the donation, but state officials used up both cases
at functions before the conference.  When Jim Held, president of Stone Hill, was
asked for more, he was sold out of the '91. So he provided the 1992 Hermaner
wine, labeled as "American" because of the percentage of California grapes.
Dressel had protested the use of this wine.  Held said he was "pleased that the
committee cleared Stone Hill of any wrongdoing," and added that his winery had
"purchased more tons of Missouri grapes in 1992 than all the other wineries
combined."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 20, 1977, Friday, Final Edition

Mayor Is Cleared Of Wrongdoing In '74 Campaign;
Mayor's Campaign Cleared

BYLINE: By Stephen J. Lynton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 513 words


The D.C. Board of Elections and Ethics announced last night that it has found no
evidence of wrongdoing in the financing of Mayor Walter E. Washington's 1974
election campaign.

The board said it had ended its 5-months "preliminary inquiry" into allegations,
reported by The Washington Post, that secret cash payments were made during
Washington's 1974 campaign and that the payments were not reported, as required
by law.  The investigation "failed to produce substantial probative evidence" of
wrongdoing, the board said.

Two of the board's three members, Jeanus Parks and Grayson McGuire, voted to
dismiss the investigation, according to Winfred R. Mundle, the board's general
counsel.  Board chairwoman Shari B. Kharasch abstained "That's the end of it,"
Mundle siad in announcing the decision last night.

The Washington Post reported last December that, according to several persons in
the mayor's 1974 campaign, cash was secretly used to pay salaries for campaign
workers and not reported, as legally required.

The sources said, according to The Post's report, that at least $1,400 was given
in $100 bills to campaign coordinator John Dean by Julian R. Dugas, a close
friend of the mayor.  Dean then used the cash to pay the salaries of campaing
workers, The Post reported.

The cash payments, The Post reported, were made at a line when managers of the
mayor's well-financed election campaign feared they might violate a $200,000
campaign spending limit imposed by Congress.  Knowledgeable sources said that,
if they had been properly reported, the cash payments combined with unpaid debts
incurred in the mayor's campaign would have raised his campaign spending above
the $200,000 limit.

In addition, the city's election law, enacted by Congress, required that all
campaign expenditures of $10 or more be reported and itemized in regular
campaign and reports to the Board of Election and Ethics.

In an interview in December, the Mayor said he had to knowledge of use of a
secret cash fund in his campaign.  "I know nothing about a fund.  I didn't have
one.  Never had one.  Never knew about one.  Now there's pretty straight," he
said.

Asked early last evening for comment on the board's decision and her abstention,
election board chairman Kharasch said she would prepare a statement for release
later.  Mundle, the board's general counsel, said the board had failed to
receive testimony from any person who claimed to have witnessed secret campaign
cash payments in the mayor's 1974 campaign.

The Post reported in February that, according to knowledgeable sources, city
investigators had completed interviews with several key workers in the mayor's
1974 campaign without asking about some of the alleged secret cash payments
thought to be the focus of the investigation.

The sources said, according to The Post's report, that some persons interviewed
by city campaign finance director Carl McIntyre had first-hand knowledge of the
alleged transacitons and were prepared to discuss them.  The only questions
asked were general ones, The Post reported.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           January 31, 2007 Wednesday

AG to investigate state housing authorities, Gov. Richardson campaign

BYLINE: By Walter Rubel Santa Fe Bureau Chief

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 374 words


SANTA FE   Attorney General Gary King said Wednesday he would respond to
requests by legislators to investigate the Las Cruces-area regional housing
authorities, as well as Gov. Bill Richardson's presidential fundraising.

A total of 12 senators and representatives sent letters to both King and U.S.
Attorney David Iglesias asking that they investigate the activities of the
now-defunct Region VII Housing Authority based in Las Cruces.

The letter states: "We know each of you are aware of the serious allegations of
possible wrongdoing, including potential criminal wrongdoing, at the regional
housing authorities in the state. We urge you to investigate these allegations
fully.

"We specifically urge you to investigate the activities of the Region VII
Housing Authority, based in Las Cruces and consisting of Doña Ana, Sierra and
Socorro counties."

The letter was signed by Reps. Joseph Cervantes, Nathan Cote, Mary Helen Garcia,
Joni Marie Gutierrez, Antonio Lujan and Jeff Steinborn, all D-Las Cruces; Andy
Nuñez, D-Hatch; and Janie Arnold-Jones, R-Albuquerque; and Sens. Mary Kay Papen,
D-Las Cruces; Lee Rawson, R-Las Cruces; Diana Duran, R-Tularosa and John Arthur
Smith, D-Deming.

King said they are already looking into allegations in Bernalillo's Region III,
which defaulted on $5 million in bonds.

"There's no need to ask us to launch an investigation. There's ongoing work
within the office, and I think we've gone about that with regard to region III,"
King said. "We feel like it's within our purview to look at any other area that
might be relative to that. If the Legislature wants us to include region VII,
we'd be happy to do that."

Sen. Papen has introduced a bill that would abolish the regional housing
authority network.

King said his office would also look into a request by Rawson to give an opinion
on whether Richardson is violating state law by soliciting contributions for his
presidential bid during the legislative session.

The state's Campaign Reporting Act prohibits the governor and the Legislature
from soliciting contributions "for a political purpose" during and immediately
before and after a legislative session.

King said he has already assigned an attorney to look into the matter.

Walter Rubel: wrubel@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 9, 2004 Friday

PUTNAM FINED $110M, ADMITS ILLEGAL TRADES

BYLINE: JENNY ANDERSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 291 words


Putnam Investments agreed to fork over $110 million to federal and state
regulators to settle allegations that it didn't disclose the sketchy trading
practices of some of its employees.

In a most unusual development, Putnam also admitted it was at fault, rather than
following the standard Wall Street settlement procedure: Pay up, but neither
admit nor deny guilt.

"In accepting this order, Putnam has admitted its wrongdoing which is a key
element in restoring the trust shareholders should be able to have in the
managers," said Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts William Galvin.

Regulators sued Putnam, a unit of Marsh & McLennan, on Oct. 28 for failing to
stop fund managers Justin Scott and Omid Kamshad and members of a 401(k) union
retirement plan from making rapid trades in a fund. Those trades may have hurt
long-term returns and were prohibited by the fund's prospectuses.

Investigations against those individuals are still pending.

The SEC settlement requires Putnam to pay $55 million to compensate investors
who were harmed.

Separately, Galvin fined Putnam $50Investments million - which is paid into
Massachusetts's general fund - and ordered the company to pay affected investors
$5 million.

"When a company admits wrongdoing in settlement with regulators that's an
admission that can be used against the company in future litigation, such as
class action and private lawsuits," said Robert Heim, an attorney at Meyers &
Heim and a former SEC official.

"If we are going to be serious about enforcement when there's obvious wrongdoing
we have to seek an admission of that wrongdoing," Galvin told The Post.

Putnam's CEO Lawrence Lasser resigned due to the scandal. It's assets fell by
$60 billion since the probe began.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEPHEN CUTLER Enforcement chief.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 11, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

JUSTICE DEPT. IS TO ASK FOR INDEPENDENT INQUIRY INTO E.P.A. ACTION

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 797 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 10


The Justice Department will recommend that an independent counsel investigate
purported wrongdoing by department lawyers who withheld Environmental Protection
Agency documents from Congress, law-enforcement officials said today.

The appointment of a counsel had been requested by the House Judiciary
Committee, which found that the lawyers may have lied to Congress and the White
House in their handling of the environmental agency's material in 1982 and 1983.

It could not be determined whether the department would recommend that the
counsel look at the full range of charges contained in a 1,200-page report
issued by the Judiciary Committee last year.

Nor was it clear how many former or present Justice Department and White House
officials might come under scrutiny by the counsel, who would serve, in effect,
as a special prosecutor. Officials named in the committee report have vehemently
denied wrongdoing.

A panel of Federal judges in Washington will name the counsel. If was unclear
when the Justice Department would make a formal request for the appointment.

Inquiry by Department Team

A Justice Department team led by William F. Weld, the United States Attorney in
Boston, is completing a preliminary investigation into the charges contained in
the Judiciary Committee report, department officials said.

Mr. Weld was chosen for the assignment after other department prosecutors
removed themselves from the investigation to avoid charges of possible conflict
of interest. Those prosecutors had worked at the department at the time of the
incidents involving the environmental agency.

Appointment of an independent counsel would come after a bitter, three-year
dispute between Congressional leaders and the Reagan Administration.

Lawmakers have charged that the Administration needlessly touched off a
constitutional confrontation by invoking the executive's privilege to withhold
certain documents.

The documents involved the special toxic waste cleanup program; investigators
were trying to determine if the program had been improperly manipulated.

The special counsel would be the fifth named under the Ethics in Government Act
of 1978, adopted to prevent abuses by Government officials. Under the law, a
panel of judges selects the counsel and defines the jurisdiction for possible
prosecution.

The last independent counsel was appointed in 1984 to conduct a broad
investigation of Edwin Meese 3d, then President Reagan's nominee for Attorney
General. That counsel, Jacob A. Stein, a Washington lawyer, found no basis for
prosecution.

The Justice Department had no comment on today's reports. Patrick Korten, a
spokesman, said the department was prohibited from discussing cases under
investigation.

The Judiciary Committee report, issued after a two-year investigation, found
that senior Administration lawyers falsely certified that the documents sought
by Congress did not contain evidence of wrongdoing by E.P.A. officials.

In fact, the report said, the materials improperly contained references to
politics, and a document indicated that financing of the cleanup of a waste site
in California had been delayed because of the 1982 elections.

Deciding Without Consulting

The report also found that Justice Department officials decided to seek the
right to claim the privilege to withhold documents on behalf of the
environmental agency's administrator, Anne Burford, without consulting her. Mrs.
Burford, who was cited for contempt of Congress in withholding the material, has
charged that she was misled and then abandoned by the department.

Among others officials criticized in the Judiciary Committee report were these:

* Richard A. Hauser, deputy White House counsel. The report said that Mr. Hauser
certified to a House subcommittee in 1982 that he had reviewed all of the
environmental agency's documents being withheld from a Congressional
subcommittee. In fact, the report said, Mr. Hauser had not even received much of
the material.

* Carol E. Dinkins, former Assistant Attorney General in the Lands Division.
According to the report, Mrs. Dinkins participated in efforts to withhold the
documents from Congress even though she was aware of political references in the
materials.

* Theodore B. Olson, former Assistant Attorney General for Legal Policy. Mr.
Olson, the report said, gave misleading testimony to a House panel involving the
documents. The report also charged that Mr. Olson, in a letter to President
Reagan, falsely claimed that the documents contained no evidence of wrongdoing.

In the past, the three officials and others named in the report have denied
wrongdoing.

After the Judiciary Committee released its report, Justice Department spokesmen
immediately criticized the investigation as unfair.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     July 27, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Justice, Not Plunder

Robert J. Samuelson

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 1026 words


Here's a modest proposal: Let's put a cap on lawyers' pay. If you're an
attorney, you can make $ 1 million a year from lawyering or, perhaps, $ 2
million. Above that, the tax rate is 100 percent. The ceiling would be high
enough to attract bright, hard-working and even greedy people into the law. But
the cap would curb predatory lawyering, which uses the law to amass personal
fortunes of hundreds of millions of dollars.

This is plunder masquerading as justice, and it's on the rise. Just recently,
Coca-Cola was hit with a $ 1.5 billion job bias lawsuit on behalf of black
workers. Dozens of suits have been filed against Microsoft, claiming huge
damages. Health maintenance organizations face countless suits over their
practices. And, of course, there's tobacco. The recent $ 145 billion award
against the industry from a Florida jury comes atop the $ 246 billion settlement
(over 25 years) between cigarette companies and state attorneys general.

Every trial lawyer now dreams of a pot of gold. The aim is to discover some
"deep pocket" from which immense damages--and legal fees--can be extracted. Fees
awarded to private lawyers who represented states in the tobacco litigation
exceed $ 11 billion, with some fees unsettled. In Maryland, attorney Peter
Angelos--owner of the Baltimore Orioles--says he's entitled to 25 percent of the
state's award, estimated at $ 4.4 billion over 25 years. Imitation is
irresistible. The best way to stop the spread of self-enriching suits is to
remove the pot of gold or, at least, reduce it to a small pile.

Generally, Americans have wisely refrained from trying to set the "right" pay
for different occupations. We know there are excesses. Corporate executives,
athletes and movie celebrities sometimes seem indefensibly overpaid. But we
tolerate the excesses, because doing otherwise would compromise freedom and
cripple the market--which, despite flaws, works fairly well in rewarding skill
and risk-taking.

Why make lawyers an exception? The answer is that they are not creatures of the
market. They are not like corporate executives or athletes. They are officers of
the court. They support a governmental process--the legal and judicial
system--and their private interests rightly yield to a larger public interest.

The court system is not a proper arena for capitalist ambition. Its integrity
should not be mortgaged to the quest for personal riches. The defenders of
predatory lawyering argue that it's socially useful. It acts (they say) as a
counterweight to widespread corporate wrongdoing. High fees, though sometimes
offensive, are worth the price for this policing. Detesting corporations, the
defenders bless the process. There are two objections to this argument.

First, corporations are just shells. The ultimate payers are either company
shareholders or customers. If, for example, lawsuits impose higher expenses on
HMOs, the costs will mainly raise insurance premiums. Similarly, the cost of the
tobacco settlement is paid primarily by smokers through higher cigarette prices.
(Since year-end 1997, cigarette prices have risen 57 percent, says the Bureau of
Labor Statistics.)

None of this excuses corporate wrongdoing. But if companies pay, their
wrongdoing ought to be clear and the payments proportionate. This highlights the
second objection: With the economic stakes so high, the legal process is
increasingly manipulated against corporations to produce large payouts. This is
a creeping corruption.

Congress and state legislatures can surely raise cigarette taxes to discourage
smoking. But the premise of the state suits against the industry (which created
the same result) was that smoking imposed extra health costs, for which states
should be reimbursed. The argument remains dubious. Careful studies suggest that
smokers, considering their shorter life spans and the cigarette taxes they
already paid, more than covered their costs. "If everyone were to stop smoking
tomorrow," Harvard Medical School professor Tom Delbanco recently wrote, "the
burden on society from increased longevity could prove enormous" [op-ed, July
9].

Still, the tobacco industry agreed to settle. One reason is that its prospects
in court were poor, because the rules were twisted against it. In Florida and
Maryland, state legislatures--at the behest of suing lawyers--passed laws that
stripped the companies of their main defenses. In Mississippi, the case was
filed in an obscure court, where a sympathetic local judge regularly ruled
against the industry.

Only a moron won't glimpse the dangers. Trial lawyers are huge political donors.
The larger their legal awards, the more they can subsidize the campaigns of
sympathetic local judges (in states where judges are elected), legislators and
congressmen. The result: better chances of prevailing in court; more laws making
it easier to sue; easier grounds for recovery. Taken to its logical conclusion,
this process makes the court system a wholly owned subsidiary of trial lawyers.
The costs are born by consumers and shareholders--and shareholders are,
increasingly, pension funds or people's retirement accounts.

Congress could frustrate this subversion by imposing a punitive tax on lawyers'
earnings. This is not as outlandish as it seems. Already, our tax laws regularly
discriminate for and against different groups on public policy grounds (the
elderly and homeowners get breaks; those without breaks are discriminated
against). Why not extend the principle to a profession? Few lawyers would
actually suffer. Only 17 major firms have average per-partner profits exceeding
$ 1 million, reports the American Lawyer magazine. The cap could be adjusted
annually; if average wages rose 3 percent, so could the lawyers' cap. If a case
took years, rules could permit victorious lawyers to earn up to the cap for each
year.

So attorneys could still sue wayward companies and could still ask for huge
awards for deserving victims. Lawyers simply couldn't collect as much for
themselves. They could become rich but not stupendously wealthy. There would be
ample incentive for justice--and less for plunder.



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

SISD will conduct audit to check for cheating

BYLINE: Alex Hinojosa, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


March 27--Trustees of the Socorro Independent School District on Tuesday
unanimously approved launching an investigation to determine whether its
employees attempted to manipulate students' transfer credits to cheat federal
accountability measures.

The investigation would conduct a review of its grade placement practices,
including foreign transfer student and standardized test administration
procedures for the 2008-09 school year through the present.

"I made the motion not because I feel there's something wrong within the
district; I think our staff has done an exceptional job. However, we need to be
aware of the environment we are in," said Trustee Tony Ayub. "And it'd be
interesting to see if something is happening -- which I don't suspect we will
see -- but we need to put everyone's mind at ease."

Joe Espinoza, superintendent for the Socorro district, said that the district
has not received any allegations of wrongdoing.

"We are being proactive and accountable," Espinoza said. "At this point in time,
we have received zero, no allegations about any wrongdoing at any of our high
schools. I trust the leadership we have in our school district."

The district will hire Pam Padilla, a former superintendent in the Canutillo
Independent School District, at $100 an hour. Padilla conducted an audit of the
San Elizario Independent School District.

Socorro district officials expect to receive the results in six to eight weeks.

Socorro

is the fourth district to have an internal investigation after a cheating scheme
that originated in the El Paso Independent School District also was found in the
Canutillo and San Elizario school districts.

The cheating scandal began to unravel at EPISD under former Superintendent
Lorenzo Garcia. He instructed administrators to promote students to the 11th
grade or keep them in the 9th grade in an effort to keep students who were
limited-English proficient and other sub-populations from taking the state
standardized test.

Garcia is now serving a 3å-year federal prison term for the cheating scheme and
for directing a $450,000 no-bid contract to a mistress. In Canutillo, former
Superintendent Damon Murphy resigned under pressure.

Murphy was a former administrator at EPISD under Garcia's leadership.

At the state level, five bills addressing the cheating scandal were approved by
the Education and Open Government Committees in Austin on Tuesday. The bills
will be presented to the state Senate next week.

"The EPISD scandal has touched unknown numbers of students, and the scheme
developed by Garcia and his administrators has apparently spread to other
districts in our community," state Sen. Jose Rodriguez, D- El Paso, said in a
written statement. "These proposals are just one piece of what must be a
community-wide response to this shameful behavior on the part of administrators,
educators and those who oversee the district."

If passed by both the Senate and the House, the bills would strengthen the Texas
Education Agency's oversight of school districts; add school districts' board of
trustees to the list of county officials who can be removed from office for
incompetence or misconduct; make the fraudulent manipulation of data a
third-degree felony; create a program that would require EPISD to offer remedial
classes and alternative graduation for students cheated out of their education
by administrators; and streng-then the whistle-blower protections.

The decisions by SISD trustees and Rodriguez come after an external audit,
conducted by the San Elizario district, revealed that former high school
Principal Antonio Baca, who worked at the Socorro district from 1985 to 2008,
might have reduced the number of limited-English proficient students in the 10th
grade.

In addition, another former Socorro district teacher and administrator, Jesus
Chavez, became principal of Bowie High School in the El Paso district.

Bowie High became the focal point of the investigation at EPISD.

Socorro board President Michael Najera said that San Elizario's audit result had
nothing to do with the board's decision on Tuesday.

"This is something we've been considering for some time now," Najera said.
"There is just so much going on in the area surrounding the district, and we
want to maintain the community trust. This is something that is necessary and
honestly this has been a distraction so it's best to get it done and move on."

Alex Hinojosa may be reached at ahinojosa@elpasotimes.com; 546-6137.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130327-EY-HLT-SISD-will-conduct-audit-to-check-for-cheating-0327-20130327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 29, 2006 Thursday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Firm owner says spite fueled Lewiston raid;
Defense contractor charges FBI action was caused by lies of ex-employee

BYLINE: By Dan Herbeck - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: LEWISTON


The defense contractor whose offices here were recently searched by federal
agents is the victim of a disgruntled former employee making false accusations,
the company's attorney says.

When a team of federal agents seized numerous documents and computer records
June 7 during a search of Ensil International's offices on Cayuga Street, law
enforcement officials said they were investigating possible questions of
national security.

But no national security infractions occurred at Ensil, said company attorney
Daniel C. Oliverio, adding that the company is cooperating with investigators.

"This case has absolutely nothing to do with terrorism or national security,"
Oliverio said. "The government is looking into some possible technical
violations involving the location where some equipment was being repaired.

"We believe the government will find no wrongdoing of any kind . . . and
certainly no intentional wrongdoing."

The Ontario-based company repairs communications and radar devices for the U.S.
military. According to Oliverio and police in Ontario, the former employee is
accused of making bizarre death threats against Farsad Kiani of Toronto, Ensil's
Iranian-born founder and president.

Oliverio said telephone threats against Kiani have been made by a man who has
used electronic equipment to disguise his voice, and sometimes speaks with
different accents, such as Pakistani, Spanish or Chinese.

John Wombwell, 48, is sought for arrest by York Regional Police. Wombwell is
accused of threatening and harassing Kiani and other former co-workers,
according to a Crime Stoppers bulletin issued on the Internet by York Police
last year.

But Wombwell claims he is an honest whistle blower, and he insists that he is
the person who is being harassed.

In a Tuesday telephone interview, Wombwell told The Buffalo News he has had
harsh disagreements with Kiani, but never threatened him. Wombwell said Kiani
and his company are trying to "destroy" him because of things he knows about the
company and its military contracts.

"Mr. Kiani is a very well-connected, politically active, very rich man," said
Wombwell, who told a reporter he is in hiding in England. "This is a very deep
story and I don't think it bodes well for any military agency that deals with
[Ensil]. This company is not qualified to work on any military equipment."

Wombwell said he has been providing information to the FBI, a claim that Buffalo
FBI agents declined to confirm or deny.

The company does excellent work for the American military and Wombwell's
allegations are "completely false," Oliverio said.

The attorney said Wombwell left Ensil in 2004 and "has an ax to grind" against
Kiani. Oliverio said the company believes Wombwell made false allegations that
led to the current investigation into Ensil's military contracts. Oliverio noted
that York Regional Police have accused Wombwell of criminal harassment, uttering
threats and intimidating witnesses.

U.S. Attorney Terrance P. Flynn said he could not comment on the case.

A reporter who visited Ensil's offices in a small Lewiston office park found two
female employees, who declined to comment and referred questions to Oliverio and
their attorney, Diane Lavallee of Buffalo. Lavallee could not be reached.

On its company Web site, Ensil calls itself "North America's largest
multidiscipline printed circuit board repair organization serving the defense,
aerospace, medical, telecommunications, mainframe and industrial/robotics
industries."

Last October, the company announced that it had been awarded a $128,692 contract
to repair radio frequency amplifiers for the Air Force. In 1999, it said it had
an $8 million Defense Department contract to repair and maintain electronic
systems for the military.

Oliverio said the company has "a handful of people" working in Lewiston, which
he described as mainly a shipping office. At one time, he said, there were about
60 workers in Lewiston. The company's main facility is in Markham, Ont.

e-mail: dherbeck@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Lewis/Buffalo News Agents seized documents and computer records
from this Ensil International office in Lewiston.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           March 24, 1993, Wednesday

'Sharkproof' offers advice to layoff victims

BYLINE: Ernest Holsendolphbooks; employment; aid; humor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 448 words


There is nothing more common in print these days than books about ways to
survive layoffs or find a new job.

But Harvey B. Mackay, a Minnesota manufacturer, has tackled the subject in a
helpful and entertaining way.

It's called "Sharkproof," or "Get the job you want, keep the job you love,''
published by New York-based HarperBusiness.

Mr. Mackay writes with awareness and a style that can lift the spirits.

And a spiritual lift is what many people need these days, especially the shocked
professionals knocked out by company down-sizing.

The waves of firings, layoffs and plant closings have touched all spheres of
activity, and Mr. Mackay captures the troubling mood:

"Firings used to be done with surgical cleanliness. Now they're called
restructurings. . . . It's not one body at a time. Serial killers are on the
loose, hacking away at every corporate roster in the land."

Personal experience

He writes from personal experience, asserting that he was "fired" even though he
owned his business, because he was cut off summarily from capital by his bank.
It was partly the result of tighter lending standards after the savings and loan
scandals.

To keep your job and respond properly to approaching trouble, you need a sharp
eye, Mr. Mackay said.

"Never stop looking out for Number One. And keep an eye out for Number Two also.
If your boss seems to be on shaky ground, if bits and pieces of your department
are starting to disappear, it could mean your entire department is about to be
grafted on the rear end of the unemployment line."

On losing your job, there is little to encourage the unfortunate.

"Tweeners" are getting hit hardest. Those are the people in their 30s to early
50s, operating in their prime, but fully loaded with mortgages, education bills
and programs to fund retirements, and who find it tough to get back on track if
they lose their jobs.

Fresh start

Unsurprisingly, Mr. Mackay finds that many of these people need to look hard at
opportunities to start their own businesses as an alternative to finding another
job, and he tells how to go about it.

Elsewhere, he goes into great detail, step by step, about job searches. Be
informed about the interviewers, he said, and ready to ask questions about the
companies and their corporate style, because it impresses personnel departments.

And finally, Mr. Mackay said, get in shape physically and intellectually while
you hunt.

Overweight, out-of-shape people are the biggest unprotected minority, he said.
But a trim, articulate and well-informed person will always claim attention, and
the benefit of any doubt.

Ernest Holsendolph's column appears every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930900420

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Former Michigan National CEO Wins Hearing to Rebut Charges

                            August 12, 1986, Tuesday

By NINA EASTON

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has agreed to a public hearing
into charges lodged by the agency alleging misuse of corporate funds by the
former chief executive officer of Michigan National Corp., Stanford C. Stoddard.

Mr. Stoddard was also the president and director of the Michigan National Bank
of Detroit, a Michigan National Corp. subsidiary.

The Comptroller is seeking a $500,000 fine against Mr. Stoddard, claiming that
during his tenure at Michigan National he used employees to perform work at his
two homes in Birmingham and Harbor Springs and on buildings that he had donated
to the Mormon church.

Also, the Comptroller's office charges that the bank reimbursed Mr.  Stoddard
for part of the costs of wedding receptions for his son and daughter at the
Bloomfield Hills Country Club.

In addition to the $500,000 fine, the Comptroller wants to bar Mr.  Stoddard
from taking part in the affairs of any federally insured bank.

Attorneys for Mr. Stoddard could not be reached for comment. However, in the
past, he has denied any wrong doing.

The Comptroller's office made the unusual move of airing the charges publicly
after receiving a request from Mr. Stod dard's attorneys, an agency spokesman
said. The administrative hearing, scheduled for Aug. 18, will be in the U.S.
Federal Building and Courthouse, Ann Arbor, Mich.

The investigation into Mr. Stod dard's activities originally sprang from a probe
that regulators were conducting on the bank's dealings with the failed Penn
Square Bank. Michigan National got into trouble in 1982 because of about $195
million in energy loans that it purchased from Penn Square.

The board of directors of the Detroit-based Michigan National, which is the
third largest bank holding company in the state, forced Mr. Stoddard out in 1984
amid internal and regulatory investigations into his uses of bank funds and of
bank employees.

In 1985, Mr. Stoddard agreed to repay the bank $282,000 for his use of bank
employees and materials for work at his homes and at numerous Mormon churches
around the state.

Also in 1985, Michigan National accused Mr. Stoddard of teaming up with rival
Comerica Inc. in its unsuccessful hostile takeover attempts. Court documents
examined at that time showed that Mr. Stoddard had been working with unnamed
Detroit businessmen to make a bid for Michigan National but that he was unable
to come up with the financing.

According to the documents, Mr. Stoddard also talked to Comerica about selling
his 6.8% interest in the bank and about receiving a directorship at Comerica
after the merger, as well as the possibility of buying Michigan National Corp.
subsidiaries that would have to be divested. The Comerica bid was dropped after
Michigan National received a capital infusion from Marine Midland.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 468 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

SISD will conduct audit to check for cheating

BYLINE: By Alex Hinojosa \ EL PASO TIMES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 739 words


Trustees of the Socorro Independent School District on Tuesday unanimously
approved launching an investigation to determine whether its employees attempted
to manipulate students' transfer credits to cheat federal accountability
measures.

The investigation would conduct a review of its grade placement practices,
including foreign transfer student and standardized test administration
procedures for the 2008-09 school year through the present.

"I made the motion not because I feel there's something wrong within the
district; I think our staff has done an exceptional job. However, we need to be
aware of the environment we are in," said Trustee Tony Ayub. "And it'd be
interesting to see if something is happening -- which I don't suspect we will
see -- but we need to put everyone's mind at ease."

Joe Espinoza, superintendent for the Socorro district, said that the district
has not received any allegations of wrongdoing.

"We are being proactive and accountable," Espinoza said. "At this point in time,
we have received zero, no allegations about any wrongdoing at any of our high
schools. I trust the leadership we have in our school district."

The district will hire Pam Padilla, a former superintendent in the Canutillo
Independent School District, at $100 an hour. Padilla conducted an audit of the
San Elizario Independent School District.

Socorro district officials expect to receive the results in six to eight weeks.

Socorro is the fourth district to have an internal investigation after a
cheating scheme that originated in the El Paso Independent School District also
was found in the Canutillo and San Elizario school districts.

The cheating scandal began to unravel at EPISD under former Superintendent
Lorenzo Garcca. He instructed administrators to promote students to the 11th
grade or keep them in the 9th grade in an effort to keep students who were
limited-English proficient and other sub-populations from taking the state
standardized test.

Garcca is now serving a 3c-year federal prison term for the cheating scheme and
for directing a $450,000 no-bid contract to a mistress. In Canutillo, former
Superintendent Damon Murphy resigned under pressure.

Murphy was a former administrator at EPISD under Garcca's leadership.

At the state level, five bills addressing the cheating scandal were approved by
the Education and Open Government Committees in Austin on Tuesday. The bills
will be presented to the state Senate next week.

"The EPISD scandal has touched unknown numbers of students, and the scheme
developed by Garcca and his administrators has apparently spread to other
districts in our community," state Sen. Josc Rodrcguez, D- El Paso, said in a
written statement. "These proposals are just one piece of what must be a
community-wide response to this shameful behavior on the part of administrators,
educators and those who oversee the district."

If passed by both the Senate and the House, the bills would strengthen the Texas
Education Agency's oversight of school districts; add school districts' board of
trustees to the list of county officials who can be removed from office for
incompetence or misconduct; make the fraudulent manipulation of data a
third-degree felony; create a program that would require EPISD to offer remedial
classes and alternative graduation for students cheated out of their education
by administrators; and streng-then the whistle-blower protections.

The decisions by SISD trustees and Rodrcguez come after an external audit,
conducted by the San Elizario district, revealed that former high school
Principal Antonio Baca, who worked at the Socorro district from 1985 to 2008,
might have reduced the number of limited-English proficient students in the 10th
grade.

In addition, another former Socorro district teacher and administrator, Jesus
Chavez, became principal of Bowie High School in the El Paso district.

Bowie High became the focal point of the investigation at EPISD.

Socorro board President Michael Najera said that San Elizario's audit result had
nothing to do with the board's decision on Tuesday.

"This is something we've been considering for some time now," Najera said.
"There is just so much going on in the area surrounding the district, and we
want to maintain the community trust. This is something that is necessary and
honestly this has been a distraction so it's best to get it done and move on."

Alex Hinojosa may be reached at ahinojosa@elpasotimes.com; 546-6137.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joe Espinoza, area superintendent in the Houston Independent School
District and finalist for superintendent in the Socorro Independent School
District, spoke Thursday at the district headquarters.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                            August 17, 2004, Tuesday

California employees' pension fund considers divesture of CACI International

BYLINE: By Gilbert Chan

LENGTH: 700 words



The California Public Employees' Retirement System will consider divesting its
holdings in defense contractor CACI International Inc., which is embroiled in
the Iraq prison scandal.

Trustees directed investment officers Monday to weigh pending federal
investigations into the company's role in the abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib
prison near Baghdad and determine if the $ 166 billion pension plan should
unload its $ 10 million investment.

The move came after Phil Angelides, California treasurer and a CalPERS trustee,
leveled further criticism at CACI.

"If they want to continue in the interrogation business -- we shouldn't be in
this company," said Angelides, a trustee of CalPERS and the California State
Teachers' Retirement System. "It is clear they didn't have the management
controls to protect the company or the shareholders."

CACI spokeswoman Jody Brown said Monday the company has not been charged with
any wrongdoing. CACI, she said in a statement, will "take swift action if the
evidence demonstrates wrongdoing by any of its employees."

The federal government is investigating accusations that a CACI interrogator was
involved in abusing prisoners. CACI has denied allegations that it conspired
with the U.S. military to torture and abuse prisoners. Last week, the company
said preliminary results of an internal investigation found no evidence of
wrongdoing.

Angelides has enlisted Cal-PERS, the nation's largest public pension fund, and
CalSTRS, the No. 3 fund, to put pressure on

CACI. The two funds own a combined 287,000 shares in CACI, or about 1 percent of
shares.

In a meeting with CalPERS and CalSTRS officials two weeks ago, CACI executives
defended their work and pointed out that new safeguards had been set up to
prevent potential problems.

The Arlington, Va.-based company has accused Angelides of political
grandstanding. He is a likely candidate for governor in 2006.

But Angelides said the prison scandal has cast a financial cloud over CACI and
the pension fund's reputation.

The company's stock price has dropped 13.2 percent since news of the prisoner
abuses surfaced at the end of April. Shares are down 25.5 percent since hitting
a 52-week high in December. CACI closed Monday at $ 39.46 a share, up 58 cents.

"They subjected all of us as shareholders to tremendous risk," Angelides said.

Last week, the U.S. Army extended its contract for CACI interrogators, a deal
worth up to $ 23 million. CACI Chief Executive J.P. London stated: "We have been
criticized by some for our providing interrogation services at the request of
the U.S. Army, but we have been resolute in our position that in wartime we
should respond when called."


PENSION FUND TRUSTEES CALL FOR PROXY STUDY: Trustees of the California Public
Employees' Retirement System on Monday called for a study into a rule that would
require public disclosure of talks between trustees and investment officers over
proxy decisions.

The move by the board's Investment Committee was sparked by state Controller
Steve Westly, a former eBay executive, after questions arose about whether he
had a role in the fund's June proxy vote for an eBay stock option plan.
Officials said Westly did not influence their decision.

In June, CalPERS backed a plan that gave 9 percent of the online auction
company's stock options to its top five executives a move inconsistent with a
board policy that sets a 5 percent limit. The fund set the limit to rein in
runaway executive compensation.

State Treasurer Phil Angelides said he was dismayed by the position the CalPERS
investment staff took on the eBay issue and wondered if their decision was
influenced by outside sources, including other board members.

Westly said a disclosure policy would answer critics who contend CalPERS' proxy
decisions have been motivated by politics.

"We need to bring more sunshine to CalPERS," Westly said. "I want to make sure
staff is doing the right thing without undue influence."

A proposed policy could be ready for review in October, officials said.


-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-PENSION-FUND-20040817

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 Sacramento Bee


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             January 7, 2011 Friday
                             First Replate Edition

Senator's review of ministers ends;
Long, Dollar among 6 in Senate panel's report.;
Committee looked at tax policy issues.

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 542 words


A report for the U.S. Senate Finance Committee released Thursday sheds light on
the operations of six televangelist ministries, including two in Georgia.

Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, released a staff review of the practices of the
ministries, including those led by Bishop Eddie Long of New Birth Missionary
Baptist Church and the Rev. Creflo Dollar and Taffi Dollar of World Changers
Church International/Creflo Dollar Ministries.

The review wraps up a three-year investigation into the ministries.

"We didn't evaluate each ministry for findings of wrongdoing, as we're not an
enforcement agency," said Jill Gerber, Grassley's press secretary. "Instead, we
found the basis for a serious stakeholder discussion of tax policy issues that
would affect ministries and churches, such as whether the parsonage tax
allowance should be limited for those who have multiple mansions and lake
houses, tax-free."

According to Fulton County property records, the review said, Creflo and Taffi
Dollar bought a residence at 4695 Hamden Forest in August 1996.

In April 1998, the Dollars executed a quitclaim deed to convey the property to
World Changers Church International Inc. for zero dollars.

"A quitclaim deed means any debt associated with the property would now become
the responsibility of WCCI," the review stated. The loan associated with the
property was paid off later that year.

The committee staff said it was unable to determine if the Dollars paid off the
loan to the bank or if WCCI paid the loan.

World Changers could not be reached for comment.

Grassley wrote to six televangelist ministries in 2007 requesting information
about their operations. Of the six ministries, only two, Joyce Meyer Ministries
and Benny Hinn of World Healing Center Church, provided answers to all the
questions.

Three ministries provided incomplete information. They were Randy and Paula
White of Without Walls International Church; Long's New Birth Missionary Baptist
Church/Eddie L. Long Ministries; and Kenneth and Gloria Copeland of Kenneth
Copeland Ministries.

World Changers, which was incorporated in 1994, was called the "least
cooperative." To date, the review said, the committee staff has been unable to
determine the names of the ministry's board members or any information regarding
compensation.

The committee staff also was unable to locate any information regarding Long's
salary from New Birth, and New Birth did not provide that information to
Grassley's staff. However, there are some examples of money that flowed to Long.

In the summer of 2008, for example, Long spoke at Without Walls International
Church in Tampa.

According to a staff member of Without Walls, Long charged the church $7,500 for
fuel for the private jet he used to fly from Atlanta to Tampa.

Additionally, according to the review, the church paid his hotel costs and a
$15,000 honorarium.

Long issued a statement through his spokesman, Art Franklin.

"From the very beginning of this exhaustive process, I was absolutely confident
that a comprehensive investigation would clear me of any wrongdoing," the
statement said. "I am relieved that after more than three years of intense
investigation and countless untrue allegations that Sen. Charles Grassley's
review has found no evidence of wrongdoing."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Wrongdoing in Atlanta schools' cheating scandal has lessons for Israel

BYLINE: ASHER MEIR

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 939 words


The recent cheating scandal in the Atlanta, Georgia, school system has many
instructive elements for business ethics in general and for Israel in
particular.

In the late 1990s, students in the Atlanta school system were performing very
badly. Fewer than 40 percent of students graduated, and standardized test scores
were very low compared to national averages. In 1999, the school system brought
in a new superintendent, Beverly Hall, who had an impressive record of turning
around troubled school districts. Hall began an energetic effort to transform
the school system. Her belief in the potential of all students led her to demand
improvements in even the weakest schools, and her desire for accountability led
to increasing reliance on standardized test scores.

The results were dramatic: Over the next decade, test scores and graduation
rates improved dramatically, and the success of the school system brought in
over a $100 million in scholarship money and made huge investments in new
schools. In 2009, Hall was named national superintendent of the year.

But some suspected that the results were too good to be true. A local newspaper,
the Atlanta Journal Constitution undertook an investigation and found evidence
of cheating. The State of Georgia, to its great credit, took the allegations
seriously and launched a major investigation. Ultimately, hard evidence of
cheating was found. Dozens of teachers admitted altering test results and at
least 178 (about 5% of the total number of Atlanta teachers) have been asked to
resign due to persuasive evidence of misconduct. When 2010 exams were
administered under much closer scrutiny, results dropped dramatically.

The main lesson is the role of pressure in incentivizing wrongdoing. Studies
show that most people are quite reluctant to engage in fraud or cheating; only
under unusual pressure will they do so. The New York Times reported that Hall's
worthy goal was "to create a culture that demanded achievement, based on her
core belief that every child - no matter his or her life circumstances - can
learn enough to meet certain standards." But many claim she took this belief to
an extreme: that it "was so unbending that people would rather erase wrong
scores - and reap the financial and workplace perks associated with improved
test scores - than tell her children could not pass."

A common denominator of innumerable ethics scandals is a new, dynamic and
demanding boss who refuses to take no for an answer. Of course, this approach is
also the common denominator of innumerable success stories, underlining the need
for finding the way to be demanding without encouraging wrongdoing.

Another element here is the success of two accountability mechanisms that do not
always function well: the press and the political system. Local newspapers
function as both watchdog and cheerleader, but sometimes being cheerleader is
the path of least resistance. It is easy to make readers feel good, applaud the
achievements of the schools and above all the school children, while ignoring
unproven suspicions of cheating.

The Atlanta Journal Constitution deserves credit for its investigative
journalism. The political system has an equally problematic dynamic. When the
Atlanta schools look good, the governor and the state government also look good.
When a state investigation makes the schools look bad, they get credit for the
investigation, but it may - unfairly - leave their image ultimately more
tarnished than before. Add to this that an investigation of this scope requires
immense resources, and we begin to see the extent to which the responsible
reaction of Georgia's state institutions cannot be taken for granted.

I have the feeling that these lessons should be studied in Israel. Recently a
troubled school district near Haifa improved its students' results in the
matriculation exams (bagrut) from about 35% (way below average) to over 70% (way
above average) in only two years. Newspapers were filled with glowing reports of
this school's success and adulatory interviews with school officials explaining
how the improvement was attained.

It may well be that these reports are justified, but such a large and sudden
improvement should automatically raise suspicions. That doesn't mean that the
improvement should automatically raise a presumption of wrongdoing, but it does
mean that the press's role as watchdog should obligate it to ask some hard
questions and snoop around a bit; for example, it could examine if the
independently administered psychometric tests showed a parallel improvement.

I do not see any evidence that this was done. Likewise, one would expect the
Education Ministry to take a careful look at the exams. (Of course the
possibility exists that this was done and everything was found to be on the up
and up.)

In general, in Israel, as elsewhere in the world, there is political pressure to
incentivize schools and teachers based on test scores. Putting aside the
educational considerations for and against this approach, policy makers must
carefully look at the possible incentives for wrongdoing involved. Unethical
behavior is harmful always and everywhere, but the negative example in the
school system is particularly pernicious.

Even gifted and well-meaning managers can unwittingly create fertile ground for
misconduct. To discover and root out such misconduct it is critical that the
press and government institutions take their oversight responsibilities
seriously.

ethics-at-work@besr.org

Asher Meir is research director at the Business Ethics Center of Jerusalem, an
independent institute in the Jerusalem College of Technology (Machon Lev).

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ETHICS @ WORK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

REPORT ENDS CITY INQUIRY

BYLINE: JESSIE VAN BERKEL

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BNV01

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA: Sylint checked allegations of computer fraud by city employees

SARASOTA

Show's over, time to move on.

That's what many city officials tried to stress Monday after they heard the
final report from cyber security group Sylint. For months, Mayor Suzanne Atwell
has said the company needs to end its investigation, which she said held the
city hostage.

"My final words are we need to move on," Atwell said Monday. "It's been
frustrating, it's been long, it's been drawn out."

Sarasota hired Sylint more than a year ago to look into allegations of potential
computer fraud by city employees.

After the company's initial investigation found potential wrongdoing by the city
manager and his deputy, law enforcement began investigating -- including the
FBI, Florida Department of Law Enforcement and U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

FDLE finished its investigation and did not find criminal activity.

City Manager Tom Barwin said he talked with HUD special agent Jamila Davis, who
said their investigation was completed and no criminal wrongdoing was found. He
also said state law enforcement indicated the FBI had concluded their
investigation as well.

After those agencies got involved, Sylint took another tack, said the company's
CEO, John Jorgensen. They decided not to chase details like who created the
numerous administrator accounts that were being used by people who should not
have had such access.

"We realized there's only so much money and its better to think about spending
it wisely," Jorgensen said.

After conferring with the City Auditor and Clerk's Office, Jorgensen said they
focused on overhauling the city's Information Technology Department.

"They felt the security of the system and the welfare of the network was more
important," he said.

Jorgensen told commissioners that investigatory work was about 15 or 20 percent
of what Sylint did in Sarasota. The company charged the city about $125,000.

During the law enforcement and private investigations, former IT Director Chance
Craig was fired and City Manager Bob Bartolotta resigned.

Gauging the situation

While criminal wrongdoing was not found, Commissioner Shannon Snyder said that
there is still a problem with employee ethics. He has repeatedly voiced concerns
about Deputy City Manager Marlon Brown.

"I think that everyone would like to move on with this but I think there has
been a real problem here, especially with the unethical behavior," Snyder said.

Among the numerous suggestions and problems outlined in the report, Jorgensen
said he found someone was playing computer games on Brown's computer for up to
20 hours.

The games could allow malware to infect the system, and are "a very dangerous
situation and should not be allowed," Jorgensen said.

Brown's son, who was waiting for his father to finish meetings, played the
games, Barwin said.

The city also needs to make consider how employees handle personal iPhones and
iPads, Jorgensen said.

Allowing people to use personal equipment to discuss public business could lead
to Sunshine Law suits, he warned.

Commissioner Terry Turner, who supported Bartolotta and expressed concerns about
the Sylint investigation's cost early on, pointed out that the city can't block
everything.

"We're vulnerable even with good policies," Turner said.

But Jorgensen said the city needs to take further steps to prevent cyber
attacks, because public agencies across the state and nation have been hacked.

If system failures allow hackers to access personal indentifying information and
health information, the city could face a major suit.

Attorney Steve Teppler, who worked with Sarasota on the IT investigations, sent
the city a letter Monday saying that after reviewing the Sylint report, and a
report by Sunera, another company Sarasota hired to investigate, he found no
health information data breaches.

In three to six months, after the IT department has time to go through the 89
items he suggested, Jorgensen said the city should have an outside auditor gauge
the cyber security situation -- and whether more needs to be done to protect
Sarasota.

"My final words are we need to move on. It's been frustrating, it's been long,
it's been drawn out."

-- Mayor Suzanne Atwell

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarasota Mayor Suzanne Atwell said, "My final words are we need to move
on. It's been frustrating, It's been long." Jorgensen Snyder

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 7, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Two Guards Disciplined at Guantanamo;
Four Others Cleared, Officials Say in Detailing Allegations of Excessive Force

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A13

LENGTH: 551 words


Two guards at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay have been disciplined
for using excessive force against detainees since the facility opened in early
2002 and four others have been investigated but cleared, officials said
yesterday.

The announcement of wrongdoing, which occurred in 2002 and 2003, and the
punishment of two guards in the Army Reserve come amid growing international
outrage about the abuse of Iraqi prisoners by U.S. military personnel at  Abu
Ghraib prison in Baghdad.

In one of the substantiated cases of excessive force at Guantanamo Bay, a guard
sprayed a prisoner with a hose after the detainee threw food out his cell window
and splashed the guard with toilet water from his cell in September 2002, said
Raul Duany, a spokesman for the U.S. Southern Command, which oversees the
Guantanamo Bay  prison in Cuba.

In the other case, which occurred in April 2003, an Army Reserve specialist
observed a prisoner assaulting a fellow guard and hit the detainee twice on the
head with his radio. After the detainee was subdued, the specialist hit him
again at least once and possibly more times with the radio, Duany said,
apparently because the detainee had bitten the first guard.

In each case,  the specialist's  rank was reduced to private first class, which
substantially lowers their pay, Duany said. The specialist who wielded the hose
also had his movements on the base restricted for seven days and was reassigned
to other duties. The guard who struck the detainee with the radio received 45
days of extra duty and was transferred to a new job.

In a third case, which stemmed from a "disturbance" by at least one detainee in
April 2003, an Army Reserve staff sergeant, "feeling the lives of his troops
were in danger," used pepper spray to subdue a prisoner, Duany said.

Officials believed use of the spray was "outside the rules of engagement" in
that case, and the guard was offered an administrative finding of wrongdoing,
Duany said. The sergeant refused, and his case went to a court-martial, where he
was acquitted,  Duany said.

Three other allegations of wrongdoing involving detainees "were looked at and
found not to be substantiated,"  he said.

"We look at all these cases as examples of our zero-tolerance policy" for
impropriety by guards, Duany said. "If any allegation comes up, we deal with it
expeditiously." Guards at Guantanamo Bay are continually drilled on military law
and procedures, he said.

Detention operations are being reviewed at Guantanamo Bay and at the naval  brig
in Charleston, S.C., where the United States is holding three men it has labeled
"enemy combatants." They are Yaser Esam Hamdi, a Saudi student who was born in
this country and captured on an Afghan battlefield; Jose Padilla, an American
citizen arrested in Chicago for allegedly plotting to detonate a radioactive
"dirty bomb;" and Ali Saleh Kahlah Marri,  a Bradley University graduate student
accused of being an al Qaeda sleeper agent.

Upon their release from Guantanamo Bay in March, four British detainees alleged
they had been severely abused by prison guards, and one said he was forced to
look at naked prostitutes. U.S. officials strenuously denied it. A number of
other released prisoners have said they had few or no complaints about their
treatment at the jail.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Bay Area News Group asks court to order Mt. Diablo school district to release
public documents on suspected molester

BYLINE: By Lisa Vorderbrueggen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 447 words


WALNUT CREEK -- The Bay Area News Group is asking a judge to force the Mt.
Diablo Unified School District to release internal records about a former
Concord elementary teacher charged with sexually molesting 13 young male
students.

Citing personnel and investigatory exemptions in the state's public records law,
the district has refused to produce documents pertaining to former Woodside
Elementary teacher Joseph Martin, 45, who pleaded not guilty in July to 125
felony molestation counts.

The news organization, which owns the Contra Costa Times, San Jose Mercury News
and Oakland Tribune, argued in a lawsuit filed in Contra Costa Superior Court
that the records are not exempt and must be disclosed.

Judges in numerous previous court cases have upheld the public's right to access
information about well-founded allegations of wrongdoing by public employees,
said BANG attorney Duffy Carolan.

"The district can't hide behind claims of privacy or privilege to protect from
public oversight Mr. Martin's wrongdoing or the district's response to it,"
Carolan said. "Its legal position is untenable and shortsighted. The public
deserves answers."

BANG investigative reporter Matthias Gafni formally requested records of
allegations involving Martin after prosecutors charged the once-popular teacher
with molesting 13 students as far back as 2006. If convicted, Martin faces life
in prison.

In addition to the criminal proceedings against the teacher, three claims and a
civil rights lawsuit have been filed against district employees alleging
officials had earlier suspicions of Martin's abuse but failed to report him to
police or Child Protective Services as required by law.

The most recent claim cites a 2013 police report, which quoted from a 2006
internal Mt. Diablo school district document about finding "potential child
abuse" at the hands of Martin. The police report also says no one from the
district reported Martin to Child Protective Services or law enforcement
authorities back then, but instead created new rules for Martin, such as keeping
his classroom door open at all times.

The records sought by BANG likely include district investigations into several
incidents witnessed and reported to district officials by other teachers.

One such complaint was made in 2006 after a teacher one evening walked in on
Martin and a male student who were behind a closet door with their shoes off.
Another teacher complained that older boys who had graduated often returned to
the school and entered Martin's room alone, and that the classroom door was
locked.

As of late Friday afternoon, the district's legal counsel and school board
members did not respond to a request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Bay Area News Group asks court to order Mt. Diablo school district to release
public documents on suspected molester

BYLINE: By Lisa Vorderbrueggen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 447 words


WALNUT CREEK -- The Bay Area News Group is asking a judge to force the Mt.
Diablo Unified School District to release internal records about a former
Concord elementary teacher charged with sexually molesting 13 young male
students.

Citing personnel and investigatory exemptions in the state's public records law,
the district has refused to produce documents pertaining to former Woodside
Elementary teacher Joseph Martin, 45, who pleaded not guilty in July to 125
felony molestation counts.

The news organization, which owns the Contra Costa Times, San Jose Mercury News
and Oakland Tribune, argued in a lawsuit filed in Contra Costa Superior Court
that the records are not exempt and must be disclosed.

Judges in numerous previous court cases have upheld the public's right to access
information about well-founded allegations of wrongdoing by public employees,
said BANG attorney Duffy Carolan.

"The district can't hide behind claims of privacy or privilege to protect from
public oversight Mr. Martin's wrongdoing or the district's response to it,"
Carolan said. "Its legal position is untenable and shortsighted. The public
deserves answers."

BANG investigative reporter Matthias Gafni formally requested records of
allegations involving Martin after prosecutors charged the once-popular teacher
with molesting 13 students as far back as 2006. If convicted, Martin faces life
in prison.

In addition to the criminal proceedings against the teacher, three claims and a
civil rights lawsuit have been filed against district employees alleging
officials had earlier suspicions of Martin's abuse but failed to report him to
police or Child Protective Services as required by law.

The most recent claim cites a 2013 police report, which quoted from a 2006
internal Mt. Diablo school district document about finding "potential child
abuse" at the hands of Martin. The police report also says no one from the
district reported Martin to Child Protective Services or law enforcement
authorities back then, but instead created new rules for Martin, such as keeping
his classroom door open at all times.

The records sought by BANG likely include district investigations into several
incidents witnessed and reported to district officials by other teachers.

One such complaint was made in 2006 after a teacher one evening walked in on
Martin and a male student who were behind a closet door with their shoes off.
Another teacher complained that older boys who had graduated often returned to
the school and entered Martin's room alone, and that the classroom door was
locked.

As of late Friday afternoon, the district's legal counsel and school board
members did not respond to a request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 13, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lawyer to repay Farrington estates

BYLINE: By Patrick Lakamp - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1022 words


An estate lawyer accused of a "wrongful scheme" to steer money to himself from
the estates of the late June M. Farrington and her surviving brother will pay
back $410,000 as part of a settlement.

Estate lawyer Stephen M. Newman also resigned as executor and trustee of all of
the estates and trusts he set up for the elderly Orchard Park siblings. That
means he will not collect any future commissions.

That also means three charities -- the Community Foundation for Greater Buffalo,
the Nature Conservancy and the Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo Foundation
-- will receive the millions of dollars in her trust. The amount is about $9
million, according to the charities' attorney.

"Her intent has been fulfilled, and all of those amendments that feathered the
nests of others are of no moment," said Daniel C. Oliverio, chairman of the
Hodgson Russ law firm, which represents the charities.

In all, the settlement transfers more than $1.6 million to various Farrington
trusts from Newman; Nixon Peabody, the law firm for whom he once worked; the
Pankauski Law Firm of West Palm Beach, Fla., which has represented Newman; Bank
of America, which had been a co-executor of June Farrington's will; and various
escrow accounts.

The settlement did not require Newman or anyone else to admit to wrongdoing.

"After years of litigation, this matter was resolved without any admission or
finding of wrongdoing on the part of Nixon Peabody, Bank of America or Steve
Newman," said Terrence M. Connors, one of Newman's attorneys. "Essentially,
Nixon Peabody, Bank of America and Steve returned a portion of the fees and
commissions, and the charities and the representatives of the Farringtons agreed
to the resolution."

The settlement in Erie County Surrogate's Court last week designates June
Farrington's 1999 trust agreement as her estate's controlling document. All of
the later trust agreements and amendments that changed how her money would be
disbursed are now deemed "inoperative."

June Farrington's 1999 trust -- funded with money she inherited from her
father's hand-tool fortune -- left all of her assets to the three charities upon
her death. When she died in 2008 at age 84, they counted on sharing her bequest.

But the charities discovered June Farrington's estate had been restructured to
eliminate the outright gifts to them. Instead, a perpetual charitable trust had
been created, with Newman acting as co-trustee and collecting commissions, to
contribute smaller amounts annually to the charities.

A fight over her millions of dollars erupted in Surrogate's Court.

At one hearing in March, 22 lawyers assembled before Erie County Surrogate
Barbara Howe to delve into the contested estates.

In court documents, the charities' attorneys accused Newman and Joan Morgante, a
caretaker whom he introduced to the Farringtons, of a "wrongful scheme" and
"working together to weave their way into the Farrington siblings' estate plans
through fraud and undue influence and by taking advantage of June's and Worth's
incapacity."

Newman, 67, who catered to wealthy clients from law offices in Amherst and Palm
Beach County, Fla., slowly restructured the siblings' estate plans so that he
and Morgante would benefit from their estates, the charities' attorneys
contended.

A will for Worth Farrington, June's surviving brother, named Morgante as sole
beneficiary of his estate -- worth more than $6 million.

After Howe named Public Administrator Acea M. Mosey as co-administrator of June
Farrington's estate and also a trustee of other Farrington trusts, Mosey's
attorneys delved into how the Farrington estates were changed and where their
money was going.

The law firm of Stanley J. Collesano, working for Mosey, helped trace the money,
Oliverio said.

"It kept getting worse and worse," Oliverio said of Newman's and Morgante's
actions. "The more investigating there was, the worse it got."

The agreement releases the parties from further claims against each other --
with the exception of the state's attorney general.

So while Newman has resolved the dispute with the charities over June
Farrington's estate, the agreement does not stop the attorney general from
pursuing action against him.

The charities decided against settling for anything less than the full amount to
which they were entitled, Oliverio said.

"Most would have settled for less, but not these charities," he said. "They were
prepared to do whatever was necessary to recover every single dollar -- and they
were successful. They protected their donors' money."

At times, the case revealed bizarre twists.

Morgante, 73, headed to Amherst Town Hall with Worth Farrington in October to
get a marriage license so the two could wed.

A town clerk refused to issue the marriage license because Worth Farrington did
not know his birth date, address and the name of the person who wanted to marry
him, among other simple questions.

Morgante at one time was Worth Farrington's caretaker and lived in a $325,000
townhouse in Amherst that his trust fund paid for.

The scrutiny paid to June Farrington's estate led to the appointment of a
guardian for Worth Farrington. Medical records dating back to 2007 revealed a
history of dementia as well as Parkinson's disease.

Rocco Lucente II, the attorney who appointed his guardian, said the 86-year-old
man does not see well, is hard of hearing and suffers from an ailment that
impairs his ability to understand the Surrogate's Court proceedings.

"It became apparent that I would need to undertake action to protect my ward
from questionable conduct of certain parties to these proceedings," Lucente said
in court papers filed last week in court.

Lucente said the work of Assistant Attorney General William Malovan and Kenneth
Peters, a state attorney general investigator, "uncovered further questionable
conduct on the part of Stephen M. Newman and caregiver Joan Morgante."

Morgante signed the settlement agreement, but it does not require her to pay
money back to the Farrington estates.

The conditions Lucente set for agreeing to the settlement include the return of
$1.2 million taken from the Worth L. Farrington 2008 Trust.

email: plakamp@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephen M. Newman resigned as executor and trustee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 1, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Black, Radler accused of treating firm as 'piggy bank': They are said to have
siphoned off $400 million from Hollinger International

BYLINE: David Baines, Vancouver Sun; with files from Bloomberg and the Financial
Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1442  words


A special committee examining financial wrongdoing at Hollinger International
Inc. has alleged that chief executives Conrad Black and David Radler -- a
well-known Vancouver businessman -- and several associates "victimized" the
company by siphoning off $400 million in cash from 1997 to 2003.

The committee alleged in a 513-page report released Tuesday that these payments
represented more than 95 per cent of Hollinger's aggregate adjusted net income
for the period.

Strong language through the report accuses Black and Radler of lining "their
pockets at the expense of Hollinger almost every day," while Black was singled
out for making ethical corruption "a defining characteristic of the leadership
team."

Black and his wife Barbara Amiel Black allegedly used Hollinger as a private
"piggy bank," billing numerous personal expenses to the company.

As a result of the massive cash drain, "Hollinger's relative stock price and
operating performance during the years in question were among the worst of its
peer group of publicly traded publishing companies," the committee said.

Contacted at Hollinger's former headquarters on West Fifth Avenue, Radler denied
any wrongdoing: "The board approved every transaction in question, in one form
or another," he said.

He described the allegations as "disturbing" and "horrid" and said that no
matter how the situation is resolved, he will be forever tainted by the
allegations.

Some 14 months in the making, the report describes a litany of financial
improprieties allegedly committed by Black, Radler and several associates under
the oversight of a board of directors that asked few questions.

In particular, it said the board's audit committee, led by former Illinois
Governor James Thompson, was "ineffective and careless." It further stated that
another director, former U.S. under-secretary of defence Richard Perle, should
return $5.4 million in pay after "putting his own interests above those of
Hollinger's shareholders."

"I've never read anything like this," said Steven Cohen, chief investment
officer at Kellner DiLeo Cohen & Co., a New York money manager that owned
474,500 Hollinger shares as of June. "If these allegations can be proven, this
would have to be considered one of the most egregious, excessive, awful acts of
corporate governance that's ever been uncovered."

The silver lining for public shareholders is that it gives Hollinger more
ammunition as it pursues a lawsuit against Black and tries to hold directors
accountable, said Laura Jereski, an analyst with Tweedy Browne Co.

Tweedy Browne is Hollinger's largest institutional investor and the firm that
blew the whistle on Black's and Radler's alleged excesses last year.

The board ousted Black and Radler in November and has since sued them in federal
court in Chicago, seeking $1.25 billion in damages.

Black, 60, also denied the allegations. "The special committee's report is
recycling the same exaggerated claims laced with outright lies that have been
peddled in leaks to the media and over-reaching lawsuits," according to a
statement by Ravelston Corp., one of two holding companies Black and Radler use
to control Hollinger International.

The allegations in the committee's report, which have not been proven,
represents the most serious indictment of Black's and Radler's stewardship of
the newspaper empire they founded in 1969 when they bought the Sherbrooke Record
in Quebec.

For years, Radler nurtured an image of a penny-pinching, pencil-counting
newspaper proprietor. In 1980, he bragged to the federal Kent Commission on
press ownership that his and partner Conrad Black's greatest contribution to
Canadian journalism was "the three-man newsroom, and two of them sell ads."

The chain expanded to include the London Daily Telegraph, the Jerusalem Post and
the Chicago Sun-Times.

In 1996, Hollinger acquired Southam Inc., a Canadian newspaper chain that
included The Vancouver Sun and the Province, and in 1998 it launched the
National Post.

(In 2000, Hollinger sold Southam and a 50-per-cent interest in the Post to
CanWest Global Communications Corp., which later purchased the other half of the
Post.)

Despite the company's size and influence, Radler maintained Hollinger's
headquarters in a nondescript building on West 5th Avenue, described by
now-defunct Equity magazine as "esthetically, somewhere between an upscale
muffler shop and your Auntie Marie's condo flowerbox."

But this apparent austerity, judging by the committee's report, was deceiving.

"Over the years success or failure at Hollinger was measured largely by how much
cash -- and even chunks of the company -- could be transferred from Hollinger"
to Black, Radler and their affiliates, according to the committee's report.

Among other revelations, the panel disclosed new details about personal expenses
claimed by Black and his wife, Barbara Amiel Black, a former Telegraph
columnist.

These included $2,463 for handbags, $2,785 in opera tickets, $2,083 on exercise
equipment, "summer drinks" that cost $24,950 and a $42,870 "Happy Birthday
Barbara dinner party" at New York's La Grenouille restaurant attended by
designer Oscar de la Renta and television broadcasters Peter Jennings, Charlie
Rose and Barbara Walters.

The $212-per-plate meal, given for 80 guests, included beluga caviar, lobster
ceviche and 69 bottles of wine.

The Blacks swapped Park Avenue apartments with the company, moving into a more
lavish Hollinger-owned apartment for $2.5 million less than market value,
according to the report. Hollinger got their apartment on a lower floor of the
same building, and the Blacks continued to use it to house the family's domestic
staff and personal friends, the report said.

"The intensity of the pressure for tens of millions in cash payments to Black,
irrespective of corporate performance or the fairness of transactions to
shareholders, led to a series of abusive transactions," the report said.

For the first time, Hollinger International singled out for criticism certain
members of Black's board, which was studded with Black's friends and political
figures including Thompson, Perle, former U.S. Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger, former U.S. ambassador to Germany Richard Burt and Marie-Josee
Kravis, the wife of financier Henry Kravis.

The report said the audit committee, made up of Thompson, Burt and Kravis, never
asked for the business rationale of an annual management fee paid to Ravelston
that spiraled to $31 million in 2001 from $4.1 million in 1995. Black and Radler
are Ravelston's primary shareholders.

The audit committee "passively acceded to Black's and Radler's demands" when it
authorized $60 million in compensation for reaching non-competition agreements
with buyers of newspapers Hollinger was selling.

Among other allegations, the special committee said Black and Radler transferred
income-generating Hollinger International newspapers to entities they "secretly"
controlled, either for free, or for prices known to be below market value.

"This was accomplished by concealing key facts from, or making
misrepresentations to, Hollinger's audit committee and board," the report says.

The report also describes a series of "non-compete" fee payments, through which
millions of dollars from the sale of newspapers went to a handful of individual
executives rather than the company, as "a device for allowing Black and Radler
to take a cut of the sales proceeds from every Hollinger deal."

In a letter to Radler, Black described the payments as "the splendid conveyance
of the non-competition agreements from which you and I profited so well," the
report says.

The document alleges that Hollinger's independent directors were given "false
and misleading information" to win their approval for $52-million US in such
fees to be paid to Black and his associates in connection with the $2.1-billion
US sale of Canadian newspapers to CanWest in 2000.

In what the committee alleges as a "massive conflict of interest," Black
personally negotiated a side deal for himself and Radler to receive a further
$3.9-million US annual management fee from CanWest, "even though he knew that
the deal involved a loss of $10 in sales proceeds to Hollinger (International)
for every $1 in annual fees he and Radler received."

The report alleges that the Black group "defrauded" Hollinger International in a
number of ways in a 2002 transaction in which it "shaved" both its own bid
through Ravelston, and a higher competing bid from CanWest for some tax loss
carry-forwards from the National Post. The manoeuvre ensured both that Ravelston
would be the winning bidder, and that the price paid would ultimately be lower,
the report says.

dbaines@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Canadian Press; Conrad Black spent $42,870 for a birthday party
for his wife, Barbara Amiel, and $24,950 on 'summer drinks.';
Color Photo: David Radler, Hollinger CEO: A complex web of dealings, Conrad
Black, Chairman: Accused of 'aggressive looting'.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Alarming abuses seen at remote California prison

BYLINE: Don Thompson; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 629 words

ABSTRACT

State report finds 'culture of racism,' alarming abuses at remote Northern
California prison

FULL TEXT

SACRAMENTO >> Guards at an isolated state prison have created a "culture of
racism," engage in alarming use of force against inmates and have a code of
silence encouraged by the union that represents most corrections officers, the
California inspector general said Wednesday.

The scathing report calls for management and other changes at High Desert State
Prison in the northeast corner of the state.

More broadly, the report finds rising violence statewide in special housing
units designed to protect vulnerable inmates, including sex offenders, gang
dropouts and prisoners with physical disabilities.

The months-long investigation was sparked by reports that some guards at the
Susanville prison mistreated inmates with disabilities and set up sex offenders
for assaults because of the nature of their crimes.

The investigation also found evidence of "a culture of racism and lack of
acceptance of ethnic differences" among correctional officers, three-quarters of
whom are white.

Inspector General Robert Barton said the California Correctional Peace Officers
Association advised members not to cooperate and filed a lawsuit and collective
bargaining grievance in a bid to hinder the investigation.

The union sent a letter last month to Gov. Jerry Brown and every state lawmaker
in what Barton called "the latest strong-arm tactic" to obstruct the
investigation and discredit the inspector general before the report was
released.

Union President Chuck Alexander and spokeswoman Nichol Gomez-Pryde did not
immediately respond to calls and emails seeking comment.

The report came more than a decade after the Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation tried to stamp out a culture in which prison guards protect one
another when they witness wrongdoing.

It says some problems at the High Desert facility evolved because the prison is
so isolated about 90 miles northwest of Reno, Nevada.

Susanville has fewer than 16,000 people, and High Desert and the neighboring
California Correctional Center are its largest employers. Workers form
tight-knit social groups known as "cars" that can foster a code of silence and
make it difficult to report wrongdoing, the inspector general said.

He found that the prison's nearly 3,500 inmates won't report abuse because they
fear word will spread among employees and lead to retaliation.

The "staff complaint process is broken," with few employee complaints
investigated, the report states.

"This dangerous staff misconduct has been tolerated for too long," Rebekah
Evenson, an attorney with the nonprofit Prison Law Office who represents
inmates, said in a statement. "The culture of abuse at High Desert endangers
prisoners and the prison staff."

She called for the department to create a strong external monitor to oversee
reforms.

Corrections Secretary Jeffrey Beard, who is retiring later this month, said the
department has already taken steps involving employee training, management
changes and investigations of alleged wrongdoing.

"We do not tolerate staff misconduct of any kind," Beard said in a statement.

The inspector general's report also recommends changes statewide to make it
tougher for employees to learn what crime an inmate committed.

Guards can now use an electronic state database to easily see which inmates have
an "R" coding that designates a sex offender. Some spread that information,
knowing sex offenders are often marked for retribution because of the nature of
their crimes, the inspector general found.

He also called for an overhaul of special housing units designed to protect the
most vulnerable inmates as the department combats a wave of violence and gang
activity in what were supposed to be safe areas.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Report: Alarming abuses seen at remote California prison

BYLINE: Don Thompson; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 629 words

ABSTRACT

State report finds 'culture of racism,' alarming abuses at remote Northern
California prison

FULL TEXT

SACRAMENTO >> Guards at an isolated state prison have created a "culture of
racism," engage in alarming use of force against inmates and have a code of
silence encouraged by the union that represents most corrections officers, the
California inspector general said Wednesday.

The scathing report calls for management and other changes at High Desert State
Prison in the northeast corner of the state.

More broadly, the report finds rising violence statewide in special housing
units designed to protect vulnerable inmates, including sex offenders, gang
dropouts and prisoners with physical disabilities.

The months-long investigation was sparked by reports that some guards at the
Susanville prison mistreated inmates with disabilities and set up sex offenders
for assaults because of the nature of their crimes.

The investigation also found evidence of "a culture of racism and lack of
acceptance of ethnic differences" among correctional officers, three-quarters of
whom are white.

Inspector General Robert Barton said the California Correctional Peace Officers
Association advised members not to cooperate and filed a lawsuit and collective
bargaining grievance in a bid to hinder the investigation.

The union sent a letter last month to Gov. Jerry Brown and every state lawmaker
in what Barton called "the latest strong-arm tactic" to obstruct the
investigation and discredit the inspector general before the report was
released.

Union President Chuck Alexander and spokeswoman Nichol Gomez-Pryde did not
immediately respond to calls and emails seeking comment.

The report came more than a decade after the Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation tried to stamp out a culture in which prison guards protect one
another when they witness wrongdoing.

It says some problems at the High Desert facility evolved because the prison is
so isolated about 90 miles northwest of Reno, Nevada.

Susanville has fewer than 16,000 people, and High Desert and the neighboring
California Correctional Center are its largest employers.

Workers form tight-knit social groups known as "cars" that can foster a code of
silence and make it difficult to report wrongdoing, the inspector general said.

He found that the prison's nearly 3,500 inmates won't report abuse because they
fear word will spread among employees and lead to retaliation.

The "staff complaint process is broken," with few employee complaints
investigated, the report states.

"This dangerous staff misconduct has been tolerated for too long," Rebekah
Evenson, an attorney with the nonprofit Prison Law Office who represents
inmates, said in a statement. "The culture of abuse at High Desert endangers
prisoners and the prison staff."

She called for the department to create a strong external monitor to oversee
reforms.

Corrections Secretary Jeffrey Beard, who is retiring later this month, said the
department has already taken steps involving employee training, management
changes and investigations of alleged wrongdoing.

"We do not tolerate staff misconduct of any kind," Beard said in a statement.

The inspector general's report also recommends changes statewide to make it
tougher for employees to learn what crime an inmate committed.

Guards can now use an electronic state database to easily see which inmates have
an "R" coding that designates a sex offender. Some spread that information,
knowing sex offenders are often marked for retribution because of the nature of
their crimes, the inspector general found.

He also called for an overhaul of special housing units designed to protect the
most vulnerable inmates as the department combats a wave of violence and gang
activity in what were supposed to be safe areas.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Berkeley-Haas Fraud and Misconduct Conference Convenes Multi-Disciplinary
Research on Malfeasance in Business

LENGTH: 261  words


WHAT
UC Berkeley's Haas School Business' 2013 Fraud and Misconduct Conference is the
first event of its type ever organized by a business school. Assistant Professor
Jo-Ellen Pozner developed the conference with other Haas professors to create a
center of scholarship around wrongdoing in organizations.


"People who come will get a very clear picture of what state-of-the-art research
is telling us across multiple disciplines about wrongdoing of all sorts, whether
in corporations, in the nonprofit world, or even in the Catholic Church," says
Pozner, a Haas Management of Organizations group faculty member specializing in
organizational misconduct, corporate governance, and ethics and leadership.
The 12 papers will be presented from various disciplines -organization behavior,
finance, accounting, economics, sociology, and law -including:
· Do private equity funds game returns?
· Cleaning house: The impact of information technology monitoring on employee
theft
and productivity
· Losing the faith: stakeholder reactions to misconduct in the Catholic Church
· Managerial ability and financial reporting discretion
For more information: http://groups.haas.berkeley.edu /accounting/
fraudconference/index.html
WHEN
Thursday, October 24 and Friday, October 25, 2013
WHERE
Claremont Hotel Club & Spa | 41 Tunnel Rd, Berkeley, CA 94705 | (510) 843-3000
WHO
Keynote speech presented by Mike Wilkins, founding and managing partner of
Kingsford Capital Management, Richmond, CA. Wilkins specializes in short selling
the stock of companies that are overvalued or show symptoms of fraud.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 19, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Bitter Colo. Race Is All Business;
Sen. Allard, Democrat Trade Charges on Corporate Wrongdoing

BYLINE: Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1393 words

DATELINE: DENVER


After corporate scandals at Enron Corp. and WorldCom Inc. exploded into view,
analysts predicted that corporate accountability would be a defining issue in
the Nov. 5 elections.

In fact, the uproar was drowned out in most states by mounting concerns about
war with Iraq and a troubled economy. Here in Colorado, however, concerns about
the painful effects of corporate wrongdoing have permeated a bitterly fought
rematch between freshman Sen. Wayne Allard (R), a member of the Senate Banking
Committee, and Democrat Tom Strickland, a wealthy former corporate lawyer and
U.S. attorney.

Allard beat Strickland six years ago by portraying him as a "millionaire
lawyer-lobbyist" who couldn't be trusted to protect the public interest. He
tried a similar approach this year, but it backfired when Strickland forces
retaliated by relentlessly accusing Allard of being the political handmaiden to
Colorado communications giant Qwest Communications and accounting industry
interests that have contributed generously to his campaign.

Until recently, Colorado's Senate race has garnered little national attention.
Allard, a former House member and veterinarian with an impeccable conservative
voting record but bland campaign style, had led in the polls since January and
appeared to be headed for another narrow victory in a state where registered
Republicans outnumber Democrats by 180,000.

But Democrats escalated their attacks on Allard's ties to corporate and
accounting interests. Those salvos, coupled with sharp criticism of his record
on environmental issues and his stands on Social Security and abortion, have
turned this into one of the nation's closest Senate races. Should Strickland
manage to oust Allard, Democrats would have a tiny bit of breathing room,
enabling them to retain their Senate majority even if one Democratic incumbent
should lose elsewhere.

The preoccupation here with corporate accountability is understandable. Major
corporate bankruptcies and accounting scandals have rocked Colorado's
once-booming high tech and communications industries and left tens of thousands
of people out of work and stripped of their retirement savings. Unemployment,
once practically negligible here, has soared to 5.1 percent, more than twice the
level of two years ago. With the election shaping up in part as a referendum on
character and political culpability in the financial crisis, both campaigns have
engaged in relentless mudslinging in hopes of affixing blame on the other.

"The tenor of this campaign is one of voter unrest and outright anger that there
are powerful forces here that are screwing the average guy," said Eric
Sondermann, a prominent Denver political consultant. "While six months ago the
incumbent was getting every benefit of the doubt, I don't think that's the
situation today."

Democrats have focused on Allard's 1999 decision to back Qwest's efforts to
merge with US West -- a plan that eventually soured and led to more than 5,000
layoffs in Colorado. Then in July 2000 Allard joined eight other Republican and
Democratic senators in persuading the Securities and Exchange Commission to
postpone tough corporate accounting reforms that might have prevented a
subsequent rash of major corporate scandals. Allard said he was merely trying to
give Colorado accountants more time to comment.

Strickland denounced the freshman senator's "cozy" relations with Qwest, but
Strickland has political problems of his own. He once lobbied for Global
Crossing Ltd., an international communications company that filed for bankruptcy
in January and now is under federal investigation for possible securities fraud.
Though Strickland had long departed his lucrative lobbying post before the
company's collapse and legal problems, Allard's campaign manager has called him
the "dirtiest candidate in America."

Charges and countercharges have flown since late July, when Colorado Republicans
boasted that Allard "fought for corporate reform" by joining the rest of the
Senate in approving major accounting reform measures, 99 to 0. Democrats fired
back 10 days later with an ad calling Allard "hypocritical" because he took $
108,000 in campaign contributions from the accounting industry and then fought
to stop the SEC's accounting reforms.

In turn, an Allard ad asked, "Who is he kidding?" It noted that Strickland took
in hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying for Global Crossing and "made $
25,000 in one day trading stocks of Global Crossing."

During a debate this week sponsored by a Denver radio station, Strickland said,
"Sen. Allard is the most reliable vote in the Senate for the interests that fund
his campaign." Allard said Strickland would be beholden to his former corporate
clients, adding, "We don't need a lobbyist in the U.S. Senate."

"There is a sense that this has become one of the dirtiest, most negative
campaigns in Colorado in a long time," said John Straayer, a political science
professor at Colorado State University.

Allard, 58, a fifth-generation Coloradoan raised on a ranch, has kept a low
profile in Washington while compiling a conservative voting record. He focuses
on Colorado issues, citing his greatest achievements as his efforts to create a
wildlife refuge at the decommissioned Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plants
northwest of Denver and his "leading the fight" for the Great Sand Dunes
National Park and the Spanish Peaks Wilderness Area in southern Colorado.

Strickland, 50, is a talkative, aggressive and ambitious politician who enjoys
the limelight. He grew up in a middle-class Houston suburb and played football
at Louisiana State University. He became a partner in Denver's premier corporate
law firm, Brownstein, Hyatt & Farber, in the mid 1980s and opened a Washington
office to bring in more business lobbying at the federal level. President Bill
Clinton appointed Strickland as U.S. attorney after Allard agreed not to block
the nomination. He was sworn in a day after the Columbine High School shooting
in April 1999.

Colorado has trended Republican for more than a decade, after years of
domination by slow-growth liberal Democrats, including senators Gary Hart and
Timothy Wirth and governor Richard Lamm. Since 1996, the state has been
represented by two Republican senators -- Allard and Sen. Ben Nighthorse
Campbell, a former Democrat who switched parties.

With Allard unable to pull away from Strickland in the polls, the Republican and
Democratic senatorial campaign committees have poured more money into the
contest. Meanwhile, special-interest groups, including the Sierra Club, the
League of Conservation Voters, the abortion rights group NARAL, the AFL-CIO and
a children's advocacy group are spending heavily to try to defeat Allard. Allard
and Strickland have raised a total of $ 8.4 million in their campaigns, all but
ensuring that this will be the most expensive race in Colorado history.

A poll by Ciruli Associates published this week by the Denver Post shows
Allard's lead over Strickland has shrunk from nine points in July to three
points -- 41 percent to 38 percent. That's within the poll's margin of error of
plus or minus 4.4 percentage points. The survey found voters believe Allard is
better at addressing the economy, national defense and a possible war with Iraq,
but they think Strickland would be superior on protecting the environment,
improving Social Security and protecting women's right to legal abortions.
Colorado voters trust Allard more than Strickland to prevent corporate
corruption -- 36 percent to 27 percent. But voter disgust over the escalating
character attacks appears to be hurting Allard more than Strickland, and could
affect voter turnout. As he campaigned and debated in Denver this week, while
the Senate was still in session, Allard encountered several potential supporters
who complained about the campaign's tone.

"It's worse now than ever before," Bradley J. Stelling, a Republican and a bank
vice president in suburban Denver, said in an interview. "I think they both
stink." When Stelling expressed his displeasure to Allard, at a Rotary Club
meeting Wednesday in Commerce City, Allard pleaded that he had no choice but to
match Strickland, ad for ad.

"If we had not responded, I'd be down 10 points today," Allard said. "It's a
tough situation. I'm fighting for my survival because they're distorting my
record."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 11, 2015 Monday 11:42 PM GMT

Deflategate: Tom Brady gets four-game ban, Patriots lose first-round pick;
NFL investigation says Patriots probably deflated footballs'Tom sucks': the
Deflategate texts in fullBrady victim of 'sting operation', says agent

BYLINE: Tom Lutz

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 604 words


The NFL has come down heavily on one of the league's biggest stars, suspending
Tom Brady for four games for his part in the Deflategate scandal.

The league has also stripped Brady's team, the New England Patriots, of their
first-round draft pick in 2016, their fourth-round pick in 2017 and fined the
team $1m.

Last week, the NFL's report into the Deflategate scandal found "it is more
probable than not" that at least two New England Patriots employees improperly
deflated footballs in the team's AFC Championship win over the Indianapolis
Colts and that Brady was "at least generally aware" of the wrongdoing.

"The report documents your failure to cooperate fully and candidly with the
investigation, including by refusing to produce any relevant electronic evidence
(emails, texts, etc), despite being offered extraordinary safeguards by the
investigators to protect unrelated personal information, and by providing
testimony that the report concludes was not plausible and contradicted by other
evidence," wrote the NFL executive president, Troy Vincent, in a letter to
Brady.

"Your actions as set forth in the report clearly constitute conduct detrimental
to the integrity of and public confidence in the game of professional football,"
continued Vincent's letter. "The integrity of the game is of paramount
importance to everyone in our league, and requires unshakable commitment to
fairness and compliance with the playing rules. Each player, no matter how
accomplished and otherwise respected, has an obligation to comply with the rules
and must be held accountable for his actions when those rules are violated and
the public's confidence in the game is called into question."

Vincent also wrote to the Patriots, saying they had to accept responsibility for
the scandal. "It remains a fundamental principle that the club is responsible
for the actions of club employees," wrote Vincent. "This principle has been
applied to many prior cases. Thus, while no discipline should or will be imposed
personally on any owner or executive at the Patriots, discipline is
appropriately imposed on the club."

Many have questioned how long the practice had been going on for, and Vincent
indicated he does not believe it was a one-off. "While we cannot be certain when
the activity began, the evidence suggests that 18 January was not the first and
only occasion when this occurred, particularly in light of the evidence
referring to deflation of footballs going back to before the beginning of the
2014 season," he wrote.

Vincent did, however, acknowledge that the Patriots' head coach, Bill Belichick,
was clear of any wrongdoing. "In accepting the findings of the report, we note
that the report identified no evidence of wrongdoing or knowledge of wrongdoing
on the part of any member of the coaching staff, including head coach Bill
Belichick, or by any Patriots staff member other than [equipment manager John]
Jastremski and [locker room attendant Jim] McNally, including head equipment
manager Dave Schoenfeld."

At a speaking engagement last week Brady denied the report had tarnished his
team's Super Bowl win last season. "Absolutely not," said an adamant Brady. "We
earned everything we got and achieved as a team, and I am proud of that and so
are our fans," he added. Brady's agent said the report was a "sting operation".

The Patriots must now make plans following a decision that leaves them without
their best player for a quarter of next season. Brady's back-up, Jimmy
Garoppolo, has attempted just 27 passes in his NFL career, while the Patriots'
AFC East rivals should all be stronger in 2015 than they were last season.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 29, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Sporkin Made Name at SEC Fighting Corporate Bribery

BYLINE: By Larry Kramer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A12

LENGTH: 479 words


For seven years as chief of the enforcement division of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Stanley Sporkin was the thorn in the side of businesses
that skirted the boundaries of securities laws in this country.

After that, he brought a commitment to openness to his job as general counsel of
the Central Intelligence Agency, troubling many there who prefer to operate
secretly.

Now, Sporkin, 52, faces what may turn out to be his biggest challenge.
Yesterday, President Reagan nominated Sporkin as a U.S. District Court judge for
the District of Columbia.

Sporkin was the major figure in shaping the SEC as a fighter of corporate
wrongdoing. During the early 1960s, he directed the cleanup of the "back-office"
mess at the Wall Street brokerage houses. He became director of the division of
enforcement in 1974 and helped to create the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977, which gave the agency greater latitude in prosecuting multinational
companies accused of bribing foreign officials.

Using threats of public disclosure of wrongdoing and possible criminal
prosecution under the act, Sporkin persuaded more than 600 companies to make
voluntary disclosures of questionable foreign payments. He was criticized as
overzealous in some quarters of the business community.

Sporkin's reputation as a fair and loyal public servant led the Reagan
administration, despite its ties to the business community so often targeted by
the SEC, to appoint him to the CIA post to work for his former boss at the SEC,
William J. Casey

A Philadelphia native, Sporkin graduated from Pennsylvania State University in
1953, Phi Beta Kappa. He decided to go into law, following in the footsteps of
his father, a former assistant district attorney. He graduated from Yale Law
School in 1957 and for the next three years he clerked for the chief judge of
the U.S. District Court in Delaware. A resident of Chevy Chase, he and his wife,
Judith, have three children, Elizabeth, 27, a writer for USA Today, Daniel, 22,
a student at the University of Maryland and Thomas, 17, a student at
Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School.

Although he has been characterized by many as a liberal Democrat--largely
because of his role in prosecuting businesses--Sporkin actually once considered
himself a Republican. In recent years has been registered as an independent.

In 1978, Sporkin won the Rockefeller Public Service Award, the government's top
honor for a civil servant, and was told he would be called to the White House
for the traditional presentation by President Carter, or at least the vice
president.

But days and then weeks went by and the call never came.

Then one day Sporkin got his award--in the mail.

That, according to his friends and staff at the SEC, was how he knew his
investigation of Carter's former budget director and close friend Bert Lance had
finally hit home.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 7, 2013 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senator in Corruption Case Spoke Of Silencing Witnesses, Prosecutors Say

BYLINE: By MOSI SECRET; Thomas Kaplan and William K. Rashbaum contributed
reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 812 words


Accusations of wrongdoing have swirled around State Senator John L. Sampson for
years. But when he became concerned that his actions were under scrutiny by
federal prosecutors, he allegedly took a step that stands out even in the
growing annals of wrongdoing by New York lawmakers.

Mr. Sampson, prosecutors said, approached a friend in the office of the United
States attorney for the Eastern District for help.

Turn over the names of all of the cooperating witnesses who could make a case
against him, Mr. Sampson asked, so he could arrange to ''take them out.''

That is among the crimes Mr. Sampson, a powerful Democrat, is accused of as he
tried to thwart an intensifying federal inquiry centered on accusations that he
had stolen more than $400,000 from the sale of foreclosed homes.

Prosecutors said Mr. Sampson used the money, which he had access to as a
court-appointed referee for foreclosure proceedings in Brooklyn, to help finance
his unsuccessful campaign for the Brooklyn district attorney's office in 2005.
The next year, prosecutors said, he persuaded a prominent real estate developer
to give him nearly $200,000 help cover up the thefts. When the developer was
arrested on unrelated charges, Mr. Sampson feared his crimes would be uncovered
and turned to his friend in the United States attorney's office.

The developer was not named in court documents, but law enforcement officials
with knowledge of the matter identified him as Edul Ahmad, who pleaded guilty to
mortgage fraud in 2012. The employee in the United States attorney's office also
was not named. Prosecutors said the person, identified by a law enforcement
official as Sam Noel, had been fired after being found with a list of the
witnesses' names that Mr. Sampson had requested.

The charges come after a procession of New York legislators, including several
who have held top positions, have been charged with a variety of crimes.
Speculation that Mr. Sampson would be next increased after the revelation last
week that another legislator facing criminal charges, Shirley L. Huntley, a
former Democratic state senator, had worked with prosecutors to secretly record
conversations with Mr. Sampson. In one conversation, he helped arrange a meeting
between Ms. Huntley and a businessman who intended to offer bribes in exchange
for help securing lucrative contracts, according to court documents and law
enforcement officials.

The United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Loretta E.
Lynch, called the case ''one of the most extreme examples of political hubris we
have yet seen.''

Mr. Sampson, 47, surrendered to federal agents on Monday morning and was
arraigned in Federal District Court in Brooklyn in the afternoon. He pleaded not
guilty to charges that included two counts of embezzlement, five counts of
obstruction of justice and two counts of making false statements to the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

During the hearing, a prosecutor said he had offered Mr. Sampson a plea
agreement, which he has until the end of the month to accept. Under the
agreement, Mr. Sampson would plead guilty to embezzlement and one other charge
and accept a sentence of 37 to 46 months. He faces up to 20 years in prison
under the most serious charge if he is found guilty at trial.

Mr. Sampson declined to comment after the hearing. His lawyer, Zachary W.
Carter, accused federal prosecutors of wrongfully portraying the case as one of
public corruption, saying the crimes charged had nothing to do with Mr.
Sampson's position as a legislator. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on Monday that Mr.
Sampson's indictment, coming on the heels of the arrests of other elected
officials, ''made a bad situation worse.''

In an interview on a public radio program, ''The Capitol Pressroom,'' Mr. Cuomo
repeated his vow to pass new anticorruption measures in the legislative session
that is scheduled to end in June.

''With today, there's more of an urgency to do it, and denial is not a life
strategy,'' Mr. Cuomo said.

The Democratic leader of the State Senate, Andrea Stewart-Cousins of Yonkers,
said Mr. Sampson had been stripped of his committee assignments and would no
longer caucus with his fellow Senate Democrats.

The accusation that he stole from the Brooklyn courts to help pay for his race
to become the borough's top law enforcement officer was particularly striking,
prosecutors said. For 10 years, beginning in 1998, Mr. Sampson, as a
court-appointed referee, supervised escrow accounts of surplus money from
foreclosure sales. Mr. Sampson was supposed to turn the money over to the county
clerk's office to be distributed among people with claims, including people who
had just lost their homes.

It remains unclear how the theft of such large sums would go unnoticed. The
county clerk in Brooklyn, Nancy T. Sunshine, said her office did not have
oversight of surplus money from foreclosure sales.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/07/nyregion/john-sampson-faces-charges-after-corr
uption-inquiry.html

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: State Senator John L. Sampson, center, leaving the federal
courthouse in Brooklyn on Monday after he was arraigned on charges including
embezzlement.  (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANTHONY LANZILOTE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Yukon captain cleared by DA of wrongdoing in shooting

BYLINE: Robert Medley, Staff Writer

SECTION: MY METRO II; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: YUKON


YUKON -- Police Capt. Mitch Hoskins has been cleared by the district attorney's
office of any wrongdoing in the shooting death at a reported domestic
disturbance in May.

Canadian County District Attorney Cathy Stocker said an investigation into the
May 26 shooting death of Donald Lloyd Plaster is completed.

"There is no evidence of criminal wrongdoing," Stocker said in a prepared
statement. "Hoskins was justified under the law in his use of deadly force. No
action by this office is warranted."

Hoskins, who has eight years experience, responded to call about 6 p.m. May 26
at a house at 1017 Mable Fry Blvd.

Stocker said Hoskins shot and killed Plaster when Plaster, armed with a knife,
advanced toward the officer in a threatening manner. The shooting was
investigated by Yukon police with assistance by the Oklahoma State Bureau of
Investigation, Stocker said.

Yukon Deputy Chief John Corn said now that the district attorney's review is
finished an internal review is under way.

Department officials will look into issues concerning the policy on use of
deadly force. The police review will take at least two weeks, Corn said.

Hoskins remains on paid administrative leave.

Hoskins was one of two officers named in a federal lawsuit in 2004 involving a
resident who claimed he was beaten with nightsticks during an arrest.

The lawsuit was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday

Pentagon clears dean in A.F. Academy scandal

LENGTH: 110 words


COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (AP) -- The Pentagon has cleared the Air Force Academy's
faculty dean of wrongdoing in the school's sexual assault scandal, contradicting
the conclusion of a congressional panel that also investigated problems at the
school.

Brig. Gen. David Wagie, 54, faces no disciplinary action, Air Force spokesman
Lt. Col. Dewey Ford said Monday. Wagie will retire Aug. 1 after 32 years of
service, the last six as dean.

"His involvement was thoroughly investigated by the Department of Defense
inspector general, and he was cleared of any wrongdoing," Ford told the Gazette
of Colorado Springs. The military's report is expected later this summer.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                        May 3, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Edmonton not immune to allegations

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Charles Rusnell

SECTION: Top Copy; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON

EDMONTON -- From officers accepting sex and money from prostitutes in exchange
for turning a blind eye, to senior traffic cops taking free trips from an
American photo-radar company, the allegations of wrongdoing that have made
headlines in the Alberta capital in the past year have shaken both the
credibility, and the morale, of its police service.

It began with lurid, albeit flimsy, allegations from a retired detective aired
on CBC TV. Vern Colley said that back in 1983, he had been ordered to "cease and
desist" an investigation after he reported 15 prostitutes told him about 18
incidents of forced sex or robbery by cops.

Colley backed his allegations of a coverup with a secret file. It listed nine
officers as potential suspects, but the CBC named only Chief Bob Wasylyshen. A
furious Wasylyshen denied all wrongdoing and has begun legal action against the
CBC.

With no direct evidence of wrongdoing, the police commission concluded no new
investigation was warranted unless the original complainants -- now long gone
from the mean streets of Edmonton -- came forward to identify the culprits, or
more evidence is produced.

Wasylyshen retired six months early. His replacement, acting chief Mike
Bradshaw, had barely settled into his office when another minor scandal, dubbed
Radargate, erupted in the headlines.

The police began an internal investigation earlier this month after receiving an
anonymous e-mail, purportedly from a 28-year veteran police officer, which
alleged three senior officers accepted a junket and various other goodies from a
Dallas-based company.

The allegations were denied, but it turned out the company had been tentatively
awarded a contract to supply the police service with photo radar and red-light
camera equipment and services that could be worth $90 million over 20 years.

More eyebrows were raised when it surfaced that the police service has
recommended to a city council committee the contract be awarded without a
competitive bid process. Why? Because the police service claimed no other
companies could provide suitable technology.

It took reporters about 10 minutes on the Internet to determine there were
several other companies capable of supplying the equipment.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Wasylyshen

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

New USC football coach Steve Sarkisian will feel heat over alleged recruiting
violation at Washington

BYLINE: Vincent Bonsignore

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 785 words


This all needs to be prefaced with a big if, right?

Specifically, if Washington assistant coach Tosh Lupoi is found guilty of laying
out nearly $5,000 to cover the private tutoring costs of former Huskies
defensive line recruit Andrew Basham   as Lupoi is being accused of by Mike
Davis, a former coach of Basham.

If this accusation is true   and if you believe the damning account presented by
Davis in a detailed report in the Los Angeles Times, it certainly doesn t look
good for Lupoi   the next obvious question is how did new USC coach Steve
Sarkisian, who was Lupoi s boss at Washington, not know it was going on?

Sarkisian insisted he was unaware of any wrongdoing, but even if he s telling
the truth it renders him either very naive or out of focus.

Neither is a good look for the new head coach of one of the premier programs in
college football.

If the accusation is true, of course.

At this point USC stands firmly behind Sarkisian. But the school has opened a
detailed investigation into the claims   along with Washington   so I d caution
anyone completely making up their mind until those inquiries are completed.

I have faith in USC doing its due diligence, but it will be fascinating to see
what Washington comes up with and how it might relate to Sarkisian, who isn t
real popular right now in Seattle after bolting the Huskies for the hated
Trojans.

Washington has every reason to come clean on this and no reason to protect
Sarkisian. And that should make for a riveting investigation.

It s certainly raises major questions.

How can the head coach of a major program not know one of his high-profile
assistants paid money to a high-profile recruit?

Why would Lupoi reach into his own pocket and pay for a recruit s extra
schooling?

And what sort of environment did Sarkisian create in Seattle in which an
assistant coach would even think of doing such a thing, let alone actually do
it?

Does any of that make sense to you?

Does any of it sound believable?

Sarkisian, who left Washington two weeks ago to take over at USC, claimed he was
unaware of any wrongdoing and an initial investigation by USC s compliance
office turned up no evidence Sarkisian played any role in the matter.

Maybe none of it s true. Or maybe Lupoi really did act alone and this is all
just a case of terribly poor timing for USC.

Regardless, it doesn t look good for the school or athletic director Pat Haden,
the man most responsible for bringing Sarkisian to Los Angeles.

Haden and USC have worked ardently to distance themselves from the NCAA s
cross-hairs and now must hold their collective breath hoping another shoe doesn
t fall from the sky and smack the Trojans across the forehead.

At the very least, this hardly is the first major impression Haden needed for
his new coach.

In a nutshell Lupoi   who denies any wrongdoing   is accused of paying $3,000 to
cover Basham s tutoring costs with a test preparation company and another $1,500
for online classes to help Basham raise his grade-point average.

Davis, who was working as a middle man between Lupoi and Basham, claimed he
received two cash payments from Lupoi for the services.

Lupoi was hired by Sarkisian in 2012 and lured to Washington from Cal
specifically for his highly regarded recruiting skills.

If you believe Davis, it turns out that recruiting prowess might have been
greatly enhanced.

Or in this case, funded.

Lupoi was not one of the three coaches Sarkisian brought with him from Seattle
to Los Angeles, although it was assumed he eventually would land on Sarkisian s
staff.

The chances of that happening are extremely remote at this point, and it
certainly seems conspicuous in retrospect. Lupoi was not part of the original
group headed south from Seattle.

But again, we re still dealing with if s right now.

For arguments sake, let s assume Lupoi is guilty. A kid needed to raise his GPA
and test scores to qualify at Washington   interestingly, Basham never did meet
entrance requirements   and Lupoi helped point him in the direction of
assistance and then paid for the services.

Aside from being a major infraction, it also raises significant questions as to
what Sarkisian knew and when did he know it.

Because it s hard to swallow the notion an assistant coach is so benevolent he d
use his own money to help a kid in need of help. Or that Lupoi simply came up
with the plan all by himself, executed it and kept it own the down low from his
boss, whose primary objective besides fielding a championship team is doing it
within the strict guidelines of the NCAA rulebook and creating a transparent
environment in which he and his staff operate.

Keep in mind, we re still dealing with major if s at the moment.

But even at first glance it raises a lot of eyebrows.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

New USC football coach Steve Sarkisian will feel heat over alleged recruiting
violation at Washington

BYLINE: Vincent Bonsignore

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 785 words


This all needs to be prefaced with a big if, right?

Specifically, if Washington assistant coach Tosh Lupoi is found guilty of laying
out nearly $5,000 to cover the private tutoring costs of former Huskies
defensive line recruit Andrew Basham   as Lupoi is being accused of by Mike
Davis, a former coach of Basham.

If this accusation is true   and if you believe the damning account presented by
Davis in a detailed report in the Los Angeles Times, it certainly doesn t look
good for Lupoi   the next obvious question is how did new USC coach Steve
Sarkisian, who was Lupoi s boss at Washington, not know it was going on?

Sarkisian insisted he was unaware of any wrongdoing, but even if he s telling
the truth it renders him either very naive or out of focus.

Neither is a good look for the new head coach of one of the premier programs in
college football.

If the accusation is true, of course.

At this point USC stands firmly behind Sarkisian. But the school has opened a
detailed investigation into the claims   along with Washington   so I d caution
anyone completely making up their mind until those inquiries are completed.

I have faith in USC doing its due diligence, but it will be fascinating to see
what Washington comes up with and how it might relate to Sarkisian, who isn t
real popular right now in Seattle after bolting the Huskies for the hated
Trojans.

Washington has every reason to come clean on this and no reason to protect
Sarkisian. And that should make for a riveting investigation.

It s certainly raises major questions.

How can the head coach of a major program not know one of his high-profile
assistants paid money to a high-profile recruit?

Why would Lupoi reach into his own pocket and pay for a recruit s extra
schooling?

And what sort of environment did Sarkisian create in Seattle in which an
assistant coach would even think of doing such a thing, let alone actually do
it?

Does any of that make sense to you?

Does any of it sound believable?

Sarkisian, who left Washington two weeks ago to take over at USC, claimed he was
unaware of any wrongdoing and an initial investigation by USC s compliance
office turned up no evidence Sarkisian played any role in the matter.

Maybe none of it s true. Or maybe Lupoi really did act alone and this is all
just a case of terribly poor timing for USC.

Regardless, it doesn t look good for the school or athletic director Pat Haden,
the man most responsible for bringing Sarkisian to Los Angeles.

Haden and USC have worked ardently to distance themselves from the NCAA s
cross-hairs and now must hold their collective breath hoping another shoe doesn
t fall from the sky and smack the Trojans across the forehead.

At the very least, this hardly is the first major impression Haden needed for
his new coach.

In a nutshell Lupoi   who denies any wrongdoing   is accused of paying $3,000 to
cover Basham s tutoring costs with a test preparation company and another $1,500
for online classes to help Basham raise his grade-point average.

Davis, who was working as a middle man between Lupoi and Basham, claimed he
received two cash payments from Lupoi for the services.

Lupoi was hired by Sarkisian in 2012 and lured to Washington from Cal
specifically for his highly regarded recruiting skills.

If you believe Davis, it turns out that recruiting prowess might have been
greatly enhanced.

Or in this case, funded.

Lupoi was not one of the three coaches Sarkisian brought with him from Seattle
to Los Angeles, although it was assumed he eventually would land on Sarkisian s
staff.

The chances of that happening are extremely remote at this point, and it
certainly seems conspicuous in retrospect. Lupoi was not part of the original
group headed south from Seattle.

But again, we re still dealing with if s right now.

For arguments sake, let s assume Lupoi is guilty. A kid needed to raise his GPA
and test scores to qualify at Washington   interestingly, Basham never did meet
entrance requirements   and Lupoi helped point him in the direction of
assistance and then paid for the services.

Aside from being a major infraction, it also raises significant questions as to
what Sarkisian knew and when did he know it.

Because it s hard to swallow the notion an assistant coach is so benevolent he d
use his own money to help a kid in need of help. Or that Lupoi simply came up
with the plan all by himself, executed it and kept it own the down low from his
boss, whose primary objective besides fielding a championship team is doing it
within the strict guidelines of the NCAA rulebook and creating a transparent
environment in which he and his staff operate.

Keep in mind, we re still dealing with major if s at the moment.

But even at first glance it raises a lot of eyebrows.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

New USC football coach Steve Sarkisian will feel heat over alleged recruiting
violation at Washington

BYLINE: Vincent Bonsignore

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 785 words


This all needs to be prefaced with a big if, right?

Specifically, if Washington assistant coach Tosh Lupoi is found guilty of laying
out nearly $5,000 to cover the private tutoring costs of former Huskies
defensive line recruit Andrew Basham   as Lupoi is being accused of by Mike
Davis, a former coach of Basham.

If this accusation is true   and if you believe the damning account presented by
Davis in a detailed report in the Los Angeles Times, it certainly doesn t look
good for Lupoi   the next obvious question is how did new USC coach Steve
Sarkisian, who was Lupoi s boss at Washington, not know it was going on?

Sarkisian insisted he was unaware of any wrongdoing, but even if he s telling
the truth it renders him either very naive or out of focus.

Neither is a good look for the new head coach of one of the premier programs in
college football.

If the accusation is true, of course.

At this point USC stands firmly behind Sarkisian. But the school has opened a
detailed investigation into the claims   along with Washington   so I d caution
anyone completely making up their mind until those inquiries are completed.

I have faith in USC doing its due diligence, but it will be fascinating to see
what Washington comes up with and how it might relate to Sarkisian, who isn t
real popular right now in Seattle after bolting the Huskies for the hated
Trojans.

Washington has every reason to come clean on this and no reason to protect
Sarkisian. And that should make for a riveting investigation.

It s certainly raises major questions.

How can the head coach of a major program not know one of his high-profile
assistants paid money to a high-profile recruit?

Why would Lupoi reach into his own pocket and pay for a recruit s extra
schooling?

And what sort of environment did Sarkisian create in Seattle in which an
assistant coach would even think of doing such a thing, let alone actually do
it?

Does any of that make sense to you?

Does any of it sound believable?

Sarkisian, who left Washington two weeks ago to take over at USC, claimed he was
unaware of any wrongdoing and an initial investigation by USC s compliance
office turned up no evidence Sarkisian played any role in the matter.

Maybe none of it s true. Or maybe Lupoi really did act alone and this is all
just a case of terribly poor timing for USC.

Regardless, it doesn t look good for the school or athletic director Pat Haden,
the man most responsible for bringing Sarkisian to Los Angeles.

Haden and USC have worked ardently to distance themselves from the NCAA s
cross-hairs and now must hold their collective breath hoping another shoe doesn
t fall from the sky and smack the Trojans across the forehead.

At the very least, this hardly is the first major impression Haden needed for
his new coach.

In a nutshell Lupoi   who denies any wrongdoing   is accused of paying $3,000 to
cover Basham s tutoring costs with a test preparation company and another $1,500
for online classes to help Basham raise his grade-point average.

Davis, who was working as a middle man between Lupoi and Basham, claimed he
received two cash payments from Lupoi for the services.

Lupoi was hired by Sarkisian in 2012 and lured to Washington from Cal
specifically for his highly regarded recruiting skills.

If you believe Davis, it turns out that recruiting prowess might have been
greatly enhanced.

Or in this case, funded.

Lupoi was not one of the three coaches Sarkisian brought with him from Seattle
to Los Angeles, although it was assumed he eventually would land on Sarkisian s
staff.

The chances of that happening are extremely remote at this point, and it
certainly seems conspicuous in retrospect. Lupoi was not part of the original
group headed south from Seattle.

But again, we re still dealing with if s right now.

For arguments sake, let s assume Lupoi is guilty. A kid needed to raise his GPA
and test scores to qualify at Washington   interestingly, Basham never did meet
entrance requirements   and Lupoi helped point him in the direction of
assistance and then paid for the services.

Aside from being a major infraction, it also raises significant questions as to
what Sarkisian knew and when did he know it.

Because it s hard to swallow the notion an assistant coach is so benevolent he d
use his own money to help a kid in need of help. Or that Lupoi simply came up
with the plan all by himself, executed it and kept it own the down low from his
boss, whose primary objective besides fielding a championship team is doing it
within the strict guidelines of the NCAA rulebook and creating a transparent
environment in which he and his staff operate.

Keep in mind, we re still dealing with major if s at the moment.

But even at first glance it raises a lot of eyebrows.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

New USC football coach Steve Sarkisian will feel heat over alleged recruiting
violation at Washington

BYLINE: Vincent Bonsignore

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 785 words


This all needs to be prefaced with a big if, right?

Specifically, if Washington assistant coach Tosh Lupoi is found guilty of laying
out nearly $5,000 to cover the private tutoring costs of former Huskies
defensive line recruit Andrew Basham   as Lupoi is being accused of by Mike
Davis, a former coach of Basham.

If this accusation is true   and if you believe the damning account presented by
Davis in a detailed report in the Los Angeles Times, it certainly doesn t look
good for Lupoi   the next obvious question is how did new USC coach Steve
Sarkisian, who was Lupoi s boss at Washington, not know it was going on?

Sarkisian insisted he was unaware of any wrongdoing, but even if he s telling
the truth it renders him either very naive or out of focus.

Neither is a good look for the new head coach of one of the premier programs in
college football.

If the accusation is true, of course.

At this point USC stands firmly behind Sarkisian. But the school has opened a
detailed investigation into the claims   along with Washington   so I d caution
anyone completely making up their mind until those inquiries are completed.

I have faith in USC doing its due diligence, but it will be fascinating to see
what Washington comes up with and how it might relate to Sarkisian, who isn t
real popular right now in Seattle after bolting the Huskies for the hated
Trojans.

Washington has every reason to come clean on this and no reason to protect
Sarkisian. And that should make for a riveting investigation.

It s certainly raises major questions.

How can the head coach of a major program not know one of his high-profile
assistants paid money to a high-profile recruit?

Why would Lupoi reach into his own pocket and pay for a recruit s extra
schooling?

And what sort of environment did Sarkisian create in Seattle in which an
assistant coach would even think of doing such a thing, let alone actually do
it?

Does any of that make sense to you?

Does any of it sound believable?

Sarkisian, who left Washington two weeks ago to take over at USC, claimed he was
unaware of any wrongdoing and an initial investigation by USC s compliance
office turned up no evidence Sarkisian played any role in the matter.

Maybe none of it s true. Or maybe Lupoi really did act alone and this is all
just a case of terribly poor timing for USC.

Regardless, it doesn t look good for the school or athletic director Pat Haden,
the man most responsible for bringing Sarkisian to Los Angeles.

Haden and USC have worked ardently to distance themselves from the NCAA s
cross-hairs and now must hold their collective breath hoping another shoe doesn
t fall from the sky and smack the Trojans across the forehead.

At the very least, this hardly is the first major impression Haden needed for
his new coach.

In a nutshell Lupoi   who denies any wrongdoing   is accused of paying $3,000 to
cover Basham s tutoring costs with a test preparation company and another $1,500
for online classes to help Basham raise his grade-point average.

Davis, who was working as a middle man between Lupoi and Basham, claimed he
received two cash payments from Lupoi for the services.

Lupoi was hired by Sarkisian in 2012 and lured to Washington from Cal
specifically for his highly regarded recruiting skills.

If you believe Davis, it turns out that recruiting prowess might have been
greatly enhanced.

Or in this case, funded.

Lupoi was not one of the three coaches Sarkisian brought with him from Seattle
to Los Angeles, although it was assumed he eventually would land on Sarkisian s
staff.

The chances of that happening are extremely remote at this point, and it
certainly seems conspicuous in retrospect. Lupoi was not part of the original
group headed south from Seattle.

But again, we re still dealing with if s right now.

For arguments sake, let s assume Lupoi is guilty. A kid needed to raise his GPA
and test scores to qualify at Washington   interestingly, Basham never did meet
entrance requirements   and Lupoi helped point him in the direction of
assistance and then paid for the services.

Aside from being a major infraction, it also raises significant questions as to
what Sarkisian knew and when did he know it.

Because it s hard to swallow the notion an assistant coach is so benevolent he d
use his own money to help a kid in need of help. Or that Lupoi simply came up
with the plan all by himself, executed it and kept it own the down low from his
boss, whose primary objective besides fielding a championship team is doing it
within the strict guidelines of the NCAA rulebook and creating a transparent
environment in which he and his staff operate.

Keep in mind, we re still dealing with major if s at the moment.

But even at first glance it raises a lot of eyebrows.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

LensCrafters case led to second probe;
Company settles allegations of improper waste disposal

BYLINE: SUKHJIT PUREWAL, Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: Z_TOP_STORY

LENGTH: 585 words


The Monterey County District Attorney's Office confirmed Thursday that a
Monterey County Herald probe last year that led to an investigation and
settlement over charges of unfair business practices by LensCrafters also led to
a second investigation and a $474,422 settlement over charges store employees
improperly disposed of hazardous wastes.

Deputy District Attorney Matt Bogoshian said the office opened the investigation
into the environmental violations last year. He said the office was
investigating earlier allegations that the store in the Del Monte Center had
engaged in a pattern of providing thick plastic lenses to customers who had
ordered lightweight lenses, as reported by The Herald in February 2004.

In that matter, the company agreed to change its practices and pay $102,000 in
penalties without acknowledging any wrongdoing.

This time LensCrafters has agreed to multiple fines and to change its practices
statewide after district attorney offices in Los Angeles, San Bernardino and San
Joaquin counties joined the Monterey County District Attorney's Office in the
case. The company again did not admit any wrongdoing in the settlement announced
Wednesday.

"We could have expanded it, but LensCrafters came to us and said we want this to
go away," Bogoshian said. "They said 'our bad, we are going to fix it.'"

Attempts Thursday to reach a spokesman with Mason, Ohio-based Luxottica Retail,
parent company of LensCrafters, were unsuccessful.

According to the allegations, employees sprayed lenses with a plastic coating.
The coating that doesn't make it onto the lenses and is left behind on the
machinery is considered hazardous waste, Bogoshian said.

"They assumed this process made it no longer hazardous," he added.

The spray bits are then fused into small solid pieces of plastic and thrown into
the garbage can with regular trash.

Since the plastic coating the employees apply amounts to small quantities, the
company is not required to have a permit for handling hazardous wastes. But the
company is obligated to notify local health departments of its practices,
Bogoshian said.

"At least they (health departments) can come check it out," he said.

If the practice has occurred every day at LensCrafters stores throughout the
state, Bogoshian said, that would mean a lot of hazardous waste ends up in
landfills.

Under the settlement, LensCrafters will now have the leftover plastic hauled
away by a licensed hazardous waste facility.

The company has agreed to pay $109,000 in civil penalties, $31,000 in agency
costs, $109,000 for environmental law enforcement training and prosecution and
$32,000 for vouchers for free eye exams and glasses. LensCrafters will also pay
$193,422 in costs associated with having the waste hauled away.

Bogoshian said he didn't know if the agreement would affect the way in which
waste is disposed of at other stores nationwide.

The District Attorney's Office first launched an investigation into practices at
the LensCrafters store in the Del Monte Center after a former store employee
described what he said was a common practice of giving customers thicker lenses
than they had ordered. While Luxottica officials blamed one former employee for
the switches, an investigation by the District Attorney's Office found that as
many as 500 customers may have received lenses different than what they had
ordered.

LensCrafters agreed to pay $102,000 to provide 313 low-income people with free
glasses.

Sukhjit Purewal can be reached at 646-4494 or spurewal@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 15, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Justice Dept. to Investigate Mississippi Jail Deaths

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 14


Attorney General Janet Reno has ordered an investigation of 46 hanging deaths in
Mississippi jails since 1987 to determine whether there is evidence of criminal
wrongdoing by the authorities, Justice Department officials said today.

Her directive evoked the era of the 1960's and 1970's, when the Justice
Department's civil rights division tried to combat violence against blacks in
the Deep South by enforcing laws that dated from Reconstruction but that had not
been fully applied.

"How could that many people die?" Ms. Reno asked. She said the civil rights
division would review each of the deaths in the past six years.

Department officials confirmed accounts of remarks by the Attorney General to
several news organizations on Tuesday.

Ms. Reno also said she hoped citizens in Los Angeles would accept the verdict in
the trial of four white police officers charged with violating the civil rights
of Rodney G. King, a black motorist who was beaten after being stopped in a
high-speed chase. "When the jury speaks, it is my earnest hope that people will
accept this verdict," she said.

On another topic, she said she had encouraged Federal prosecutors conducting the
investigation into the financial affairs of Representative Dan Rostenkowski, the
Illinois Democrat who is chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, to
pursue the case "full steam ahead." Her comments followed the department's
demand for the resignations of United States Attorneys around the country,
including Jay B. Stephens, the former chief Federal prosecutor here, who said
that his removal could interfere with an investigation of Mr. Rostenkowski.

In commenting on the jail deaths in Mississippi, Ms. Reno said that if no
wrongdoing is uncovered, the Justice Department would study whether the deaths
indicate a pattern. But the department later issued a clarification, saying Ms.
Reno did not mean to imply that she had any specific evidence that the number of
deaths indicated wrongdoing.

The deaths, of whites and blacks, drew national attention after the hanging of
18-year-old Andre Jones in a jail in Simpson County in south-central
Mississippi. Mr. Jones was the son of Esther Quinn, president of the Jackson
chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.

At the time, local and Federal officials determined that Mr. Jones had taken his
own life, but a pathologist hired by his family contended that the death was a
homicide.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Plain Twp. man been held in the Luzerne County Correctional Facility for absence
of $50,000 safeguard.

LENGTH: 345  words


The arraignment gave up in U.S. Area Court for the Middle District of
Pennsylvania, Scranton, said the handgun, a 9 mm Hi-Point show, had a decimated
serial number and was utilized as a part of the commission of a medication
trafficking wrongdoing in March 2016.

District court records demonstrated Leggio had served a jail sentence for his
liable supplication in 2011 to lawful offense sedate charges.

The prosecution said Leggio had been sentenced a wrongdoing deserving of over a
year in jail when he was in control of the handgun and ammo between March 26 and
28 of a year ago. It additionally said he had cocaine and cannabis that he
planned to circulate.

A government excellent jury Tuesday prosecuted Francesco Leggio of Plains
Township on charges the sentenced criminal purportedly had a handgun while
managing drugs.

Leggio faces a fourth tally of claimed witness altering. The prosecution said he
attempted to impact the declaration of a man distinguished just as "D.M." who
was taking an interest in the great jury examination. Leggio endeavored "to
corruptly convince D.M. to give false data in a sworn proclamation," the
prosecution said.

Government experts recorded notice that they would seek after relinquishment of
the handgun, ammo and magazines. On the off chance that those things couldn`t be
found, specialists would look to substitute other property for relinquishment,
the prosecution said.

The charges against Leggio were brought as a major aspect of the Violent Crime
Reduction Partnership, an activity in the Middle District to find, secure and
arraign individuals who carry out fierce violations with guns. The VCRP is
driven by the United States Attorney`s Office, in which government, state and
nearby law implementation organizations take part.

The time corresponds with a weapons charge Kingston police recorded against
Leggio. His case is pending in Luzerne County Common Pleas Court. Leggio, 26,
has been held in the Luzerne County Correctional Facility for absence of $50,000
safeguard since his capture last April. 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

Report to wrongdoer is not whistle blowing, says Missouri Court of Appeals

BYLINE: Stephanie Maniscalco

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 346  words


A man, who was fired after he accused his employers of tax fraud, was not a
whistle-blower, the Missouri Court of Appeals has held.

The Western District agreed with the trial court that reporting a suspicion of
wrongdoing to the alleged wrongdoers is not whistle blowing within the public
policy exception to Missouri's employment-at-will doctrine.

The appellate court noted that internal reporting to superiors can be a
protected activity.

"However, a report of wrongdoing to the wrongdoer is insufficient to invoke the
whistleblowing public policy exception...Reporting to the wrongdoer does not
expose the wrongdoer or his wrongdoing and, thus, does not further the accepted
clear mandate of public policy," Judge Victor C. Howard wrote.

Report

Patrick Drummond was hired to serve as the president of a nonprofit foundation.
He began to suspect that the two owners were using the foundation to engage in
tax fraud.

Drummond confronted the pair several times and was fired after such a
conversation in December 2005. Only then did he contact the Internal Revenue
Service and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to report his concerns.

Drummond also filed a wrongful termination action.

The trial court granted the defendants' motion for summary judgment, finding
that neither Drummond's confrontation with the two employers nor his subsequent
report to government officials constituted whistle blowing.

Small business

On appeal, Drummond noted that because of the small size of his company, he had
no other superiors or supervisors to report to and there was no human resources
department or hot line available.

He argued that prohibiting his cause of action would discourage and leave
unprotected other similarly situated employees.

"While we are sympathetic to Mr. Drummond's argument that those employed in
small companies have fewer options for internal reporting, we are bound by
precedent, which provided another available avenue to him for reporting his
concerns--to a third party public authority," the appellate court concluded.

The case is Drummond v. Land Learning Foundation et al.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

ETHICS COMMITTEE REPORT ON FORMER NEVADA SEN. JOHN ENSIGN'S AFFAIR CONTAINS
CONFLICTING STORIES ;
Coburn's role in scandal stays unclear

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 872 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - A Senate Ethics Committee report contains conflicting stories about
whether Sen. Tom Coburn acted merely as a go-between or was an active negotiator
in discussions about a financial settlement in the aftermath of former Sen. John
Ensign's affair with an aide's wife.

An attorney for Doug Hampton, the man whose wife had an affair with Ensign, told
a special counsel hired by the ethics committee that Coburn "took an active
role" in negotiations between Hampton and Ensign and proposed "specific
resolutions."

Coburn, R-Muskogee, maintained to the special counsel that he didn't propose any
resolutions and was simply passing along information to Ensign after talking to
Hampton's attorney.

No wrongdoing

The Senate Ethics Committee report, released Thursday and referred to the
Department of Justice for possible criminal action against Ensign, does not
allege any wrongdoing by Coburn.

The report mostly affirms Coburn's public statements that he tried repeatedly to
get Ensign, a Nevada Republican, to end the affair and take responsibility for
the damage he had done to the Hampton family. It contains more details about
confrontations over the affair and the ensuing efforts to forge a financial
agreement that would enable the Hamptons to relocate from Nevada to Colorado.

Coburn declined to comment on the report.

At the time of Ensign's affair with Cindy Hampton, Coburn and Ensign shared a
Capitol Hill townhouse, known as the C Street Center, with other lawmakers. The
townhouse was owned by a group affiliated with the National Prayer Breakfast.

Leaders of that organization worked with Coburn to end the affair once Hampton
told them about it. The affair lasted for about nine months.

Ensign, who resigned earlier this month, admitted the affair publicly in June
2009.

Financial settlement

A month later, Doug Hampton said in media interviews that Coburn had been
involved in negotiations on a financial settlement - something Coburn at first
vehemently denied. However, Coburn later told The New York Times that he had
served as a go-between for Ensign and Hampton's lawyer.

The conflict over Coburn's role concerns three phone conversations between
Coburn and Doug Hampton's attorney on May 22, 2009. Those conversations, which
took place while Coburn was at home in Muskogee - he was interrupted while
mowing the lawn for one of them - focused on a proposed financial package for
Hampton's family.

According to the report, Coburn was in favor of a plan in which Ensign would buy
the Hamptons' house in Las Vegas and provide money for them to relocate and
start over. He agreed to talk to Daniel Albregts, the attorney for the Hamptons.

Telephone calls

According to the ethics committee report:

In the first call, Coburn told the attorney to have Hampton state what he needed
to start over and then Coburn would take that to the Ensigns.

In the second call, Albregts proposed $8 million based on a document Doug
Hampton had prepared. Coburn said the figure was ridiculous, but that Ensign
should buy the Hamptons' home and provide money beyond that to start over and,
possibly, for college tuition for their kids.

After Doug Hampton told Albregts that he should get $1.2 million for the home
and $1.6 million to get started somewhere new, Albregts called Coburn back for
the third time that day and relayed the numbers. Albregts told the special
counsel that Coburn was agreeable to the figures and said he would take them to
the Ensigns. Albregts later heard from Doug Hampton that Ensign refused the
offer.

Some statements

"Senator Coburn testified that he told Mr. Hampton's attorney, Mr. Albregts, in
May 2009 that he was not 'the negotiator,' and 'it's got to be something
apropos.'

"Senator Coburn also testified that he did not propose any resolution, but was
simply going to pass information to Senator Ensign.

"Mr. Albregts testified that Senator Coburn took an active role in the
negotiations between Mr. Hampton and Senator Ensign, and this role included
proposing specific resolutions."

Another conflict

Another conflict in the report involves whether Coburn called Ensign's father
during the period in which Coburn and others were trying to get Ensign to end
the affair.

One witness was convinced Coburn called Ensign's father, but Coburn said he
didn't; the father said he couldn't remember but may have talked to Coburn.

Ensign's parents ultimately paid $96,000 to the Hamptons and their children as
"a gift."

The questionable legality of the payment is part of the reason the special
counsel's report was referred to the Justice Department.

Coburn said in 2009 that he didn't know about that payment until it was reported
in the media.

The head of an outside ethics watchdog group that called on the Senate Ethics
Committee in 2009 to investigate Coburn's involvement in the matter said Friday
that the committee should complete its report about Coburn's conduct.

Melanie Sloan, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in
Washington, said she didn't think Coburn had done anything illegal. But she said
Coburn's "admissions about what he did or didn't do changed" in his public
statements and that some of those statements conflicted with what he told the
Ethics Committee.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Former Sen. John Ensign
Photo 2: U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             October 3, 2003 Friday

Courts make slow progress on Enron

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 860 words

HIGHLIGHT: The disgraced energy trading giant whose meltdown led to the
crackdown on corporate wrongdoing was all over the news.


For a week in which former Credit Suisse First Boston banker Frank Quattrone and
former Tyco International Ltd. executive L. Dennis Kozlowski faced trial for
scandal-related crimes, the real story may have been Enron Corp.

The disgraced energy trading giant whose meltdown led to the crackdown on
corporate wrongdoing was all over the news. On the criminal front, a federal
judge has removed roadblocks that made it tough for seven defendants in an
Enron-related Internet business prosecution to interview witnesses, The Houston
Chronicle said Tuesday, Sept. 30. The judge said the government cannot accuse
witnesses who are facing charges of their own of failing to cooperate if they
talk to the defense. Failure to cooperate could result in longer prison terms.

The decision could affect all the future scandal-related prosecution because the
government also promises a lesser sentence to those who cooperate with the
investigation. If talking to the defense in such cases was deemed "failure to
cooperate," then few would risk it.

Meanwhile, the Securities and Exchange Commission moved Monday, Sept. 29, to
force former Enron chairman Kenneth Lay to turn over documents related to the
company. Lay has refused to release the material, claiming he has a Fifth
Amendment right against self-incrimination. The SEC has asked a federal judge to
conclude that Lay cannot assert this right because the documents rightfully
belong to Enron. Lay's lawyers contend they are personal records.

The Department of Justice also has beefed up its prosecution team for Enron,
concluding that it needed more lawyers to handle all of the upcoming
proceedings. The Houston Chronicle first reported the news last week, though
other publications did not pick it up until late this week.

On the civil side of the Enron prosecution, Bloomberg said Tuesday that U.S.
District Judge Melinda Harmon in Houston dismissed racketeering claims against
Citigroup Inc. and J. P. Morgan Chase & Co. Enron's employee pension funds sued
the banks for helping the energy trader manipulate its books. Bloomberg said the
judge concluded that the banks could not be sued under racketeering laws while
shareholders and bondholders are suing them for fraud.

The judge, however, let stand charges that Lay and the Northern Trust Corp.
violated federal law in their management of the employee pension fund. The Wall
Street Journal said Wednesday that those pension funds were 60% invested in
Enron stock, now virtually worthless.

The Journal noted that the ruling could be a boon for employees by imposing a
responsibility on corporate chiefs to ensure pension investments are prudent.

Enron did score one victory in court this week. The U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit on Tuesday rejected The Houston Chronicle's demand that U.S.
District Judge Kenneth Hoyt unseal transcripts from Enron-related hearings and
cease holding closed-door proceedings in the case.

The sealed proceedings involved former Enron chief financial officer Andrew
Fastow and finance executive Dan Boyle, both of whom have pleaded not guilty to
charges of fraud in connection with various deals at Enron.

While other scandal news happened this week, the two trials clearly generated
the most interest. The Wall Street Journal reported that Kozlowski's lawyers
queried potential jurors on their relationships with financial institutions such
as Legg Mason Inc., TIAA-CREF and Morgan Stanley. The paper speculated that
Kozlowski's team expects to raise those institutions during the trial on whether
he and another executive stole $600 million.

The paper also said that the trial is not expected to conclude until Christmas,
and noted that the New York state judge warned potential jurors against using
the trial to send a warning to other executives.

The other big trial -- the charge that Quattrone obstructed justice -- could
hinge on the testimony of David Brodsky, a former CSFB general counsel who
notified Quattrone of a regulatory probe into IPO allocations months before the
banker sent around his e-mail telling employees to "clean" some documents, The
Journal said Tuesday.

The paper said this is part of a trend, spurred in part by passage of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, in which corporations are waiving attorney-client privilege
to permit their lawyers to testify.

Outside the Enron, Kozlowski and Quattrone affairs, HealthSouth is poised to
become the next major scandal for Capitol Hill to spotlight. The House Energy
and Commerce Committee has scheduled an Oct. 16 hearing on the alleged fraud at
the company, which involved the massive overstatement of revenue by a public
company. This will be the first congressional hearing on the case.

Former HealthSouth chairman Richard M. Scrushy is expected to assert his Fifth
Amendment right to avoid testifying.

In other news, the mutual fund scandal turned criminal this week. Alliance
Capital Management Holding LP suspended two employees because of "conflicts of
interest" that benefited Alliance's hedge-fund operations at the expense of
shareholders, The Journal said.



URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 17, 1994, Saturday

NONEMERGENCY TRANSPORTATION: TAKING GOVERNMENT FOR A RIDE Medicaid drivers haul
state cash away

BYLINE: By Frances Schwartzkopff STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 2

LENGTH: 961 words


Ticket to fraud: The intention was to make sure the poor have a ride to the
doctor; instead, corrupt companies are traveling to Easy Street on taxpayers'
backs.

The federal government meant to help people like Trina Wynn as well as save
Medicaid money when it required Georgia to provide the poor and disabled with
rides to doctor appointments.

But after a visit to Grady Memorial Hospital last month, Wynn said she and her
severely asthmatic daughter would rather take MARTA home than return on the van
they had taken, or on any of the other minibuses hawked by recruiters waiting
outside with walkie-talkies.

Wynn said she suspects that the van driver who took them to Grady tried to
double his earnings illegally by giving her two extra Medicaid trip verification
forms. And she blamed dishonest van companies for the interrogation she endured
a few weeks earlier when Medicaid officials accused her of using the minibuses
50 times in one month.

"They take patients anywhere for their Medicaid numbers," Wynn said about the
private companies, which are paid by the taxpayer-funded health insurance
program for the poor.

No other kind of Medicaid fraud is drawing more criminal investigations than
Georgia's nonemergency transportation program, federal and state officials said.
The program's budget doubled last year to $ 84 million, an expense that seems
certain to devour any savings that Medicaid officials had hoped to gain by
providing timely regular treatment.

'Problem is substantial'

Some companies bill Medicaid for rides they never give, exaggerate the mileage
they travel or charge for driving patients' children, all against Medicaid
rules, officials said. Medicaid requires recipients to turn first to family,
friends or public transportation before using the nonemergency vans.

"The extent of the problem is substantial," said Michael J. O'Leary, head of the
health care fraud division of the U.S. attorney general's office in Atlanta.
O'Leary, whose office is investigating a dozen transportation scams, describes
them as the most common and possibly the most costly type of Medicaid fraud.

In the most recent federal grand jury indictment, Bernard Gales of Atlanta was
charged in October with 148 counts of mail fraud, false claims and money
laundering. Gales, the owner of International Convalescent Transport, claimed he
transported 90 percent of his clients by stretcher. The U.S. attorney alleges
that virtually none were transported that way.

The reimbursement rate for patients carried by stretcher is $ 55 per round trip,
plus $ 1 per mile. The rate for clients who can walk is $ 2.95. The difference
to the state in the Gales case: $ 800,000.

"There is a level of criminal activity in this program that I have never
encountered," said Marjorie P. Smith, commissioner of the state Department of
Medical Assistance (DMA), which administers the program and has been struggling
to stem the fraud. Georgia taxes pay one-third of the program's budget. The
federal government covers the remainder.

Van companies acknowledge that some fraud exists, but they argue that a few
corrupt businesses are saddling the rest with a bad reputation. They also accuse
the state of failing to head off the problems with more aggressive regulation,
including background checks of company owners and drivers.

"The business is so lucrative, . . . and it's so easy to go into it. The
criteria needs to be more stringent," said Linda Jackson of Network Business
Funding and Consultants, an Atlanta company working with providers and the DMA
to try to find solutions to the problems.

Some companies pay employees $ 150 or more a week to stand outside public
hospitals soliciting passengers.

On a recent cold day, more than 12 competing recruiters patrolled the sidewalk
outside Grady, walkie-talkies and blank trip forms in hand. Even a reporter was
offered a ride.

"It's replaced MARTA," said Dawn Sue Hines, a Fulton County welfare director.
She said drivers are constantly soliciting outside her Bankhead Highway office,
where residents come for food stamps and welfare checks. Hines also said that
van drivers have even argued that her employees should sign trip forms for
Medicaid recipients. Only medical providers are allowed to sign the forms.

DMA steps up audits

The federal government has required the service since Medicaid was created in
the 1960s. The idea is that it is cheaper in the long run to transport people to
medical appointments than to have them forgo preventive health care because they
couldn't get a ride. In the 1980s federal officials said, however, that states
could no longer count on clients' friends and family to give rides. They had to
create programs to ensure clients had rides.

Georgia already had opted to rely on private transportation providers, just as
it depends on private doctors and dentists to treat Medicaid patients. To
encourage more companies to offer the service, the state in 1988 increased the
rate it paid companies. A year later, reports of abuse began filtering in. So
DMA officials cut rates and introduced new licensing requirements. The changes
were the first in a steady stream that seems to have done little to eliminate
fraud or stem the program's growth.

Three months ago, the DMA began auditing the 10 companies that requested the
highest reimbursements each week. Since then, a total of 57 providers have been
audited, including one that claimed every client traveled the same distance, DMA
officials said. Thirty-six companies no longer may participate in the program,
and others had their claims significantly slashed. The estimated savings: $ 40
million annually, DMA officials said.

Of those audited, Smith said, "Fifty percent of the claims can't be
substantiated."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943520045

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Bank of America $1.2 Billion Mortgage "Hustle" Penalty Thrown Out

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: New York



 Canistota: Canistota, SD has issued the following news release



 A federal appeals court Monday ruled in favor of Bank of America, reversing a
lower court ruling. The decision is a blow to the federal government which had
won the case at trial. Bank of America had been ordered to pay a $1.27 billion
penalty for alleged violations by its Countrywide unit.





 The case got attention in 2012 because it appeared to pull back the curtain on
some of the widespread wrongdoing in the mortgage industry that led to the worst
financial crisis in generations.



 The "Hustle" case, as it was called, involved a whistleblower, a senior
executive from Countrywide, who said the bank continued to make risky loans and
sell them to investors even after the housing market was starting to fall apart.




 The alleged wrongdoing in the case occurred in 2007 when Countrywide was the
biggest home lender in the U.S., and there were growing defaults on risky loans
such as the so-called "liars loans" where borrowers didn't even have to show
proof of their incom  to get a mortgage.



 But rather than be more cautious and dial back its risky lending, prosecutors
alleged that Countrywide gutted its quality control system so it could push
sketchy loans through the pipeline three times faster than before. The lawsuit
says that Countrywide ignored warnings that the loans were going bad and kept
making more of them and selling them to investors anyway. This program within
the bank to keep making these bad loans was allegedly referred to by executives
at the bank as "The Hustle."



 During the trial, defense attorneys said the lawsuit was misguided and that the
whistleblower had a grudge.



 And now, a federal appeals court is siding with the bank. The appeals panel
says that the government didn't prove that the bank had intended to com it fraud
when it sold packages of home loans to investors.

 Countrywide, acquired by the Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America in the wake
of the 2008 financial collapse, accounts for most of the allegations of
wrongdoing against BofA.

 The Two-Way

 Bank Of America Reaches Record Settlement Over Mortgage Meltdown



 The "hustle" case is of course just one instance of a major U.S. bank facing
billion-dollar penalties over risky lending practices. In 2014, JPMorgan Chase
agreed to pay $13 billion, Citigroup came to a $7 billion deal with federal
investigators, and Bank of America itself agreed to pay nearly $17 billion in a
settlement with federal regulators over allegations that it misled investors
into buying risky, mortgage-backed securities. In 2015, Morgan Stanley agreed to
$2.6 billion mortgage-backed securities settlement. Earlier this year, Goldman
Sachs agreed to pay $5 billion for misleading investors about mortgages.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2009 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SEC's About-Face Raises Eyebrows;
Judge Scrutinizes Bank of America Probe

BYLINE: Zachary A. Goldfarb; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 873 words


Wall Street's top cop has found itself in an uncomfortable spot: arguing that
the bad deed at the heart of one of its biggest cases of the year wasn't that
bad.

The Securities and Exchange Commission has sought to soft-pedal the allegations
after a federal judge refused this month to approve a $33 million settlement
between the agency and Bank of America over charges that the firm illegally hid
from investors plans to pay billions of dollars in bonuses to employees of
Merrill Lynch, the troubled investment firm it agreed to buy last fall.

When the SEC announced the case against Bank of America earlier this month,
agency officials said the bank violated its duty to shareholders and deserved a
"significant financial penalty."

Now, the SEC's hope of getting the judge to approve the settlement relies in
part on officials convincing him that Bank of America's alleged wrongdoing
wasn't so bad that it warranted a more aggressive investigation by the agency.
The SEC has said that Bank of America acted in good faith but essentially made a
careless error by not disclosing the plans to pay bonuses. (The bank says it did
nothing wrong.) The SEC did not file charges against any executives at Bank of
America or Merrill Lynch.

The SEC's about-face in the case -- as well as the sharp questioning by the
judge, Jed Rakoff of the Southern District of New York -- has raised several
questions about how the SEC seeks to punish wrongdoing.

Should the SEC seek to penalize only a company rather than individual executives
if this approach means that the cost of the fine is ultimately borne by
shareholders, who were the alleged victims in the first place?

Should the SEC hold corporate lawyers accountable for providing advice that
allegedly contributed to the misdeed?

And should the SEC pursue the most aggressive case possible or the one with the
best chance of success?

"The issue is of broader public concern because it's really at the intersection
of the bailout of the banks and securities law. And the judge has been clear
that he's unhappy with the bank paying the settlement and no individual officers
and directors being sanctioned at all," said Adam Pritchard, a law professor at
the University of Michigan.

The SEC says in court papers that it did not pursue cases against any of the
executives or lawyers who played a role in the alleged wrongdoing because it
didn't have the evidence to do so.

Obtaining that evidence, the SEC said, would have required that Bank of America
waive its attorney-client privilege. But the SEC didn't have the power to try to
force the bank to do so with this type of case.

In an order earlier this week, Rakoff found this line of thinking hard to
believe.

"If the SEC is right in this assertion," he wrote, "it would seem that all a
corporate officer who has produced a false proxy statement need offer by way of
defense is that he or she relied on counsel, and, if the company does not waive
the privilege, the assertion will never be tested, and the culpability of both
the corporate officer and the company counsel will remain beyond scrutiny." He
demanded more information from both parties by Sept. 9.

Rakoff also raised the possibility that the lawyers could be charged. The
settlement "leaves open the question of whether, if it was actually the lawyers
who made the decisions that resulted in a false proxy statement, they should be
held legally responsible," he wrote.

Several experts gave different reasons for the SEC's approach to the case.
Several agreed with Bank of America that the SEC's case isn't a particularly
strong one and that the agency might have been seeking the quickest settlement
it could.

"I suspect that the SEC was motivated by what is an urgent need in that agency
to reestablish themselves as a tough cop on the Wall Street beat," said John
Coffee, a professor at Columbia University.

Donald C. Langevoort, a law professor at Georgetown, has  said it would be
extremely difficult to have gotten a quick settlement if the agency went after
top brass at the companies. "Had they been insistent on serious penalties
against the individual wrongdoer, settlement would have been hard to achieve,"
he said.

Rakoff has a reputation for being a thorn in the side of government regulators
as well as defendants. A few years ago, he increased the penalty that telecom
company WorldCom had to pay to $750 million from $500 million after a massive
accounting fraud. But rather than ordering WorldCom to pay the funds to the
government, he had the company pay it to its own shareholders.

It is unusual for judges to intervene as Rakoff has done in the Bank of America
case. But in two other instances this month, in high-profile criminal cases
linked to finance, judges have rebuffed the requests of law enforcement agencies
and taken even tougher stands against defendants.

Frank DiPascali Jr., who pleaded guilty to helping Bernard L. Madoff run his
Ponzi scheme, was sent to jail after a judge ignored the recommendation of
prosecutors that he be allowed to remain free on bail.

A week and a half later, Bradley C. Birkenfeld was sentenced to 40 months in
prison for playing a role in setting up tax shelters for Swiss banking giant
UBS. This was 10 months longer than prosecutors had sought.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 10, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Senator Goes Before Texas Grand Jury

BYLINE: By SAM HOWE VERHOVEK,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 9


Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison complied with a subpoena and appeared briefly today
before a state grand jury, but her lawyers said they had advised her to invoke
the Fifth Amendment and refuse to answer questions.

After leaving the Travis County Courthouse, Senator Hutchison said it would be
inappropriate to discuss with reporters what had transpired before the grand
jury, which is investigating accusations of wrongdoing during her tenure as
state treasurer.

Her appearance could have easily been confused with a campaign rally. A throng
of supporters greeted her at the courthouse door and cheered when she emerged
after less than an hour. A short time later, Senator Hutchison, a Republican,
gave a defiant speech at her political headquarters, predicting she would be
re-elected next fall even if the grand jury evenutally indicted her.

"It will only make me stronger," Mrs. Hutchison said. "I am going to win in the
end because I have done nothing wrong."

Several Claims of Wrongdoing

The grand jury was impaneled only days after Mrs. Hutchison became the first
woman elected to the United States Senate from Texas, winning a landslide
victory in a special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Treasury
Secretary Lloyd Bentsen. The panel is looking into accusations, some from former
employees of the State Treasury, that Mrs. Hutchison repeatedly used public
employees to perform personal and political chores for her and for the
Bush-Quayle campaign.

Mrs. Hutchison has routinely denied those charges, though she acknowledged last
year that "a small amount of nonstate material" had been found in a Treasury
computer. She said political work had been done without her knowledge and that
the office was "redoubling our efforts to make sure it never happens again."

The grand jury may also be looking into accusations by two former employees of
San Saba County in Central Texas that Mrs. Hutchison promised that county's
former chief executive, Tom Bowden, a job if he dropped his own bid for State
Treasurer and endorsed her. Mr. Bowden did endorse her, and he wound up working
at the Treasurer's office, but both he and Mrs. Hutchison have insisted there
was never any arrangement between them.

As she has from the beginning of the investigation, Senator Hutchison today
dismissed the grand jury proceeding as a political plot hatched by Ronnie Earle,
the Democratic District Attorney here in Travis County, and by other Democrats
angered by her capturing a Senate seat that had been held by Democrats since
Reconstruction.

She repeated that theme today after her appearance before the grand jury, as
supporters held aloft banners saying, "Ronnie: Earle of Injustice" and "If you
can't beat 'em, prosecute."

Democrats here have insisted that it is the Republicans who have turned the
proceedings into a political circus. "It's a legal matter," said the state's
Democratic Party executive director, Ed Martin. "The Hutchison campaign has
chosen to deal with it politically."

As the District Attorney in the state capital for 16 years, Mr. Earle has
prosecuted far more Democrats than Republicans, including another state
treasurer, a former Texas attorney general, the former speaker of the Texas
House of Representatives and numerous Democratic state representatives, all
while they were in office.

Message for Grand Jurors

Earlier this week, Mrs. Hutchison's lawyers took the unusual step of confirming
that they had advised her not to answer any questions before the grand jury. In
an interview with The Austin American-Statesman, the lawyers said they hoped
that by publicly revealing what advice they had given Ms. Hutchison, members of
the grand jury here would understand the reason for the Senator's silence.

John Dowd, the leader of the Senator's legal team, said he feared prosecutors
were out to entrap Mrs. Hutchison.

Some of Senator Hutchison's political aides also seem to be laying the
groundwork for an "everybody does it" defense. Among other things, they have
released research that they say shows that Gov. Ann W. Richards, Mrs.
Hutchison's predecessor as Treasurer, also used the Treasury for political
purposes. The Governor has denied that assertion.

Texas grand jury proceedings are typically private, but the Hutchison case is
hardly the first to become a political free-for-all. Ten years ago, as a grand
jury investigated then-Attorney General Jim Mattox for bribery allegations, Mr.
Mattox strode to the courthouse and demanded to speak with the jurors. Mr.
Mattox, now in private practice and a possible Democratic candidate for Mrs.
Hutchison's job, was later indicted but acquitted.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "I am going to win in the end because I have done nothing
wrong," said Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, who arrived yesterday with her
husband, Ray Hutchison to testify before a grand jury investigating possible
wrongdoing during her tenure as state treasurer. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday

Steve Garvey not liable for weight loss pills

LENGTH: 176 words


SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A federal appeals court cleared former baseball star Steve
Garvey of wrongdoing for hawking a weight-loss product that makers claimed would
work even if dieters continued to eat fatty food.

The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals did reinstate the Federal Trade Commission's
lawsuit against producers of the television infomercials Garvey appeared in to
endorse the two products.

The FTC alleges that the production company Modern Interactive Technology, Inc.
made false advertising claims when it aired infomercials 48,000 from December
1998 to May 2000.

The dietary supplements marketer, Enforma Natural Products Inc., had settled a
related lawsuit with the FTC for $10 million in 2000.

In 2002, the judge cleared Garvey of any wrongdoing and the FTC appealed. The
court ruled that Garvey didn't know of any misrepresentations nor did he
purposely lie during the infomercials.

Garvey, who played for the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Diego Padres, was the
National League MVP in 1974. He earned $1.1 million for appearing in the
infomercials.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 24, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Accounting firm develops index of corruption

BYLINE: Maria Saporta, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 506 words


The accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers used the platform of Atlanta's
Carter Center Thursday to launch an initiative to measure the cost of corruption
around the world.

The firm's "Transparency Project" is part of an international effort to curb
corruption in business and political dealings.

"All over the globe, investors are deterred from entering new markets by a lack
of accounting standards, concern about a corrupt bureaucracy and the fear of
becoming entangled in a web of bribery, extortion and misplaced funds, " said
James J. Schiro, chief executive officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers. " The is a
growing international consensus that the lack of transparency impacts the
confidence of investors, increases costs and is a very real drag on growth and
development."

The accounting firm has developed an index, called the "O Factor," to measure a
country's economic costs of corruption. Loans are higher, international
organizations are reticent to make grants and investors are more reluctant to
enter riskier markets. The higher the O Factor, the more corruption is costing
that country. That often correlates to a country's political makeup.

New preservation chief

The Atlanta Preservation Center has a new executive director --- longtime
Atlanta volunteer Mary Schroder.

Schroder, 33, a fifth-generation Atlantan, has been head of Schroder
Communications and was active in the aborted effort to create a Georgia Heritage
Fund to conserve the state's green spaces and historical treasures.

"Atlanta is my passion," Schroder said. "I think it's very important to protect
our green space and our historical assets because they give us our sense of
place and our unique charm. Once you destroy a historic building or green space,
it's gone and you never get it back."

The Atlanta Preservation Center, which will soon celebrate its 20th anniversary,
has 800 members and 150 volunteers. It conducts tours of historic areas,
including Sweet Auburn, downtown, Ansley Park, West End and Druid Hills.

The center also serves as an advocate to save endangered historic properties. It
works with the Atlanta Urban Design Commission to identify historic buildings.
It also works with developers, business leaders and government officials to
fight demolition while offering alternatives to reuse and incorporate older
structures in new developments.


CEO aids Conservancy

Walter M. Higgins III, chairman and CEO of AGL Resources, will chair the Georgia
Conservancy's 2000 corporate annual fund campaign.

The campaign, which has a goal of $ 350,000, will kick off Wednesday..

"It seemed like a nice opportunity to contribute," Higgins said. He also heads
environmental programs for the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce.

The Georgia Conservancy protects the state's air, water and natural areas by
working with government and business leaders on conservation and environmental
issues.


Maria Saporta is assisted by Amy Winn.

Our business and civic columnist
e-mail: msaporta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

Probe clears Eagle Mountain councilman

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; Breaking

LENGTH: 101 words


Posted: 7:05 AM- EAGLE MOUNTAIN - Investigators have cleared Eagle Mountain
councilman David Blackburn has been cleared of alleged wrongdoing in office.

The probe was launched by the city and the Utah County Attorney's Office to
determine if Blackburn failed to disclose gifts from people doing business with
the city.

The Daily Herald newspaper reports today that Mayor Don Richardson has declared
the investigation over.

"No wrongdoing was found on the part of David Blackburn," Richardson said. "He
was exonerated of any wrongdoing."

In March, the city disclosed it had launched an investigation in January.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Dept. of Justice shows its playbook

BYLINE: By TONY SAAVEDRA, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 1048 words



HIGHLIGHT: Document details tactics planned for probe of O.C. snitch scandal.


Community forums. Face-to-face meetings with leaders of the local deputies union
and with local defense attorneys. Twitter.

Is this any way to conduct a civil rights investigation?

Actually it is. All of those forms of public outreach - many of them as likely
to get people talking to each other as they are to ferret out misconduct - could
be part of the U.S. Department of Justice's probe into the Orange County
District Attorney's Office and the Orange County Sheriff's Department.

The tactics were among many details spelled out in a report released this week
that describes the role of the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department,
which enforces a law enacted in the mid-1990s after the Rodney King beating in
Los Angeles.

The playbook shows that as federal lawyers conduct their probe of the county's
ongoing jailhouse informant scandal - a process that could take many months -
they hope to diffuse any public tension even if they have to force changes in
the county's justice system.

The document also makes two clear statements.

One: The fact that federal officials are here indicates that, in their view, the
county's prosecutors and jailers have exhibited signs of systemic failure, in
this case the routine misuse of jailhouse informants and withholding of evidence
from defense attorneys to win convictions. The Justice Department doesn't
typically look at one-time violations, and evidence that wrongdoing is routine
and ongoing is the minimum threshold to launch an investigation.

Two: Just because they're investigating is not a sign they'll find actual
wrongdoing. In more than a third of the investigations launched by the Civil
Rights Division of the Justice Department, federal prosecutors did not find
misconduct.

Officials from the Justice Department aren't commenting on the investigation.
Likewise, Orange County Sheriff Sandra Hutchens declined to comment through a
spokesman, while an email to the Orange County District Attorney's Office was
not returned.

In addition to describing how federal investigations work, the document also
offered some data.

The division has opened 69 investigations, 40 of those ending in reform
agreements. When the statute was passed, in 1994, it was aimed mostly at the
nation's 18,000 police agencies. But the law also can be applied to prosecuting
agencies, such as the local District Attorney's Office, and the investigation in
Orange County, announced last month, marks the the second time the so-called
Rodney King law has been aimed at prosecutors. The first was in Missoula, Mont.,
in 2012, over allegations of failure to prosecute sexual assault cases.

The division, according to the document, has investigated police agencies as
large as the one in Puerto Rico, with 18,000 officers, and as small as the
department in East Haven, Conn., which has 50 officers.

The documents also show that the investigation, announced last month, came only
after federal officials had informally watched the county for several months.

The division, according to the documents, conducts hundreds of such preliminary
investigations, but few rise to the level of a formal probe. Investigators step
in if they believe it's possible there is a "pattern and practice" of
misconduct. Attention is placed on whole departments, not individual officers or
attorneys. Also, officials consider whether an investigation can result in
reforms that might be used by other agencies nationwide.

"The Division considers whether the allegations represent an issue common to
many law enforcement agencies as well as whether the allegations represent an
emerging or developing issue, such that reforms could have an impact beyond the
primary objective of eliminating constitutional violations in the specific law
enforcement agency," said the playbook.

Federal officials will spend at least some time away from county prosecutors and
deputies - talking with local political leaders, community advocates, union
officials and defense attorneys, among others.

Tom Dominguez, president of the Association of Orange County Deputy Sheriffs,
said federal investigators have not contacted him, but if they do, he'll give
them an earful.

"We absolutely look forward to ... having some frank discussions," Dominguez
said. "At the end of the day it will be shown our systems are adequate."

As part of the local probe, investigators also will review thousands of pages of
material, in this case, legal briefs, secret notes kept by deputies on the
informants, jail housing records called TREDs, informant deals and court
transcripts, among other papers.

Typically, investigations take more than a year, sometimes because the records
are not in order.

"Unfortunately, the agencies the Division investigates - ones that are already
exhibiting signs of systemic failures by meeting the threshold for a federal
investigation - often do not keep well maintained, comprehensive electronic
records," the federal document said.

If no pattern and practice of misconduct is found, investigators will close the
file, as they have in 26 cases since the federal law was enacted.

If a pattern is confirmed, the division will write a "findings report" and
present it at a public forum before prosecutors, police, community stakeholders
and others.

"It is both a diagnosis of a law enforcement agency's problems and the
foundation for a plan to treat the root causes of those problems," the primer
explained.

Finally, before negotiating any court-enforceable "reform agreement" with the
agencies involved, the division will seek community input.

"The Division does not stake out aggressive positions merely for the purposes of
creating negotiating leverage, and rarely finds that local jurisdictions
withhold agreement on common-sense measures merely for that purpose, either,"
said the report.

In most cases, police agencies work with the division to create meaningful
reform, the report said.

If conflicts arise, investigators can take the agencies to court to force the
fixes; working in a way that violates constitutional rights is not an option.
But only six cases, out of dozens, have required such litigation, the primer
said.

More often, a reform-monitoring team is created to be sure agencies don't slip
into old habits. It often remains in place long after investigators leave.



tsaavedra@scng.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday

N.Y. United Way Reaches Deal With Former Leader

BYLINE: Elizabeth Schwinn

SECTION: MANAGING; Pg. 47 Vol. 18 No. 14

LENGTH: 350 words


The United Way of New York City has reached an agreement with its former leader,
Ralph Dickerson Jr., to repay $227,000 that the charity said Mr. Dickerson spent
on personal expenses in 2002 and 2003.

The United Way said Mr. Dickerson benefited from a program by which donors gave
points toward free hotel stays to the charity. The points were to be used by
United Way executives or by officials of other charities for travel related to
their organizations' missions. For example, a church group from Alabama that did
volunteer work in New York used hotel points for its stay.

After employees in January discovered that Mr. Dickerson had apparently used
$190,000 worth of hotel points for travel unrelated to United Way business,
Lawrence Mandell, who succeeded him as chief executive officer, and the United
Way board hired outside law and accounting firms to conduct a detailed audit of
spending by Mr. Dickerson and other executives.

The audit found an additional $37,000 worth of improper travel and entertainment
expenses claimed by Mr. Dickerson, in addition to the donated hotel points,
United Way officials said. The audit did not uncover any wrongdoing by other
charity executives.

Mr. Dickerson did not return calls a reporter made last week seeking comment.

Steps to Curtail Fraud

The New York United Way said that since it discovered the wrongdoing by Mr.
Dickerson, it has taken steps to prevent financial abuses by employees,
including creating an internal audit department to more closely monitor
spending. It also plans to teach its employees how to recognize problem
spending, and will hire an outside company to which whistleblowers can report
suspected abuses.

New York's United Way raises more money than any other United Way. It took in
$133.1-million in 2004, the year that Mr. Dickerson retired.

After retiring, Mr. Dickerson returned to the United Way of New York City to
work for a year as a consultant. Most of his work involved helping with the
overhaul of the United Ways of the Greater Tri-State Area, a regional
organization of United Ways in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 12, 2005 Sunday Home Edition

OUR OPINION: Scrushy tries O.J. defense

BYLINE: CYNTHIA TUCKER

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 6B;

LENGTH: 719 words


Let's say you're a rich white guy who --- according to the feds --- has cooked
the books at his company to get even richer, inflating earnings to the tune of
$2.7 billion. What do you do when the law comes after you?

Do you throw yourself on the mercy of the court? Do you flee the country before
you're arrested? Do you stick to a traditional defense of staunchly maintaining
your innocence?

Well, if you're Richard Scrushy --- founder and former CEO of Birmingham-based
HealthSouth, a rehabilitation services company --- you try to pass yourself off
as a black man who is the victim of government persecution. Strange as it may
seem, the strategy may be working.

After a four-month trial in Birmingham, during which Scrushy surrounded himself
with black ministers and one of his black attorneys compared Scrushy's travails
to the oppression of black Alabamians during segregation, the jury considering
the charges seems stalled. After the 10th day, the jury of six whites and six
blacks sent U.S. District Court Judge Karon Bowdre a note telling her they were
deadlocked, but she insisted they try again. (Having taken a brief vacation
after Day 12, the jurors are scheduled to resume deliberations Monday.)

Scrushy's apparent success in playing the race card is all the more confusing
given that actual black people aren't faring so well with that tactic these
days. Once upon a time, black politicians and other influential black figures
routinely cried racism whenever they were charged with wrongdoing.

That tactic worked best in the 1970s and '80s, when black influence was still
new and whites were still adjusting to the changes wrought by the civil rights
movement.

Given the racial tensions of the times, black officials were sometimes targeted
unfairly, and black jurors often gave black defendants the benefit of the doubt.
But that's changing.

This month, former state Sen. Charles Walker, once one of the most powerful men
in Georgia politics, was convicted on 127 counts of fraud and corruption. A
racially mixed jury clearly didn't buy his excuses. Walker didn't testify at his
trial, but he had long claimed that any accusations against him were merely an
attempt by a cabal of white Republicans to bring down an influential black
Democrat.

In 1999, a racially mixed jury convicted former state Sen. Diana Harvey Johnson,
who is black, on federal corruption charges. And three years ago, a
predominantly black Fulton County jury convicted Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin (aka H.
Rap Brown) on murder charges. Both of them had claimed, to no avail, that whites
were out to get them.

But their failures didn't stop Scrushy from culturally reinventing --- or
recoloring --- himself. A few years ago, Scrushy was just another
self-aggrandizing, superwealthy white guy, with mansions not just in the
Birmingham area but also Palm Beach, expensive toys --- including a Rolls-Royce
and several boats --- and a trophy wife. He attended a predominantly white
Methodist church.

But in 2003, HealthSouth ousted Scrushy as the feds closed in. With fraud
charges imminent, Scrushy suddenly started attending a large, predominantly
black church and began contributing large sums. He started preaching at other
churches, favoring those with mostly black congregations. He became host of a
religious TV program.

Now, I've never heard Scrushy preach. I'm afraid that I'd turn rude if I were to
hear one of his sermons; rather than interjecting "Amen!" I'd be more likely to
shout "Liar!" or "Hypocrite!"

Scrushy, though, must have learned the rhythms and ritual of black evangelical
worship or he wouldn't have attracted so many black fans. Not every white guy
can dance across a pulpit without losing his place in the Scriptural reading.
(Nor can every black guy, for that matter.)

His creativity notwithstanding, Scrushy's elaborate role-playing and
race-baiting may yet come to naught. He could still be convicted.

But if he walks away, his victory would have to be read as one more sign of the
continued blurring of the lines of race in America: A black defendant may not
get away scot-free by claiming to be a victim of white oppression, but a white
guy might.

* Cynthia Tucker is the editorial page editor. Her column appears Sundays and
Wednesdays.

cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 29, 2011 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CHARGES GROW VS. PIONEERING PUBLIC SCHOOL

BYLINE: BY SCOTT SHIFREL and RACHEL MONAHAN DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 156 words


A POPULAR public school in lower Manhattan is facing at least 15 allegations of
wrongdoing, a city lawyer acknowledged in federal court Thursday.

Shuang Wen, widely heralded for its dual language program in Chinese, faces
charges of financial misconduct.

"We have a great school, but I'm afraid these investigations will ruin its
reputation," said Vincent Wong, part of a group of parents that sued the city to
end city investigations into the school.

City lawyer Kimberly Conway acknowledged that 15 to 25 investigations of
wrongdoing at the school have been ongoing for two to three years.

School officials and its former principal stand accused of a range of
misconduct, including improperly admitting students from outside the
neighborhood as well as charging poor students for a required Chinese class in
the after-school program.

The Education Department removed longtime Principal Ling Ling Chou earlier this
month.

sshifrel@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 21, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

Experts: Whistle-blower cases difficult to prove

BYLINE: ROBERT LUKE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 536 words


Matthew Whitley could find it tough to prove that he was fired as a
whistle-blower.

The former Coca-Cola employee filed a lawsuit Monday in Fulton County Superior
Court against the company and six of its executives, alleging he lost his job
after disclosing alleged accounting and other irregularities.

Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, said he will seek federal whistle-blower
protection for his client this week under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

But legal experts said most whistle-blowers who sue private employers, alleging
they were fired for disclosing wrongdoing, don't prevail. That's because there
must be specific proof that a worker was fired, demoted, threatened, harassed or
discriminated against for providing information of alleged wrongdoing.

"You've got to have the proof, especially in employment matters, where the
likelihood is that a careful company will have a documented file with respect to
an employee's performance," said Michael Rosenzweig, a partner at the law firm
of McKenna Long & Aldridge in Atlanta. "It's difficult to show that the
principal motivation in a termination was whistle-blowing."

So it's not surprising that Whitley and his attorney are taking their case to
the public, Rosenzweig said.

"The reality is, particularly in this environment, public companies like
Coca-Cola have a very heightened sensitivity to these kinds of allegations,"
Rosenzweig said. "Plaintiffs' lawyers, when dealing with public companies, have
long understood that properly invoked stories in the public media can be
enormously helpful in achieving the result they are trying to achieve."

Georgia law provides no specific protections to whistle-blowers who aren't
public employees, legal experts said. So besides the lawsuit filed Monday in
Fulton County, Garber said Whitley will seek federal whistle-blower protection
under Sarbanes-Oxley.

"The complaint to the Department of Labor is being prepared, and we expect to
file it later this week," Garber said.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, passed last year in the wake of financial scandals such
as Enron, creates a new civil action for employees of public companies who
believe they have been fired because of a whistle-blower role. It has criminal
sanctions as well.

Under the law, an employee files a civil complaint with the Labor Department
and, if a ruling isn't issued within 180 days, the employee can sue in federal
court.

Rosenzweig said the legal landscape is changing because of Sarbanes-Oxley.

"So the fact that these lawsuits historically have been difficult to win should
not be taken as an indication that they will necessarily continue to be as
difficult to win," Rosenzweig said.

One whistle-blower who prevailed in a case that preceded Sarbanes-Oxley was
Marvin Hobby. Georgia Power reinstated the executive and paid him about $4
million after Hobby was fired in a 12-year-old whistle-blower case in which he
alleged safety concerns at the company's nuclear power plants.

A three-judge panel of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a U.S. Labor
Department administrative review board's order in 2001 that Hobby be given his
job back.

Staff writer Margaret Newkirk contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

APS GRADE CHANGING;
Third school to get DA scrutiny

BYLINE: Molly Bloom; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 798 words



HIGHLIGHT: Allegations: APS educators awarded unearned grades.


The Fulton County District Attorney's Office has asked for information involving
cases of Atlanta Public Schools students allegedly receiving grades they didn't
earn.

The district attorney requested the information after receiving media questions
about several cases, APS spokeswoman Jill Strickland said. It's unclear whether
that information will lead to a formal investigation.

APS has investigated at least eight allegations of improper grading practices
this school year.

District investigators found wrongdoing at South Atlanta School of Law and
Social Justice, Carver School of Technology and, in two instances, at Washington
High School.

Two of the eight cases are still open. In the other cases, no wrongdoing was
found, Strickland said.

"The superintendent has insisted on complete transparency with all
investigations and has directed her team to assist the DA with any questions he
may have," Strickland said.

All the cases allegedly took place after the Atlanta test-cheating scandal came
to light and after district officials pledged to clean up a culture of
corruption. The grade changes the school district investigated at Carver took
place even while former APS educators were on trial for cheating involving state
standardized tests.

"Our office is in the process of evaluating those files," Fulton County District
Attorney's Office spokeswoman Yvette Jones said. "No other determinations have
been made at this time."

In both the South Atlanta and Carver cases, APS teachers and staff who
complained about behavior they thought was unethical later found their positions
eliminated.

District investigators found that one of those teachers had been retaliated
against. But for the others, district investigators said losing their jobs had
nothing to do with telling on their principals. The district says they can apply
for other jobs with APS.

APS human resources director Pam Hall told Channel 2 Action News that APS
employees should still have confidence that if they report possible wrongdoing
that they'll be protected. She promised APS would investigate alleged
retaliation and punish it where it's been found.

But when asked whether there's still a culture of fear at APS, Hall said yes.

"Given everything that this district has been through," she said, "I believe
people are afraid."

University of Georgia School of Law professor Ronald Carlson said grade changing
could potentially violate state laws against falsifying state records. Some of
the former educators found guilty in the Atlanta standardized test-cheating
scandal were convicted on similar charges.

From the information trickling out so far, the grade changing problems don't
sound as widespread as the test-cheating scandal, Carlson said.

"But it's serious enough in its own right," he said. "We don't want students
moved on and passed if they have not adhered to minimum standards."

The details of the cases sent to the district attorney differ, but most involve
principals doing improper things to students' grades, according to district
reports. The reports say:

* Charlotte Davis, while she was the principal at South Atlanta School of Law
and Social Justice, changed 144 grades from failing to passing in the 2013-14
school year with scant justification. Davis resigned this spring.

* Josie Love, as the principal of Carver School of Technology, awarded about 70
students "B's" after she learned that substitutes had not recorded grades for
the students. Love was demoted from principal to assistant principal but has not
yet found another position within the district, an APS spokesman said.

* Charcia Nichols, as the principal of Washington School of Banking, Finance and
Investment, gave some students preferential treatment, allowing them to receive
grades they had not earned. She has since resigned.

* Another Washington High School case involved a registrar changing a student's
grade from a 69, a failing grade, to a 70, a passing grade.

Atlanta Public Schools grading investigations

The school system this year has investigated eight allegations of improper
grading practices. Information about the following cases have now been referred
to the Fulton County District Attorney's Office:

* South Atlanta School of Law and Social Justice: APS investigators found that
the principal changed 144 grades from failing to passing with scant
justification.

* Carver School of Technology: A district report says the principal awarded
about 70 students B's after learning that substitutes had not recorded grades.

* Washington School of Banking, Finance and Investment: A district report says
the principal allowed students to receive grades they had not earned.

* Washington High School: A district report says a school registrar changed a
student's grade from 69 to 70, a passing grade.

Source: APS investigative reports

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

LAWMAKER SEEKS CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION, ALLEGING NEGLIGENCE, OUTSIDE WORK ON
STATE TIME ;
Medical examiner targeted

BYLINE: MICHAEL MCNUTT, Capitol Bureau <br> mmcnutt@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE NORTH; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 987 words


A legislator called Wednesday for a criminal investigation of a former state
medical examiner to look into allegations he illegally did private contract work
on state time, was negligent in his duties and misplaced state tissue samples
taken during autopsies.

Rep. Randy Terrill asked the governor and the attorney general to request an
Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation probe into the activities of Dr. Collie
M. Trant, who was fired in February, nine months after being hired as the
state's chief medical examiner. Trant has filed a "whistle-blower" lawsuit that
his rights were violated because he was fired as retaliation for reporting
wrongdoing. He is asking a judge to reinstate him.

"An OSBI forensic analysis and investigation is necessary to determine if any
illegal work occurred on state computers or on state time and, if so, allow
charges to be filed," Terrill said.

Trant's attorney, Scott Adams, denied Trant was involved in any wrongdoing and
questioned Terrill's allegations coming a week before a scheduled court hearing
on Trant's lawsuit.

"Every allegation's a joke," Adams said. "He was an honest, ethical,
hard-working doctor. ... Dr. Trant has done nothing wrong."

Terrill, R-Moore, said he obtained information that showed Trant completed only
nine of 81 autopsies he conducted during his tenure. Of the remaining 72,
records for 67 include only photos and incomplete body diagrams.

Terrill, chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee on public safety,
said two tissue samples missing from the medical examiner's office in Tulsa were
signed out by Trant, who indicated he was taking them to Oklahoma City.

Terrill said he became further alarmed when Trant's attorney last month
requested several items that Trant had left in the medical examiner's office -
among them a larynx from a homicide case in Louisiana.

Adams said Trant had the permission of the widow to bring the larynx to Oklahoma
to work on it.

"There's nothing nefarious or illegal or immoral about it," Adams said.

The governor and the attorney general seemed lukewarm to Terrill's request for
an OSBI investigation of the agency, which has undergone two other reviews in
the past several weeks.

Gov. Brad Henry said he would defer to the attorney general, a governor's
spokesman said.

Charlie Price, a spokesman for Attorney General Drew Edmondson, said no
allegations of criminal conduct were reported in the two reviews of the medical
examiner's office - one by Health Commissioner Terry Cline at the request of
Henry and the other a financial audit by the state auditor and inspector's
office.

"If Representative Terrill or anyone else has evidence that a crime was
committed we would gladly look at that information and I'm sure the district
attorney would as well," Price said.

Terrill said the state auditor's review looked at financial records and Cline's
examination focused on policies and procedures in the medical examiner's office.

"They did not take a specific look at the cases that Dr. Trant handled, the
manner in which he had handled them and whether or not there was any missing
evidence in those case files," he said.

Terrill said he e-mailed documents Wednesday to the attorney general's office
showing some of his concerns; Price said his office had not received anything
from Terrill.

Terrill said he took a closer look at the agency after he heard the Oklahoma
District Attorneys Council had written a letter last month to Henry and
legislative leaders asking that the state pay for independent examinations of
the 81 autopsies conducted by Trant.

Adams said Trant did not get paid by the state when he worked on cases outside
the jurisdiction of the medical examiner's office.

"Anytime he worked on a case for Louisiana he always took comp time," Adams
said.

The tissue samples that Trant is accused of taking actually are in the medical
examiner's office in Oklahoma City, Adams said. Trant has offered to show the
medical examiner's staff where the samples are but he has been denied entry into
the medical examiner's office, Adams said.

Trant's autopsy reports were incomplete because he did the medical procedures so
the bodies could be released and was in the process of filling out the reports
when he was terminated, Adams said. He has volunteered to complete them, but the
agency has refused his offer, Adams said.

"Every single autopsy that Dr. Trant has conducted had the chart in the files
completed by Dr. Trant," Adams said.

Terrill said that without documentation, the state would have to rely on Trant
to reconstruct all his work from memory, something that other pathologists say
is virtually impossible.

Trant's cases involved several high-profile investigations, including the
killing of Dwite Morgan, otherwise known as "Bicycle Bob," a homeless man in
Edmond; the death of the Rev. Carol Faye Daniels, an Anadarko pastor killed in
her church; and the November slayings of four people and two unborn children in
south Oklahoma City.

The lack of autopsy documentation caused the attorney general's office to send a
March 19 request to Trant's lawyer, stating that a review of case files at the
medical examiner's office showed "several items are missing, including, but not
limited to: medical records, medical reports, tissue cups, histology slides,
histology blocks, autopsy and viewing diagrams, X-rays, physical evidence
obtained at the scene of an investigation, and medical supplies."

The letter stated officials believed Trant had those items, which are state
property, and "retention of the items is unlawful" and demanded "their immediate
return."

In a March 23 response letter, Trant's attorney denied Trant had the items, and
then requested several of Trant's personal items that were at the medical
examiner's office, including "a bag containing formalin and a larynx from a
homicide case in Louisiana, which Dr. Trant has a deposition scheduled for April
7, 2010."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 25, 2006

California Court of Appeals says fen-phen claim is not time-barred

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 250  words


A complaint over the diet drug fen-phen is not time-barred despite publicity
over the dangers of the drug, the California Court of Appeal has ruled.

The plaintiff, who started taking the drug in 1997, contacted an attorney in
2002 after seeing the attorney's television advertisement. Her complaint against
the manufacturer was filed a year later.

The defendant moved for summary judgment, arguing that the statute of
limitations on the plaintiff's claim began to run when extensive media coverage
of the drug's risks began in mid-1997.

But the court held that the statute of limitations "does not begin to run when
some members of the public have a suspicion of wrongdoing, but only 'once the
plaintiff has a suspicion of wrongdoing. '"

The defendant's argument, the court found, "amounts to a contention that, having
taken a prescription drug, [the plaintiff] had an obligation to read newspapers
and watch television news and otherwise seek out news of dangerous side effects
not disclosed by the prescribing doctor, or indeed by the drug manufacturer, and
that if she failed in this obligation, she could lose her right to sue. "

Rather, the court held, while a "patient who actually learns of the dangerous
side effects of a drug she was taken ignores her knowledge at her peril ... the
law only requires an investigation when a plaintiff has reason to investigate. "

Nelson v. Indevus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Lawyers USA No. 9934136) California
Court of Appeal, 2nd District No. B183942. Sept. 12, 2006.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 28, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

HHS Population Office To Be Headed by Gasper;
Predecessor Resigned Under Fire

BYLINE: By Spencer Rich and Sally Squires, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 582 words


Jo Ann Gasper, a social-services official at the Health and Human Services
Department, will succeed Marjory E. Mecklenburg, who resigned Tuesday as
director of HHS' population affairs office after a departmental investigation of
her travel expense accounts, department sources said yesterday.

Mecklenburg, who ran the population program and the department's adolescent
pregnancy program, was a controversial figure. Before joining the department,
she was president and cofounder of an antiabortion group, American Citizens
Concerned for Life. In the department, she wrote the "squeal rule," eventually
killed by the courts, that would have forced federally funded clinics to notify
parents when minor daughters sought birth-control prescriptions.

Mecklenburg, in a letter of resignation to HHS Secretary Margaret M. Heckler,
called allegations of wrongdoing "unfounded and unfair" and blamed some of her
troubles on bureaucrats who did not want to carry out President Reagan's
policies.

The investigation, conducted by the office of Inspector General Richard
Kusserow, looked into 14 government-paid trips Mecklenburg took in 1983 to 1984
at a total cost of about $13,000.

During a trip to a conference in Denver last November, according to reports, she
attended a Denver Broncos football game in which her son, Carl, was playing
against the Minnesota Vikings. The investigation was revealed by Jack Anderson
in his syndicated column.

The investigation, according to department sources, concluded that Mecklenburg
was not guilty of intentional wrongdoing. The Justice Department concurred in
that judgment.

In her letter, Mecklenburg told Heckler that the complaints "are nothing more
than philosophical differences with this administration" by "those in the
bureaucracy who are too inflexible to adapt to pursuing the goals of this
administration. The dissenting bureaucrats have brought continuous pressure to
bear, so that I have had to achieve my goals while dealing with contrived and
baseless assaults."

Although the inspector general's report cleared Mecklenburg of criminal
wrongdoing, department sources said conflicts over her "management style" and
the trips had made it impossible for her to function effectively.

Antiabortion activists yesterday said they regretted her decision to resign. "We
feel she has worked very effectively in a very difficult agency and situation,"
said Jan Carroll of the National Right to Life Committee.

But Susan Cohen of the Alan Guttmacher Institute, a leading organization in
population issues, said her organization had had difficulties with
family-planning programs under Mecklenburg. Cohen said she hoped Mecklenburg's
successor "will operate the program in a way that is in accordance with the
intent of Congress."

Department sources said Mecklenburg will serve for a time as consultant to its
consumer affairs office before returning to Minnesota.

Gasper, Mecklenburg's successor, has been a deputy assistant secretary for
social-services policy since November 1981. She is said to be a longtime
supporter of Reagan's antiabortion policies.

Judie Brown, president of the American Life Lobby, said the choice of Gasper was
"encouraging," but she added: "Frankly, I think she will have just as difficult
a time making it as Marjory Mecklenburg did. Family planners will be her biggest
problems."

Before joining the HHS, Gasper was a business consultant and publisher and
editor of a newsletter called "The Right Woman."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Marjory E. Mecklenburg . . . called allegations "unfounded"

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 20, 2017 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Confidence in banks drops with another charge, another settlement

BYLINE: Matt Kempner; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 443 words


Another big bank is again paying to settle allegations of wrongdoing, as if
there's any more misdeeds left to be accused of.

The latest is a federal suit filed against JPMorgan Chase, claiming the nation's
biggest bank discriminated against thousands of African-American and Hispanic
mortgage borrowers between 2006 and 2009.

Independent brokers for the bank charged higher interest rates and fees for
minority borrowers compared to similar white borrowers, the government contends.
As a result, about 53,000 borrowers allegedly paid an average of about $1,000
extra over the first five years of a loan, news reports said.

JPMorgan has agreed to a $55 million settlement, though it said it "denies any
wrongdoing and remains committed to providing equal access to credit."

The bank has about 80 branches in Georgia.

This is roughly the bazillionth time a megabank has been slapped by federal and
state prosecutors and regulators for some alleged misdeeds in recent years. By
one estimate, since 2008, U.S. banks have shelled out more than $200 billion in
settlements and fines to make uncomfortable accusations go away.

Which begs the question: Just how many things can a bank allegedly do wrong?

Tom Powell, an Atlanta banking attorney with Troutman Sanders, told me he's
never seen such a wave of government lawsuits and settlements in the industry.
"It's unprecedented," he said.

Of course, much of it is tied to the mortgage debacle when regular people
borrowed too much and banks loaned too much and then pawned off the toxic debt
to investors.

But the litany of issues never seems to end.

JPMorgan agreed to a $13 billion doozy of a settlement in 2013 tied to claims
about mortgage-backed securities. A year later it kicked in another $614 million
over alleged violations with mortgages. And the next year it added $32 million
toward accusations that service members' homes were unlawfully foreclosed on.

A spokeswoman for JPMorgan emailed that she couldn't comment on other
settlements with the Justice Department.

This isn't a one-bank show. Other megabanks have faced a string of government
actions, too.

So maybe it's not surprising that Americans' confidence in banks has continued
to wallow near a low set during the Great Recession.

Last year, just 27 percent of U.S. adults surveyed said they had a "great deal"
or "quite a lot" of confidence in banks, according to Gallup.

That's about half the level in 2004. That's a shame. Because confidence is one
thing it would be nice to have with whatever business we entrust to watch our
money.

Find Matt on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/mattkempnercolumnist)and
Twitter(@MattKempner) or email him at mkempner@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

BYLINE: by TONY RAAP

LENGTH: 169 words


An investigation of an unidentified Pittsburgh police officer who shoved a
Tribune-Review reporter outside a Donald Trump rally last week "did not find any
wrongdoing" by the officer, officials said Monday.

Reporter Megan Guza posted a video Wednesday night on Twitter of an officer
pushing her to the ground in the chaos that briefly erupted outside Trump's
rally at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center.

"Our preliminary investigation did not find any wrongdoing done by the police
officer," Deborah Walker, manager of the Office of Municipal Investigations,
said in a statement.

City officials have reached out to Guza and she has said she does not want to
file an official complaint, Walker said.

After posting the video, Guza assured her Twitter followers that she was OK.

"Appreciate the concern + interview requests, but I'm not the story. I'm a cops
reporter & have great interactions w them each day," Guza tweeted.

Tony Raap is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-320-7827 or
traap@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Farah is cleared by doping inquiry into Salazar;
Athletics

BYLINE: GUY ASPIN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 286 words


UK Athletics has seen no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the initial
findings of its investigation into allegations of doping against his coach,
Alberto Salazar.

The governing body also said its investigation had not given it "any reason to
question the appropriateness of the input" given by Salazar's Nike Oregon
Project to the double Olympic champion's training regime.

UKA launched a review following allegations in a BBC Panorama programme last
month that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in Portland, where
Farah trains, had violated several anti-doping rules.

Salazar, who is an "unpaid consultant" for UKA, has strenuously denied all the
accusations against him and Farah - who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the
BBC documentary and has always denied doing anything wrong - has vowed to stick
by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

UKA's review into the American's relationship with the governing body and Farah
was undertaken by a performance oversight group comprising former athletes Jason
Gardener, Dr Sarah Rowell and Anne Wafula-Strike.

A statement from UKA said: "With reference to the first and most vital objective
of the review, the board can confirm that none of the extensive information
supplied to the POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo
Farah, nor gave UK Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the
input given by the Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime."

UKA said the formal investigations by the United States Anti-Doping Agency and
UK Anti-Doping into the allegations against Salazar meant the findings from its
own review "will need to be shared with UKAD, at their request, prior to any
wider circulation".

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2015 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday

2 officers cleared in fatality

BYLINE: Ben Winslow Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 264 words


Weber County Attorney Mark DeCaria has cleared two Ogden police officers of any
wrongdoing in the fatal shooting of a known white supremacist gang member.

In a letter sent Friday to Ogden's police chief, DeCaria said Sgt. Troy Burnett
and Officer Aaron Hawes were justified in the use of deadly force against
William Maw.

The gang member was shot seven times, the investigation revealed.

"Because they were each justified in the actions they took, they are entirely
cleared of any wrongdoing," DeCaria wrote. "We, as citizens, owe our thanks to
officers who place their very existence in jeopardy every day on the job."

On May 27, a Utah Highway Patrol trooper stopped a car for an improper lane
change on the 1200 block of Porter Avenue. Maw, 35, was in the car with his
girlfriend Chancey Hendricks. Ogden police said Hendricks, 29, had a warrant out
for her arrest.

Burnett and Hawes arrived to provide backup and assist in Hendricks' arrest.
DeCaria's investigation said that as Maw was being patted down, he ran and
pulled a gun from under his shirt, pointing it at police. Burnett fired four
shots, knocking Maw to the ground.

"Maw still holding the firearm raised as if to fire at the officers and at this
time Sgt. Burnett fired twice more and Officer Hawes fired once. Every round
struck Maw," DeCaria said in his letter.

Maw was pronounced dead at the hospital. The shooting prompted rumors of
retaliation from white supremacists against law enforcement for his death. As a
result, gang officers sent out an alert to police inon Weber and Davis counties.
E-mail: bwinslow@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday

Lakers' Brown investigated after assault allegations

SECTION: SP; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 355 words


Police are investigating sexual-assault allegations against Los Angeles center
Kwame Brown, who started in the Lakers' playoff game Tuesday in Phoenix shortly
after releasing a statement proclaiming his innocence.

The alleged assault occurred early Saturday, hours after the Lakers beat the
Suns in Game 3 of their NBA playoff series, Los Angeles Police Department
spokesman Jason Lee said Tuesday.

Police did not say when the report was filed or by whom. No charges have been
filed, and Brown denied any wrongdoing in a statement issued through the team
office Tuesday.

``I want to assure everyone that I am completely innocent of any wrongdoing and
look forward to the truth coming out when this matter is fully investigated,''
he said. ``However, on the advice of my attorney, I cannot comment further at
this time.''

Brown, 24, started Game 5 against the Suns and scored 14 points on 6-for-6
shooting, but he was plagued by foul trouble.

Indiana missed three key players in its Game 5 loss to New Jersey. Forward Peja
Stojakovic missed his second consecutive game and third in the series with a
knee injury. Guard Jamaal Tinsley missed his third consecutive game because of a
sore right Achilles tendon.

That was expected. What wasn't was the absence of starting center Jeff Foster,
who sat out with a back problem.

Although saying he was happy with the way the officials are handling the
playoffs, Commissioner David Stern acknowledged that NBA referees are missing
about 5 percent of the calls.

``Is the question do I think the officials miss a play? Absolutely!'' Stern said
during an impromptu news conference.

There have been increasing complaints about the officials in the playoffs this
season. Jermaine O'Neal of the Pacers was fined $15,000 for comments about them
after Game 2, and Miami's Shaquille O'Neal was fined $25,000 for his public
criticisms.

``Our goal is to make the officiating perfect, at 100 percent,'' Stern said.
``We have not and we never will achieve that result. But I think we have the
best officials, the best-monitored officials, the best-developed officials in
all of sports.''

-- MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 26, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Aide Sees Corporate Criminal Cases

SECTION: Section C; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 201 words


Larry D. Thompson, the deputy attorney general, said last night that the Justice
Department would not hesitate to bring criminal prosecutions against
corporations where it was warranted.

Although it should be done sparingly, he said in a speech to the Citizens Crime
Commission of New York City, "Only by thoroughly preserving the possibility of
prosecuting the corporation itself can we be assured of systemic reform of
corporate conduct."

Mr. Thompson, who leads President Bush's new Corporate Fraud Task Force,
emphasized the need to reform the culture of corporate wrongdoing, which he said
could become "a web of attitudes and practices that tends to replicate and
perpetuate itself beyond the tenure of any individual manager."

Although he would not comment on individual companies or investigations, Mr.
Thompson said corporations that are prosecuted "have generally transgressed
before, and proven themselves immune to civil persuasion."

"It takes criminal sanctions to deal with extreme cases of serious or repeated
wrongdoing," he said.

"Civil sanctions simply do not have the power of criminal penalties to
concentrate the corporate mind and change the corporate culture," Mr. Thompson
added.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               December 21, 1992

Factors leading up to whistle blowing;
Study says firms must keep communication lines open in order to curb employee
wrongdoing.

BYLINE: By Joanne Cummings, Senior Writer

SECTION: MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


Managers looking to cut down on fraudulent and wasteful behavior among employees
need to take a hard look at their corporate culture and open avenues for
communicating wrongdoing.

Those are some findings of a study recently conducted by John Keenan, an
associate professor of management at the University of Wisconsin here. Keenan
found that several factors, including perceived management tolerance, contribute
to whether employees will blow the whistle on coworkers' fraudulent behavior.

The most important factor determining whether employees will report wrongdoing
is individual propensity, or the degree to which a person approves of
whistle-blowing and feels personally responsible for doing so after observing
someone breaking the rules.

But the second most important factor is organizational propensity, or the degree
to which individuals feel the company encourages whistle-blowing. If this
encouragement does not occur, the study said, it may be construed as a sign that
reporting fraudulent behavior is not considered important.

"If bottom-line pressures and a 'don't rock the boat' mentality prevail,
fraudulent practices will continue," Keenan said. "This eventually can lead to a
loss of clients, customers or employees, along with the potential for costly
lawsuits and negative publicity."

Policies and standards

In addition to encouragement, organizations need to develop and communicate
clear policies and standards related to ethical issues, as well as provide
employees with adequate information on where and how to blow the whistle.

Other factors leading to whistle-blowing include having a graduate degree, lack
of fear of retaliation and having a union environment.

For more information or a copy of the study, call The Institute of Management
Sciences at (401) 274-2525.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1992 Network World, Inc.


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            April 29, 1999 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

I'm sorry, says top IOC man

BYLINE: JACQUELIN MAGNAY, OLYMPICS WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 318 words


One of the International Olympic Committee's top men, Dr Jacques Rogge,
yesterday formally apologised to the Australian public for the damage and
embarrassment the recent wrongdoings of IOC members had caused.

Dr Rogge, a member of the IOC board and charged with coordinating the Sydney
Olympics, said in Sydney that the IOC, which had sacked or successfully sought
the resignations of 10 IOC members, had a collective responsibility to respect
its own rules.

"As a member of the IOC I have to apologise for the wrongdoings of a small
minority," he said.

"We betrayed athletes, sponsors, organisers and public opinion."

But the president of the IOC, Mr Juan Antonio Samaranch, told Russian
journalists in Moscow that the IOC should accept only 50per cent of the blame
for the Salt Lake City bribes scandal.

"The scandal surrounding Salt Lake City has been artificially and incredibly
fanned up," Mr Samaranch told the Interfax newsagency. "The IOC can only be
responsible for 50 per cent of what happened, the other 50 per cent belongs to
those who headed Salt Lake City's bid ... it has been an amazing media scandal
and if you start to analyse it you can see it's a relative corruption case."

Dr Rogge, who had reassured local sponsors in meetings yesterday, said that the
public would be screaming for tickets when Sydney organisers release them on
31May and that the continuing fallout from the investigation into the IOC member
Mr Phil Coles would not affect ticket demand.

Dr Rogge said he would not meet Mr Coles during this visit and he refused to
discuss details of his case, which will be debated next week at the first
meeting of the IOC's newly formed Ethics Commission.

"People must know you need to have evidence and you cannot just lynch someone,"
he said, referring to the delay in making a finding about the allegations that
$14,000 worth of gold jewellery was given to the Australian IOC member in 1989.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Boxer Joins Bipartisan Group of Senators to Launch Whistleblower Protection
Caucus

LENGTH: 648  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara Boxer, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, a bipartisan group of Senators today launched the Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative
issues affecting the treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse
for current information on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.
It will also coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need
of assistance in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation
allegations.

U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer (D-CA) joined with Senators Chuck Grassley of Iowa
(chairman) and Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice-chairman) as one of the founding
members of the Whistleblower Protection Caucus. Other founding members include
Senators Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of
Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North Carolina, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

"As the author of the Military Whistleblower Protection Act, I am proud to join
Senators Grassley and Wyden as a founding member of the bipartisan Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. I look forward to continuing to build on past efforts to
protect whistleblowers from harassment and retaliation," Senator Boxer said.

"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation. Some of them have already been
targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the environment for
whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step forward when they
encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip our Senate
colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who play a vital
role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct," Senator Grassley said.

"Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant. That's been true for a long time and there
is no better proof than whistleblowers who shine a light where others have not.
Sadly, instead of being rewarded for speaking out, whistleblowers often face
retaliation and serious career threats for doing what's right, what's necessary
and for exposing practices that waste tax dollars and even risk public safety.
We are all better off when whistleblowers can step forward without fear. That's
what this Caucus is designed to foster and it's why I'm pleased to join Sen.
Grassley and my colleagues in this effort," Senator Wyden said.

"The size and scope of the federal government have grown far beyond the ability
of Congress to provide oversight on its own. Whistleblowers who courageously
expose waste, fraud and abuse are performing an incredibly important service to
their fellow citizens. They deserve all the protection from retaliation that
Congress can provide," Senator Johnson said.

"Too often whistleblowers who simply tell the truth end up risking their jobs,
or in terrible circumstances, even their own well-being to shine a light on
possible safety or security violations. We must do everything we can to ensure
whistleblowers are protected and are not subjected to harassment or retaliation
for serving as modern-day Paul Reveres. I thank Senators Grassley and Wyden for
their leadership convening this caucus and look forward to working with my
colleagues to support whistleblowers who come forward when issues arise,"
Senator Markey said.

"I look forward to working with my colleagues on initiatives that preserve the
liberties of individuals who bring professional and ethical misconduct to light
- moral courage that can  oftentimes come at great personal cost," Senator
Tillis said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 27, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Judge questions lack of fraud prosecutions;
Rakoff delves into charges

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy, USA TODAY,

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 550 words


Why haven't top business executives faced fraud charges for wrongdoing related
to the national fiscal crisis? A senior federal judge questions whether
weaknesses in the U.S. prosecutorial system could be to blame.

While not concluding that frauds definitely sparked the crisis, New York
District Court Judge Jed Rakoff questioned in an essay for the New York Review
of Books' Jan. 9 issue whether federal prosecutors gave other cases higher
priority because they would take less time and resources to investigate and lead
to high-profile trials or guilty pleas.

Rakoff, well-known for questioning  the Department of Justice in judicial
rulings, also called Department of Justice "too big to jail" concerns irrelevant
because the worries referred to companies, not executives. And he theorized that
prosecutors might have shied away from charging top bankers and other executives
with fraud because federal government policies before the crisis encouraged
easier mortgage lending and home buying.

While not suggesting that government officials knowingly encouraged or
participated in mortgage-related wrongdoing, Rakoff suggested "the government
was deeply involved, from beginning to end, in helping create the conditions
that could lead to such fraud."

"This would give a prudent prosecutor pause in deciding whether to indict a CEO
who might, with some justice, claim that he was only doing what he fairly
believed the government wanted him to do," wrote the judge.

Rakoff also questioned what he described as a decades-long trend toward
prosecutions of business firms and other institutions rather than the executives
who run them. The shift has been "rationalized as part of an attempt to
transform 'corporate cultures,'" and often takes the form of deferred
prosecution agreements, the judge wrote.

But in many cases, attorneys for a targeted firm assure prosecutors the company
wants to cooperate and has launched an internal investigation. Prosecutors in
some instances agree to delay seeking charges based on the company's guarantee
to share all results from its inquiry.

The typical end result is a deferred prosecution agreement that includes
monetary fines against the firm and plans for stronger internal corporate
oversight. Such an outcome pleases resources-strapped prosecutors and the
company, wrote Rakoff.

"Perhaps the happiest of all are the executives, or former executives, who
actually committed the underlying misconduct, for they are left untouched," he
wrote.

"I suggest that this is not the best way to proceed," added Rakoff, who argued
that successfully prosecuting individuals is a stronger deterrence to future
crimes.

The former federal prosecutor and private defense attorney told CNBC on Tuesday
that he had offered his view as a citizen, not a judge.

He joined the federal bench in 1996 after being nominated by President  Clinton.

One of the most cited cases in which Rakoff, 70, challenged the government was
his 2011 rejection of the Securities and Exchange Commission's proposed
settlement of mortgage-related charges against Citigroup. The deal would have
allowed the bank to settle "without either admitting or denying the
allegations."

A federal appeals court is weighing the ruling, in which Rakoff concluded "there
is an overriding public interest in knowing the truth."

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Yana Paskova for The Washington Post via Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          December 30, 2009 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: 0


Outback Steakhouse settles sex discrimination suit

Outback Steakhouse has agreed to pay $19 million to female workers and take
other steps, including hiring a new human resources executive, to settle a sex
discrimination lawsuit.

The EEOC filed a lawsuit against Outback in 2006, claiming female workers were
denied favorable jobs, which prevented them from advancing to profit-sharing
management positions. Outback has also agreed to institute an online application
system for managerial positions and hire an HR executive for a new position
called vice president of people. It also agreed to hire a consultant to monitor
its compliance with the settlement and to report back to the EEOC every six
months.

Outback didn't acknowledge any wrongdoing, and parent company OSI Restaurant
Partners said settling the suit was better than spending time and money on
litigation.

Broadcom settles suit - Broadcom Corp. has settled a class-action securities
lawsuit for more than $160 million without admitting wrongdoing. The lawsuit was
filed by investors who bought or acquired Broadcom shares from July 2005 to July
2006. The Irvine, Calif.-based chipmaker said it would take the settlement as a
one-time charge in the fourth quarter.

MEMC gets new credit line - MEMC Electronic Materials Inc., the O'Fallon,
Mo.-based maker of silicon wafers for solar modules and semiconductors, got a
new $250 million three-year revolving-credit line that replaces a $200 million
agreement scheduled to expire in June 2010. The new facility has an accordion
feature that allows the company to increase the size of the credit line to $400
million under certain conditions, MEMC said.

Mercedes pays fine - The government says Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. has
paid a $6.8 million fine for failing to comply with federal fuel-efficiency
requirements. Mercedes, a division of Daimler AG, paid the fines for violations
dealing with imported passenger cars for the 2008 model year. The National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration collected fines from six automakers in
2009 totaling more than $13 million.

Paintball factory closing - A Missouri factory that makes paintballs will shut
down in February, putting 60 people out of work. The Brass Eagle plant in Neosho
will close, although a paintball distribution operation will remain in business.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday

BRUNO IS CLEARED IN FLIGHT FLAP

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 212 words


ALBANY - Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno yesterday was cleared of any
wrongdoing in his use of the state air fleet.

At the urging of the Spitzer administration, the offices of state attorney
general and Albany County district attorney both investigated whether Bruno used
the planes unlawfully for political purposes.

Both offices reported yesterday that all 10 trips taken by Bruno this year were
appropriate and met requirements that at least a portion of the travel be for
state business.

The report by Attorney General Andrew Cuomo's office found that Spitzer's aides
spoon-fed the Albany Times Union a story in which they said records showed that
on three occasions Bruno used the state helicopters to travel to New York City
for GOP fund-raisers.

But the twin investigations found that Bruno on each occasion also had meetings
on legislative business.

While clearing Bruno of any wrongdoing, Cuomo called the current state aircraft
policy "overly permissive and porous" and called for changes to provide clearer
guidelines for when state aircraft can be used in combination with political or
personal business.

"The Attorney General's report confirmed what I have said all along, that my use
of the state helicopter was completely appropriate," Bruno said.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

TAMPA'S POLICE STATS TO BE AUDITED

BYLINE: MICHAEL A. MOHAMMED, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 201 words



HIGHLIGHT: Officials say that's fine, but don't know what it's all about.


An oversight unit of the state Legislature will audit the Tampa Police
Department's crime statistics, at the request of Brandon Republican state Sen.
Ronda Storms.

Laura McElroy, a spokeswoman for the department, said she didn't know what
prompted the audit request.

"It's unusual to have an audit without any evidence of wrongdoing," she said,
but "if the state wants to come down and take a look, we'll gladly open our
doors for them."

Still, McElroy said, the auditors might find a few mistakes sprinkled among the
22,000 criminal reports the department generated last year.

"We expect a small margin of error, but we believe it won't be enough to affect
our crime rate, she said."

The Florida Office of Program Policy Analysis and Government Accountability, a
Tallahassee state unit, will work with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement
to audit the department.

Marti Harkness, the accountability office's staff director for criminal justice,
said Storms called for the audit. She could not be reached for comment.

Harkness said he has not heard evidence of police wrongdoing.

"They direct us to do the audit, and we do it," he said.

Michael A. Mohammed can be reached at mmohammed@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3404.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

Charities Urged to Do More to Protect Their Own Whistle-Blowers

BYLINE: Michael Anft

SECTION: MANAGING; Pg. 36 Vol. 20 No. 23

LENGTH: 953 words


When it comes to protecting their employees who speak out against illegal or
unethical behavior, many grant makers and other nonprofit organizations have
voluntarily adopted whistle-blower policies in the wake of a 2002 law designed
to cut down on corporate malfeasance.

The 2002 law, known as Sarbanes-Oxley, was passed after the scandals surrounding
Enron, MCI, and other big companies, but many good-governance experts say
charities should follow them too.

Most notably, the Panel on the Nonprofit Sector -- a group of nonprofit leaders
brought together to discuss the issue by Sen. Charles Grassley, Republican of
Iowa, and other politicians -- in 2005 issued a report encouraging charities and
foundations to adopt and publicize their own policies on whistle-blowers based
on the provisions in the Sarbanes-Oxley law.

The law makes it a criminal offense to knowingly retaliate against
whistle-blowers who have reported accurate information about institutional
wrongdoing to officers of the law.

The panel also urged the nonprofit world to begin "a vigorous sector-wide effort
to educate and encourage all charitable organizations to adopt and enforce
policies and procedures to address possible conflicts of interest and to
facilitate reporting of suspected malfeasance and misconduct by organization
managers."

Groups such as the National Council of Nonprofit Associations, in Washington, a
coalition of state nonprofit associations, have encouraged charitable
organizations nationwide to develop practices similar to those found in
Sarbanes-Oxley.

The Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability in Winchester, Va., an
organization that represents many religious charities, has also created
guidelines for its members.

State Rules

Other statutes, including a handful at the state level, require organizations to
protect employees who speak out; they include laws against discrimination.
Nonprofit health-care organizations and hospitals that receive subsidies through
federal programs such as Medicare and Medicaid must also comply with the federal
False Claims Act, which protects whistle-blowers who report instances of fraud
against retaliation.

Still, some observers question whether Sarbanes-Oxley and similar laws are
strong enough to protect those who speak up about wrongdoing in the corporate
world, much less at nonprofit organizations.

Whether the full force of Sarbanes-Oxley can be applied to the governance of
nonprofit groups has not yet been fully tested in court.

Because of that, a comprehensive and clear policy on whistle-blowers should be
put in place by each organization and enforced by boards of directors, says
Scott Harshbarger, former president of Common Cause, in Washington, and now the
vice chair of the Ethics Resource Center, a group in Washington that conducts
research and promotes ethical behavior at organizations.

"It's crucial that, as a sector, we come up with some best practices on this
because laws right now just aren't strong enough to guarantee protection to
whistleblowers," says Mr. Harshbarger, now a lawyer in Boston who has many
nonprofit groups as clients.

"Even though there are laws, there are wide gaps in them," he says. "We've said
in the past that we in the nonprofit sector can regulate ourselves on this, but
we've demonstrated at times that we can't."

Adding Protections

Some grant makers and nonprofit organizations have worked to fill those gaps.

The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, in Chicago, has incorporated
within its bylaws a section on reporting illegal or unethical conduct that
advises staff members to report their complaints to the grant maker's general
counsel or vice president of human resources.

If those individuals are not responsive, whistle-blowers can relay their
concerns to the chair of the foundation's audit committee. Although the
foundation can't promise complete confidentiality as it investigates employees'
claims, its policy guarantees against discrimination, firing, or threats.

At the American Heart Association, in Dallas, an ethics hotline is managed by a
third party, and is available to employees or others who want to report
misconduct. Developed as part of an ethics policy the organization wrote in
2003, the hotline handles anonymous complaints and writes down information,
which is then reviewed by the organization's chief legal counsel, an ethics
administrator, and an internal audit director.

"We thought it was important to put checks and balances in the system, just in
case one of the complaints was about one of those individuals," says Bill
Achenbach, executive vice president for human resources at the organization,
which receives two to three complaints each month via the hotline. It then
investigates them until they are resolved.

While he applauds the fact that several organizations have drawn up and
published stronger policies, Mr. Harshbarger says not enough groups have done
so. What's more, he'd like to see the nonprofit world institute some kind of
system on its own that would uphold high standards for whistle-blower
protection."What gets me is that we resist policing ourselves. I realize there's
no one-size-fits-all solution here, which is why you don't want a Sarbanes-Oxley
for all nonprofits, but we even resist looking out for each other on this," he
says.

The stakes are too high for groups, which often suffer collectively when ethics
problems strike even one high-profile organization, Mr. Harshbarger adds.

"Enron had a mechanism too," he says. "But if you just have people mouthing the
words and not embracing the spirit of it, it doesn't mean anything. The public
is willing to give us the benefit of the doubt on this. I wonder how long we'll
be able to rest on those laurels."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 7, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Accounting firms would rather settle than reform

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 673 words

Today's debate: Accounting industry

Our view: Andersen's payout offer to Enron fits pattern of masking problems.

At first blush, Arthur Andersen's proposal for settling all Enron-related claims
against it looks like a winner. Under the deal offered by the accounting firm,
shareholders, workers and creditors would get $ 750 million. Of that, Andersen
would cough up $ 100 million a year for five years, after insurance picks up the
initial $ 250-million chunk.


But on closer inspection, the deal looks more like the type of a quick-and-dirty
solution for which the accounting industry is notorious. Over the years, big
accounting firms have frequently settled claims without admitting wrongdoing. At
the same time, the industry has fought attempts to improve corporate audits.

As Enron showed, this pattern cannot continue. Andersen was supposed to be the
cop on the beat, making sure Enron wasn't cooking the books. Instead, it took
fat Enron consulting contracts, let its workers be hired away by the energy
company and then blessed fraudulent accounting.

Even at $ 100 million a year, Andersen's proposed penalty amounts to just over
1% of its total in annual revenues. And that money would also help Andersen
solve its image problems. Plus it would settle claims of wrongdoing by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. But the settlement would provide no
assurances than Andersen had mended its ways. In fact, Andersen has made a habit
of settling claims:

 * In 1998, it paid $ 95 million to settle allegations that it helped Waste
Management mislead investors.

 * In 1999, it paid $ 90 million to settle charges that it signed off on overly
optimistic forecasts for Colonial Realty, a Connecticut commercial real estate
company that collapsed, costing investors $ 300 million.

 * Last year, Andersen paid $ 110 million to settle cases charging that it
helped Sunbeam mislead investors.

 * Last month, it agreed to pay $ 217 million for its work with the Baptist
Foundation of Arizona, which allegedly duped investors out of about $ 570
million in a Ponzi scheme.

Yet, none of those payouts forced the company to review its practices in any
fundamental way. To the contrary. While Andersen was paying the big penalties,
its business was booming, with revenues climbing 50% between 1998 and 2001.

The rest of the industry, too, is well schooled in the settle-and-move-on
technique. Ernst & Young, Pricewaterhouse Coopers, and KPMG each paid millions
in the past to settle private lawsuits or government charges of wrongdoing.
Pricewaterhouse Coopers, for instance, paid $ 55 million to settle claims that
it helped MicroStrategy mislead investors.

Yet, while these firms were paying to make trouble go away, they also were
aggressively, and successfully, fighting any regulatory reforms in Washington.

This time the intense publicity Enron generated has forced Andersen to alter its
practices. But the rest of the industry is putting distance between itself and
Andersen, hoping to use its financial muscle in Washington to once again neuter
any regulatory changes. Among those needed: strict conflict-of-interest rules,
tougher accounting standards and meaningful independent enforcement.

A big fat settlement check and some internal reforms at Andersen don't look like
much of a settlement if they're all that come of the Enron debacle.

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Big bucks go to settlements

During the past several year, accounting firms have paid substantial amounts to
settle lawsuits against them:

(in millions)

Andersen (Enron) 2002: $ 750 (1)

Ernst & Young (Cendant) 1999: $ 335

Andersen (Baptist Foundation of Arizona) 2002: $ 217

Andersen (Sunbeam) 2001: $ 110

Andersen (Waste Management) 1998: $ 95

Andersen (Colonial Realty) 1999: $ 90

Pricewaterhouse Coopers (Microstrategy) 2001: $ 55

Ernst & Young (Informix) 1999: $ 34

1 - Settlement currently being considered.

LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY, Source: Public Accounting
Report (BAR GRAPH)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 11, 2005 Tuesday

Livent CFO expected to testify;
Messina seen as key Crown witness in preliminary hearing on fraud charges

BYLINE: PAUL WALDIE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; LITIGATION; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 638 words


The former chief financial officer of Livent Inc. is expected to be a key Crown
witness in the criminal case involving company co-founders Garth Drabinsky and
Mryon Gottlieb, another co-accused said yesterday.

Robert Topol, Livent's former chief operating officer, said Maria Messina,
Livent's former CFO, is on a list of 14 witnesses the Crown expects to call.

Mr. Drabinsky, Mr. Gottlieb, Mr. Topol and Gordon Eckstein, Livent's former
senior vice-president of finance, face several counts of fraud over the collapse
of Toronto-based Livent. The theatre company filed for bankruptcy protection in
1998 amid allegations of a $97-million (U.S.) fraud.

Police allege the four men defrauded investors out of $500-million (Canadian)
between 1989 and 1998. The four have all denied any wrongdoing, and none of the
allegations has been proven in court.

The criminal charges were filed in 2002, and a preliminary hearing began
yesterday in a Toronto court. The hearing is expected to take three months,
after which a judge will decide if the case should go to trial. The hearing is
subject to a publication ban.

Mr. Drabinsky and Mr. Gottlieb declined comment yesterday. They are being
represented in court by brothers Edward and Brian Greenspan, respectively. "Our
position is that they will never prove it, that our clients do not accept
anything that's been said, that no criminality occurred at Livent . . . that
they would be vindicated should there ever be a trial some day," Edward
Greenspan told Reuters News Agency.

Outside the court, Mr. Topol, 49, said the Crown's list of witnesses includes
several former company officials, but Ms. Messina is the most senior. He
declined to name the others.

Ms. Messina joined Livent in 1996 from Deloitte & Touche accounting firm, where
she was a partner in charge of the Livent audit. At the time she joined Livent,
it had become one of the largest live theatre companies in North America, with
more than $330-million in annual revenue from theatres in Toronto, Vancouver,
Chicago and New York.

In the summer of 1998, just after Hollywood super agent Michael Ovitz took
control of Livent, Ms. Messina was among a small group of insiders who raised
questions about the company's finances. The group brought its concerns to the
attention of the new owners, who removed and sued Mr. Drabinsky and Mr.
Gottlieb. The two men denied any wrongdoing and countersued, alleging that if
there were any improprieties they were committed by Ms. Messina and the others.

The company's bankruptcy filing in November, 1998, prompted a flurry of
investigations and lawsuits. Meanwhile, most of Livent's assets were sold to SFX
Entertainment Inc. of New York.

In 1999, Ms. Messina and Mr. Eckstein were among a group of former executives,
including Mr. Drabinsky and Mr. Gottlieb, charged with fraud in the United
States. Ms. Messina and Mr. Eckstein have since pleaded guilty to one count. Mr.
Drabinsky and Mr. Gottlieb have denied any wrongdoing. The U.S. charges against
them are believed to be on hold until there is an outcome in the Canadian
criminal case.

The co-founders, along with several other former Livent officials, also face
allegations brought by securities regulators in the United States and Canada.

Yesterday, Mr. Topol said he is eager to get to trial. "I've been saying for
years, 'I want to go to trial. I want to go to trial'," he said during a break
in the proceedings. "There is a cloud hanging over my head. It's been hanging
over my head for a number of years."

Mr. Topol, who is still involved in the entertainment business, said he is
representing himself at the hearing because he can't afford a lawyer. He also
said he turned down an offer by the Crown to plead guilty in return for
testifying against the others. "Hell would freeze over before I would ever
agree."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

From insult to compliment

BYLINE: MARK ABLEY, Freelance

SECTION: WEEKEND: BOOKS; Watchwords; Pg. J8

LENGTH: 786  words


"You're wicked!"

Through most of the long history of the English language, that was a fierce
accusation. The meanings that the Oxford English Dictionary gives for "wicked"
include: "addicted to wilful wrongdoing," "disposed to practise evil" and
"morally depraved." The word shares a distant origin with "wretch."

But whereas wretch has remained a, well, wretched term, "wicked" has moved up in
the world. It's now less likely to serve as an insult than as a compliment. When
Ron Weasley tells his best friend, "That was wicked!" Harry Potter accepts the
remark as high praise.

A different meaning that might have begun life in Boston has now spread across
the continent: wicked as a synonym for "very" or "really." "It's wicked hot
today" is a simple description of temperature. Evil, wrongdoing and moral
depravity don't enter into it.

I mention all this so as to provide a little background for the ongoing
adventures of a much more controversial word. Among young people, "You're pimp!"
is now widely understood as a synonym for "You're cool" or "You're successful
with the opposite sex!" Like dozens of other slang expressions, this usage has
its origins in the hip-hop culture of inner-city America.

Yet to many people, "pimp" still retains a full range of negative associations.
Unlike "wicked," the word is highly charged - a verbal battleground, if you
like.

Skirmishes were fought over it last month in a west-end neighbourhood of Ottawa.
Linda Hoad, president of the Hintonburg Community Association, protested against
a billboard for Bud Light that featured the slogan "We're talking 1970s pimp
smooth."

"It's tasteless," Hoad said. "It's not appropriate to use in an advertising
campaign. They might think it's cute and hip and urban, but it's tasteless, and
it will offend more people than it will attract. We don't want it in our
community."

Street-level prostitution used to be common in Hintonburg, and many residents
don't want to be reminded of the past. But Neil Sweeney, a vice-president of
Labatt Breweries (the makers of Bud Light in Canada), explained the ad by
saying, "It's a tongue-in-cheek reference to the 1970s Starsky-&-Hutch type of
cool."

Hmm. By alluding to an old TV show in which two white cops relied on a black
pimp for their knowledge of the underworld, was Sweeney trying to validate a
very different usage of "pimp" in the 21st century?

The ad campaign may be over now, but the anger remains. A couple of weeks ago,
the Toronto Globe and Mail ran a personal essay by a furious mother who had
passed a billboard showing the same ad while she and her 10-year-old daughter
were walking home from school.

"I could see she was troubling over the p-word," wrote Deborah Maes, "and
awaited with trepidation her question: 'Mom, what's a pimp?' "

Except, on the evidence of the essay, that question never came. I sympathize
with the mother's distress - a pimp, she observed, "is brutal, heartless and
criminal" - but I can't help wondering whether the girl understood the ad better
than her mother did. Like it or not, the word has changed its meaning, and the
outraged mother didn't seem to know it.

The essay provoked four letters that appeared the following day. Three of the
writers agreed with Maes. But one of them, Valerie Smith, also took the Globe
and Mail to task.

"Sanitizing and normalizing the word 'pimp' is an inexcusable attack on women,"
she wrote. "Sad to say, the Globe seems to have no problem with 'pimp'
headlines." She mentioned "Pimp Your Garage" and "Pimping Your Pour," both of
which had appeared within the previous month.

"Pimp" started out as a noun, but in those headlines it functioned as a verb
(meaning, roughly, to make something stylish) and the Bud Light campaign used it
as an adjective. The word is versatile as well as volatile.

When I checked my copy of UCLA Slang 5 - a collection of campus slang published
in Los Angeles in 2005 - I found it has now become a key part of certain
phrases. "Pimp out" means to accessorize or modify. "Parking lot pimp" is said
to be a verb meaning "to pick someone up outside" ("Let's go parking lot pimp
those girls"). Most radical, perhaps, a girl who attracts keen interest from
boys is either a "pimpette" or a "pimptress."

I'm not saying I approve of all this. It's significant that "ho" - the
inner-city shorthand for "whore" - still carries a negative charge. The
difference, I suspect, is that hos are at the mercy of pimps. Pimps have power.
Power is desirable.

Will "pimp," like "wicked" before it, turn into an inoffensive term of praise?
That might depend on how strong the protests are against its use. If you hate
the idea of "pimp" as a positive expression, maybe you should boycott Bud Light.

markabley@sympatico.ca

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

FBI clears Bucks police in Tasering of teen

BYLINE: By Chris Palmer; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 309 words


TULLYTOWN The FBI has cleared Tullytown police of any wrongdoing for using a
Taser on a handcuffed teenager who tried to run away after being arrested on
shoplifting charges last year, the Police Department said this week.

The incident, which occurred in November at a Walmart store, received widespread
attention after an image of the 14-year-old boy's facial injuries was widely
circulated on the Internet.

The Bucks County District Attorney's Office and the FBI investigated the
incident to review the department's use of force.

In December, the District Attorney's Office cleared police of any wrongdoing,
with District Attorney David Heckler saying that the Taser was used to prevent
Joey Williams from running onto nearby Route 13. The injuries likely occurred
when Williams fell onto his face during the incident, Heckler added.

The FBI does not comment on the status of investigations, spokeswoman Carrie
Adamowski said Friday. But a statement on the Tullytown Police Department's
Facebook page, signed by Chief Daniel Doyle and posted Thursday, said the agency
had closed its review and cleared the department.

A message left for Williams' Center City attorney was not immediately returned.
The family had previously said it was considering a civil suit against the
police.

Williams agreed with authorities to enter a diversion program that will wipe the
shoplifting charges from his record if he stays out of trouble.

Williams' mother, Marissa Sargeant, was arrested last month for shoplifting at
the same Walmart where her son was subjected to the Taser. Court records say she
is still in Bucks County Prison, with a formal arraignment scheduled for later
this month.

cpalmer@phillynews.com

609-217-8305

@cs_palmer

Teen arrested in shooting of boy, 11

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/breaking/20140412_Teen_arrested_in_shooting_of
_boy__11.html

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

FBI clears Bucks police in Tasering of teen

BYLINE: By Chris Palmer; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 309 words


TULLYTOWN The FBI has cleared Tullytown police of any wrongdoing for using a
Taser on a handcuffed teenager who tried to run away after being arrested on
shoplifting charges last year, the Police Department said this week.

The incident, which occurred in November at a Walmart store, received widespread
attention after an image of the 14-year-old boy's facial injuries was widely
circulated on the Internet.

The Bucks County District Attorney's Office and the FBI investigated the
incident to review the department's use of force.

In December, the District Attorney's Office cleared police of any wrongdoing,
with District Attorney David Heckler saying that the Taser was used to prevent
Joey Williams from running onto nearby Route 13. The injuries likely occurred
when Williams fell onto his face during the incident, Heckler added.

The FBI does not comment on the status of investigations, spokeswoman Carrie
Adamowski said Friday. But a statement on the Tullytown Police Department's
Facebook page, signed by Chief Daniel Doyle and posted Thursday, said the agency
had closed its review and cleared the department.

A message left for Williams' Center City attorney was not immediately returned.
The family had previously said it was considering a civil suit against the
police.

Williams agreed with authorities to enter a diversion program that will wipe the
shoplifting charges from his record if he stays out of trouble.

Williams' mother, Marissa Sargeant, was arrested last month for shoplifting at
the same Walmart where her son was subjected to the Taser. Court records say she
is still in Bucks County Prison, with a formal arraignment scheduled for later
this month.

cpalmer@phillynews.com

609-217-8305

@cs_palmer

Teen arrested in shooting of boy, 11

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/breaking/20140412_Teen_arrested_in_shooting_of
_boy__11.html

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      April 8, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

STATE INVESTIGATION ABSOLVES UILKEMA;
ATTORNEY GENERAL FINDS NO EVIDENCE TO BACK AN OPPONENT'S CLAIM OF IMPROPRIETIES
IN HER CAMPAIGN FOR RE-ELECTION

BYLINE: Andy Jokelson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: MARTINEZ


A state agency has rejected a Contra Costa supervisorial candidate's charges
that Gayle Uilkema illegally used her county office, staff and phones for her
re-election campaign.

"We conclude that the allegations of wrongdoing are not supported. We therefore
contemplate no further action," said Gregg Lowder, a deputy attorney general, in
a letter to the county District Attorney's Office.

His letter did not cite reasons for the finding. It said the Attorney General's
Office interviewed former candidate Ronald Carpenter, who filed the complaint,
Uilkema and some members of her staff.

"We found no evidence to support the allegations of wrongdoing," Lowder told the
Times.

Uilkema's staff "explained the circumstances; they denied any wrongdoing," he
said. He declined to elaborate.

"It's an affirmation of my integrity, my office staff's integrity and the
integrity of my office operations," said Uilkema, who vociferously denied the
allegations from the outset.

"I thought the charges were ridiculous, and I'm glad the attorney general has
confirmed that and I'm also glad that the voters didn't buy into this," she
said.

Carpenter, a contractor from Rodeo, could not be reached for comment.

His charges came in February during his campaign to unseat Uilkema, who
overwhelmingly defeated him and a third candidate, Sean White, in the March 7
District 2 supervisorial election. The district includes Lafayette, Orinda,
Moraga, Pinole, Hercules, Rodeo, Martinez, Port Costa and Canyon.

Carpenter had filed his complaint with the District Attorney's Office, which
turned it over to the attorney general to avoid a perception of bias since
Uilkema's daughter, Lynn, is a deputy district attorney.

Mike Eisenberg, Uilkema's chief of staff, said he told state representatives
that "we don't conduct the re-election campaign from the office If a staff
member wants to get involved in any kind of political campaigns, whether it be
Gayle's or anybody else's, they have to do it on their own time."

Carpenter's complaint alleged that Uilkema had "heavily used" county phone lines
to "conduct business for running" for office. It also said, among other things,
that she "heavily used" county personnel to take calls and therefore "they have
conducted business for her re-election."

Eisenberg said Uilkema's staff did not carry out campaign activities from her
office.

"We don't do those sort of things. That's something that Gayle has been
preaching since she's been in office," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Mike Lynch, Founder of Autonomy, Sues Hewlett-Packard for $150 Million

BYLINE: MARK SCOTT

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Lynch is asking for $150 million in damages in British courts
after accusing the American tech company of making false and negligent
statements about him and other former Autonomy executives.


The legal wrangling surrounding Hewlett-Packard's much-maligned takeover of
Autonomy, a British data intelligence company, shows no signs of ending.

On Thursday, Mike Lynch, the founder of Autonomy, sued HP in British court for
$150 million, accusing the American tech company of making false and negligent
statements about him and other former Autonomy executives.

The announcement, which will lead to a civil case in British courts early in
2016, follows a decision by HP  this year to seek approximately $5.1 billion in
damages from Mr. Lynch and Sushovan Hussain, who was the chief financial officer
of Autonomy, in British courts. The figure represents one of the largest-ever
civil lawsuits brought against individuals in Britain.

The Palo Alto, Calif.-based company, which purchased Autonomy for about $11
billion in 2011 and took an $8.8 billion accounting charge related to the
acquisition a year later, has accused the two former executives of engaging in
fraudulent activities that overvalued the British technology company.

Mr. Lynch, who has been a vocal critic of Meg Whitman, HP's current chief
executive, has denied the claims of wrongdoing, and said that he looked forward
to showing his actions had not undermined the multi-billion dollar acquisition.

"By taking these steps, we can take control of the process," Mr. Lynch said in
an interview on Thursday. "We want to get Meg Whitman in court."

A spokesperson for HP was not immediately available for comment.

Both sides have accused each other of wrongdoing, though British authorities
closed their investigation into potential fraudulent activity by Autonomy
officials in January, citing "insufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of
conviction." The United States investigation is continuing.

Mr. Lynch has repeatedly asserted that Autonomy's accounting practices had been
fully approved by the company's external auditors and that HP's accusations of
wrongdoing are without merit.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

WELLCARE TAKES ON FORMER EXECS

BYLINE: KRIS HUNDLEY, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 752 words



HIGHLIGHT: Out millions, the Tampa health firm alleges misconduct from its
one-time leaders.


Nearly two years after being forced out following an FBI raid, the former top
executives of Tampa's WellCare Health Plans Inc. can expect to be charged with
misconduct by the company they once led.

In a federal court filing, WellCare said it will pursue claims against former
president and chief executive Todd Farha, chief financial officer Paul Behrens
and general counsel Thaddeus Bereday "for breaches of their contractual and
fiduciary duties."

The corporate decision to hold its ousted officials responsible for WellCare's
downfall comes as the managed care company tries to recover from ongoing state
and federal investigations. The company paid $80 million in May to settle
charges that it had cheated Florida's Medicaid program.

Now, according to a filing in late November in a shareholder lawsuit, WellCare
said it intends to go after Farha, Behrens and Bereday based on findings of an
internal investigation.

After interviewing 31 people and reviewing more than 600,000 documents, the
investigator concluded that WellCare's seven non-employee directors had no
knowledge of any wrongdoing. Those directors include former U.S. Sen. Bob Graham
and Ruben King-Shaw, once head of Florida's Medicaid agency.

But the investigation came to a different decision regarding Farha, Bereday and
Behrens, who declined to be interviewed by the company. The report did not
specify the timing or details of the allegations. A spokeswoman for WellCare
said, "It is not appropriate for us to comment further on matters currently
under review or pending litigation."

In responses to other lawsuits claiming the men had a role in WellCare's
accounting scandal, Farha, Bereday and Behrens have denied wrongdoing.

WellCare, which runs private Medicare and Medicaid plans, skyrocketed to $4
billion in sales in 2006 under Farha's leadership. But after federal officials
converged on its Tampa headquarters in October 2007, the company's stock
plummeted from $122 to $42 a share.

In January 2008, Farha, Behrens and Bereday were forced to resign. Under terms
of their departures, Farha was divested of more than $10 million in stock
awards. Behrens and Bereday also forfeited hundreds of thousands of dollars in
salary they would have been paid under other circumstances.

The government's investigation focused on WellCare's fraudulent accounting
practices, which allowed it to retain excess payments it received from Florida's
Medicaid and Healthy Kids programs. Both plans require insurers to spend at
least 80 percent of the money they receive from the state on mental health
services or refund the difference. In the settlement last May, WellCare
acknowledged it had kept about $40 million to which it was not entitled.

"WellCare, acting through its former officers and employees, would and did
falsely and fraudulently inflate medical expenditure information," the
settlement said.

In May, WellCare also paid $10 million to settle a lawsuit from the Securities
and Exchange Commission. WellCare had to restate several years of income
downward as a result of the fraud. In the restatement, the company said, "Former
senior management set an inappropriate tone in connection with efforts to comply
with the regulatory requirements."

While WellCare did not disclose its allegations against Farha, Behrens and
Bereday, a complaint in another shareholder lawsuit claims that two former
employees say orders to cheat came from the top. In the case of Eastwood
Enterprises against WellCare and its former executives, the plaintiffs allege
the director of strategic planning said Farha directed him to "push funds
offshore." The former vice president of actuarial services said he resigned
rather than follow Behrens' orders to falsify expense records. Both men denied
the allegations.

In the past few years there have been a few high-profile cases of troubled
companies going after former executives. In June, a judge in Alabama ordered
former HealthSouth chief executive Richard Scrushy to pay nearly $2.9 billion
for a massive accounting fraud.

Charles Elson, an expert on corporate governance who is a member of
HealthSouth's board, declined to comment on Scrushy's case but said similar
cases are usually settled out of court.

"Companies will sue because there may be money to recover or a point to be
made," said Elson, a professor at the University of Delaware. "Whether or not
they're successful, it sends a message that the board takes these kinds of
actions seriously."

Kris Hundley can be reachedat khundley@sptimes.com or (727)892-2996.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            September 5, 2014 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FSU INVESTIGATING QB WINSTON AGAIN

BYLINE: MATT BAKER, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 628 words


Florida State is taking a closer look into months-old sexual-assault allegations
against Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston.

Last month, the school interviewed a former FSU student from Pasco County who
accused Winston of sexual assault in December 2012, one of the woman's
attorneys, John Clune, said Thursday. Although she has spoken with school
officials on different occasions - including at a disciplinary hearing involving
two of Winston's teammates - Clune said this is the first time the school
received a detailed account of the accusations by the then-19-year-old woman.

"I don't know if I'd call it opening or reopening," said Clune, a Colorado-based
Title IX attorney. "They told us that they were moving forward with the code of
conduct process."

The accusations first became public in November, prompting an investigation by
the State Attorney's Office. No charges were filed, and Winston, then 19, was
never arrested. The redshirt sophomore quarterback has denied any criminal
wrongdoing.

But the standard for criminal charges differs from the university's
responsibilities. Instead of proving a crime "beyond a reasonable doubt,"
schools must only rule that it's more likely than not that an assault took
place, according to Title IX, the federal gender-equity law. Violations of FSU's
code of conduct policy can result in punishments ranging from a reprimand to
expulsion.

"There is clearly a Title IX investigation commenced. There's no question, but
it's not because the university did something wrong," attorney David Cornwell,
who serves as an adviser to Winston, told USA Today. "It's not because these
Colorado lawyers forced them to do something. It is because (the accuser)
refused to be interviewed previously and now she's willing to be. That's the
only reason.

"Secondly, there's a Title IX process going on. It doesn't matter because we
expect this process to have the same results as the prior ones did, which is no
wrongdoing."

FSU has already heard parts of the case. The school held a disciplinary hearing
in May for Ronald Darby and Chris Casher - two FSU football players who were
accused of violating privacy by witnessing the incident. Casher was put on
probation by the school.

It's unclear why the more detailed interview didn't take place until last month.
The Tallahassee Police Department said the criminal case stalled a year and a
half ago because the accuser stopped cooperating - a claim her attorneys have
denied.

Clune said he and his colleagues have been in regular contact with FSU since the
spring. FSU's representatives said they never received a formal complaint about
the case, but the woman's team responded by saying she was willing to talk about
the case, even though she never filed an official accusation.

FSU's policy is for victims to control the investigative process.

Thursday's news comes a day after FSU announced changes to how it handles
sexual-assault allegations. The school is reviewing its policies and is looking
to hire a full-time Title IX program director.

On Wednesday, FSU launched a kNOw More awareness campaign. Initiatives included
more student engagement to raise awareness of sexual misconduct, a new website -
knowmore.fsu.edu - and training for all new students about sexual-violence
prevention.

FSU is one of 76 schools being investigated for possible Title IX violations by
the Office for Civil Rights. Under Title IX, universities are expected to handle
most sexual-assault cases in about 60 days.

Winston led FSU to an undefeated season and the program's third national
championship last fall and won the Heisman Trophy. The No. 1-ranked Seminoles
beat Oklahoma State in their 2014 season opener and host the Citadel on
Saturday.

Contact Matt Baker at mbaker@tampabay.com Follow @MBakerTBTimes.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - MCT: Did Seminoles QB Jameis Winston violate the student code
of conduct policy?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 11, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Says He'll Consider Inquiry Into Bank Case Involving Iraq

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 32; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 936 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 10


President-elect Bill Clinton said today that despite a Bush Administration
investigation that found no criminal wrongdoing in a bank fraud case involving
loans to Iraq he still believed that there was more to be discovered about what
happened.

Mr. Clinton said that after he took office he would consult with his attorney
general to decide whether to ask the courts to name an independent prosecutor to
examine allegations that Bush Administration officials covered up efforts to
help Iraq build up its military in the years before the invasion of Kuwait. The
law that provides for the appointment of such special prosecutors expires next
week, and Mr. Clinton said today he would support its early re-enactment, making
it a virtual certainty.

Asked at a news conference in Little Rock, Ark., about the Bush Administration's
decision not to seek an independent prosecutor in the case, Mr. Clinton replied:
"I certainly think we need to know more about it than we now know. What I intend
to do is to appoint an attorney general and get a recommendation on it."

Of the special prosecutor law, he said: "I think it should be re-enacted and I
will support that."

Mr. Clinton's comments come one day after a special counsel appointed by the
Justice Department concluded there was no criminal wrongdoing. The special
counsel, Frederick B. Lacey, a retired Federal judge, scornfully dismissed
accusations by critics in Congress and elsewhere that officials may have stifled
criminal investigations of loans made to Iraq by the Atlanta branch of an
Italian bank, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro.

But rather than lay to rest the issue of whether Bush Administration officials
engaged in wrongdoing in the case, Mr. Lacey's report appears to have only
spurred fresh suspicions.

Judge Lacey sought by both his conclusions and the brusque air of certitude with
which he delivered them to put an end to Congressional demands for a judicially
appointed independent prosecutor to investigate the Government's behavior.

But a variety of people, including Marvin H. Shoob, the Federal judge who began
hearing a criminal case involving the bank, and several members of Congress
today sharply criticized the Lacey report, which was used by Attorney General
William P. Barr as the basis for rejecting an independent prosecution.

Mr. Barr, who is opposed to the independent counsel system, demonstrated
consistency on the issue today, rejecting another call for an outside inquiry,
this one sought by Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee who wanted a
court-appointed prosecutor to investigate Lawrence E. Walsh, the Iran contra
independent counsel.

Judge Is Disappointed

Judge Shoob said in an interview that he was disappointed in the recommendations
of the Lacey report. "I strongly feel that an independent prosecutor would be
appropriate in this case, not necessarily to indict or prosecute but to get to
the bottom of the matter," he said.

One of the issues in the case involved the prosecution by the United States
Attorney in Atlanta of Christopher Drogoul, the manager of the local branch of
the Italian bank. Mr. Drogoul was charged with fraud for making sizable
unsecured loans to Iraq without the knowledge of his superiors in Rome.

But at a tumultuous court hearing before Judge Shoob in September, it was
disclosed that the Central Intelligence Agency knew and withheld information
that the Italian managers were aware of the loans and thus could not have been
defrauded.

Much of the speculation has been about whether officials at the C.I.A. and
Justice Department sought to limit the investigation out of fear of embarrassing
the Italian government, which was closely tied to the bank.

Judge Shoob said today that he felt he had been misled by the C.I.A. and the
Justice Department.

Representative Henry B. Gonzalez, a Texas Democrat who has pressed the idea of a
coverup and who was criticized by Judge Lacey on Wednesday as having made
uninformed attacks, responded today in a way that demonstrated the harsh
feelings generated by the bank affair. "I'm not going to get into a micturition
contest with a skunk," he said, using a word for urination.

Congressional staff members also said today that some lawmakers were considering
summoning Judge Lacey to testify before Congress about his conclusions.

The limited scope of the Lacey inquiry was the principal target of critics of
the Bush Administration, some of whom said the inquiry was narrowly focused,
superficial and driven to completion by artificial deadlines.

Because the report deals narrowly with the issues surrounding the Atlanta case,
many of the critical questions about United States policies toward Iraq remain
unanswered. Some Congressional committees are investigating whether the
Government used a network of companies, some financed by the Atlanta bank, as
conduits for illegal arms sales to Iraq. Some lawmakers have said that despite
investigations around the country none of the companies have ever been charged
with violating export laws.

And documents released today in connection with the Lacey report show that
Federal prosecutors in Atlanta are investigating allegations that a former
official of the Agriculture Department was seeking bribes from companies doing
business with Iraq under a department program.

Representative Charles E. Schumer, a Queens Democrat on the Banking and
Judiciary Committees who has been pressing for an independent counsel, said that
the report was a whitewash and that he expected the Clinton Administration to
move swiftly to select an independent prosecutor.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Report: Alarming abuses seen at remote California prison

BYLINE: Don Thompson; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 635 words

ABSTRACT

State report finds 'culture of racism,' alarming abuses at remote Northern
California prison

FULL TEXT

SACRAMENTO >> Guards at an isolated state prison have created a "culture of
racism," engage in alarming use of force against inmates and have a code of
silence encouraged by the union that represents most corrections officers, the
California inspector general said Wednesday.

The scathing report calls for management and other changes at High Desert State
Prison in the northeast corner of the state.

More broadly, the report finds rising violence statewide in special housing
units designed to protect vulnerable inmates, including sex offenders, gang
dropouts and prisoners with physical disabilities.

Investigation

The months-long investigation was sparked by reports that some guards at the
Susanville prison mistreated inmates with disabilities and set up sex offenders
for assaults because of the nature of their crimes.

The investigation also found evidence of "a culture of racism and lack of
acceptance of ethnic differences" among correctional officers, three-quarters of
whom are white.

Inspector General Robert Barton said the California Correctional Peace Officers
Association advised members not to cooperate and filed a lawsuit and collective
bargaining grievance in a bid to hinder the investigation.

The union sent a letter last month to Gov. Jerry Brown and every state lawmaker
in what Barton called "the latest strong-arm tactic" to obstruct the
investigation and discredit the inspector general before the report was
released.

Union President Chuck Alexander and spokeswoman Nichol Gomez-Pryde did not
immediately respond to calls and emails seeking comment.

The report came more than a decade after the Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation tried to stamp out a culture in which prison guards protect one
another when they witness wrongdoing.

Isolated area

It says some problems at the High Desert facility evolved because the prison is
so isolated about 90 miles northwest of Reno, Nevada.

Susanville has fewer than 16,000 people, and High Desert and the neighboring
California Correctional Center are its largest employers. Workers form
tight-knit social groups known as "cars" that can foster a code of silence and
make it difficult to report wrongdoing, the inspector general said.

He found that the prison's nearly 3,500 inmates won't report abuse because they
fear word will spread among employees and lead to retaliation.

The "staff complaint process is broken," with few employee complaints
investigated, the report states.

"This dangerous staff misconduct has been tolerated for too long," Rebekah
Evenson, an attorney with the nonprofit Prison Law Office who represents
inmates, said in a statement. "The culture of abuse at High Desert endangers
prisoners and the prison staff."

She called for the department to create a strong external monitor to oversee
reforms.

Steps taken

Corrections Secretary Jeffrey Beard, who is retiring later this month, said the
department has already taken steps involving employee training, management
changes and investigations of alleged wrongdoing.

"We do not tolerate staff misconduct of any kind," Beard said in a statement.

The inspector general's report also recommends changes statewide to make it
tougher for employees to learn what crime an inmate committed.

Guards can now use an electronic state database to easily see which inmates have
an "R" coding that designates a sex offender. Some spread that information,
knowing sex offenders are often marked for retribution because of the nature of
their crimes, the inspector general found.

He also called for an overhaul of special housing units designed to protect the
most vulnerable inmates as the department combats a wave of violence and gang
activity in what were supposed to be safe areas.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 July 31, 2015
                                 First Edition

Farah cleared in Salazar doping investigation;
ATHLETICS

BYLINE: Guy Aspin

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 305 words


UK Athletics has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the initial
findings of its investigation into allegations of doping against his coach
Alberto Salazar.

The governing body also said its investigation had not given it "any reason to
question the appropriateness of the input" given by Salazar's Nike Oregon
Project to the double Olympic champion's training regime.

UKA launched a review following allegations broadcast in a BBC Panorama
programme in June that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in
Portland - where Farah trains - had violated several anti-doping rules.

Salazar, who is an "unpaid consultant" for UKA, has strenuously denied the
accusations against him, and Farah - who was not accused of any wrongdoing in
the documentary and has strenusously denied doing anything wrong - has vowed to
stick by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

UKA launched a review into the American's relationship with the governing body
and Farah, which was undertaken by its three-person Performance Oversight Group,
comprising former athletes Jason Gardener, Dr Sarah Rowell and Anne Wafula
Strike.

A statement from UKA said: "With reference to the first and most vital objective
of the review, the board can confirm that none of the extensive information
supplied to the POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo
Farah, nor gave UK Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the
input given by the Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime."

Farah was questioned by the United States Anti-Doping Agency for their
investigation in a routine meeting at a central London hotel on Saturday.

Sebastian Coe has edged closer to securing the IAAF presidency after winning
public declarations of support from 12 European countries. The election will
take place on 19 August in Beijing.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Business, labor leaders discuss ballot initiatives

BYLINE: Andy Vuong The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-09

LENGTH: 272 words


Business and labor leaders addressed several dozen members of the City Club of
Denver on Tuesday in an effort to inform and sway them on several competing
measures set to appear on the November ballot.

In what could be the start of a flurry of such forums, each side painted the
other's measures as potentially devastating to their livelihood.

Todd Vitale, campaign manager for the business-backed Coloradans for Responsible
Reform, said measures such as Amendment 53, which seeks to hold executives
criminally liable for corporate wrongdoings, could have a "chilling effect" on
businesses and the Colorado economy.

If passed, executives who know their company is breaking the law but don't
report it could be criminally charged. Vitale said knowledge of wrongdoings
isn't black and white, which could lead to costly legal battles.

Carmen Rhodes, who spoke on behalf of the union-backed Protect Colorado's
Future, said three proposed business measures have put workers up against a
wall, threatening their right to organize and collectively bargain.

The most contentious of the business measures is Amendment 47, the right-to-work
initiative. Under federal law, unions can force workers in all-union shops to
pay representation fees if they're not a formal member. States can enact
right-to-work laws to prohibit such arrangements.

Denver political analyst Floyd Ciruli warned that having so many initiatives on
the ballot could confuse voters.

"These decisions are going to be made in a haphazard way," Ciruli said.

The City Club of Denver was founded in 1922 to inform members on key issues.

Andy Vuong: 303-954-1209 or avuong@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 21, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIES;
REVIEW;
"Eraser" *** Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vanessa Williams.;
Directed by Charles Russell. Rated R for violence. At metro theaters.;
Ratings range from one to four stars.;
THE VERDICT

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel; FILM EDITOR

SECTION: PREVIEW; Pg. 17P

LENGTH: 442 words



Blows up real good.
Arnie plays a hero, not wise guy

A most satisfying dose of major summer movie mayhem, Arnold Schwarzenegger's
"Eraser" offers all the thrills of his last hit, "True Lies," without the
smart-alecky attitude and misogynist subtext.

Here's the difference in a nutshell. In "True Lies," Arnold's second banana was
Tom Arnold. Here, the role is played by Robert Pastorelli, the artist formerly
known as Murphy Brown's amiably eccentric house painter.

Get the picture?

The hokey title refers to Arnold's job. As federal agent John Kruger, he's a
member of an elite team of highly trained specialists who "erase" the identities
of those seeking refuge in the government's Witness Protection Program.

His new assignment is Lee Cullen (Vanessa Williams), a corporate whistle-blower
whocaught her bosses selling sophisticated assault weapons to international
terrorists. What neither she nor Kruger knows is that there's a powerful mole
inside Kruger's agency who's in cahoots with the bad guys.

Yeah, it sounds a lot like "Mission: Impossible." But Arnold Schwarzenegger is
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise, and that's probably for the
best for both of them. As the French would say, "Vive la difference."

"Eraser" slams along at breakneck speed and with jaw-dropping efficiency (it
helps you get by all the shamelessly preposterous parts, like crocodiles on a
rampage in the New York City Zoo or Schwarzenegger almost being run over by a
jet in midair). But at nearly two hours, the movie wears out the star's
invincibility and the audience's patience. One less Big Action Scene would've
helped a lot - though you don't want to leave before the final kicker.

You might say "Eraser" gives us a kinder, if not gentler, Schwarzenegger. He
makes a most appealing guardian angel - albeit a terse, often murderous one. And
the way a few of his former "erasures" help out in a pinch - that's where
Pastorelli comes in - is a nice touch. Williams' damsel-in-distress role is
totally by the book but she has the looks and the moxie to carry it off with
style.

One interesting touch: In the middle of a daring rescue, Williams whispers to
Arnold, "You're late!" and he replies, "Traffic." Some of you may recognize this
as being awfully similar to the exchange between Bruce Willis and Julia Roberts
in the movie-within-the-movie that ended "The Player," Robert Altman's Hollywood
satire. Perhaps it's intentional. Perhaps not. Either way, it's a fitting
reminder that, like it or not, these days, movies like "Eraser" are what
Hollywood does best. And no one does them better than Schwarzenegger.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo and teaser box: (appeared on P/01 with reference to P/07
 story) Arnold Schwarzenegger and Vanessa Williams in 'Eraser' / Warner
 Bros Photo: Ripping up the set, Arnold Schwarzenegger makes an escape in
 the action-thriller "Eraser." / Warner Bros.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Clinton plan would crack down on Wall Street

BYLINE: Max Ehrenfreund

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 602 words


Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton will unveil a proposal
later this week to more severely punish financial executives and firms that are
found to have committed serious wrongdoing as part of a wide-reaching strategy
for cracking down on corporate malfeasance and more tightly regulating Wall
Street, campaign officials said Wednesday.

The plan has several features, officials said. Clinton officials say she would
strongly encourage prosecutors to pursue individual executives and bankers at
firms accused of wrongdoing - through criminal prosecution, efforts to reclaim
their compensation or dismissal. In recent years, by contrast, regulators have
faced criticism for prosecuting corporate entities, not individuals.

In addition, while current law allows many executives to take up certain roles
in the financial industry even after being found culpable for violations of
criminal or securities laws, Clinton's plan would also seek to prevent more
people convicted of crimes from working in any capacity in the industry.

"Clinton believes that the best way to deter corporate wrongdoing is to hold
individuals accountable for their misconduct," according to a summary of the
proposal obtained by The Washington Post.

Responding to concerns of activists including Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.),
the proposal also would limit the access of major financial firms to the markets
if they engage in serious wrongdoing.

Among other things, Clinton would extend the statute of limitations on some
crimes to allow prosecutors more time to develop cases. She would seek
independent sources of funding for enforcement for agencies such as the
Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission,
which could shield regulators from interference from Capitol Hill. The Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau already enjoys a separate source of funds, which
Republicans in Congress have sought to cut off.

"When the woman who may be the next president of the United States says that she
wants to crack down on corporate crime and hold individuals accountable, Wall
Street will listen, as will the rest of corporate America," said the University
of Michigan's David Uhlmann, a former federal prosecutor who was briefed by the
campaign about the proposal.

Clinton's plans, described by officials on the condition of anonymity, will be
included in the larger financial regulatory proposal to be announced later this
week. The former secretary of state, who has sometimes been accused of being too
close to Wall Street, has been working to show she is responding to the public's
concerns about financial abuse. On Wednesday, she sent a letter exhorting
Democratic lawmakers to fight Republican attempts to weaken the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and the 2010 Dodd-Frank law that tightened financial
regulation.

The Justice Department has faced criticism in recent years for imposing
corporate penalties - paid by shareholders - rather than prosecuting individual
bankers involved in wrongdoing. Recently, the department reminded prosecutors to
prioritize prison sentences for white-collar criminals over corporate fines.
Legal experts said Clinton's proposal would go beyond current policy by
providing more resources for white-collar investigations, as well as requiring
prosecutors to extract admissions of guilt or go to trial.

Clinton's plans certainly face challenges. White-collar investigations are often
complicated and time-consuming, and successful cases demand manpower and money.
Federal officials have promised stricter enforcement in the past.

max.ehrenfreund@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Bay Area News Group asks court to order Mt. Diablo school district to release
public documents on suspected molester

BYLINE: By Lisa Vorderbrueggen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 401 words


WALNUT CREEK -- The Bay Area News Group is asking a judge to force the Mt.
Diablo Unified School District to release internal records about a former
Concord elementary schoolteacher charged with sexually molesting 13 male
students.

Citing personnel and investigatory exemptions in the state's public records law,
the district has refused to produce documents pertaining to former Woodside
Elementary School teacher Joseph Martin, 45, who pleaded not guilty in July to
125 felony molestation counts.

The news organization, which owns the Contra Costa Times, San Jose Mercury News
and Oakland Tribune, argued in a lawsuit filed in Contra Costa County Superior
Court that the records are not exempt and must be disclosed.

Judges in numerous previous court cases have upheld the public's right to access
information about well-founded allegations of wrongdoing by public employees,
said news group attorney Duffy Carolan.

"The district can't hide behind claims of privacy or privilege to protect from
public oversight Mr. Martin's wrongdoing or the district's response to it,"
Carolan said. "Its legal position is untenable and shortsighted. The public
deserves answers."

News group investigative reporter Matthias Gafni formally requested records of
allegations involving Martin after prosecutors charged the once-popular teacher
with molesting 13 students as far back as 2006. If convicted, Martin faces life
in prison.

In addition to the criminal proceedings against the teacher, three claims and a
civil rights lawsuit have been filed against district employees alleging
officials had earlier suspicions of Martin's abuse but failed to report him to
police or Child Protective Services, as required by law.

The most recent claim cites a 2013 police report, which quoted from a 2006
internal Mt. Diablo school district document about finding "potential child
abuse" at the hands of Martin. The police report also says no one from the
district reported Martin to Child Protective Services or law enforcement
authorities at that time, but instead created new rules for Martin, such as
keeping his classroom door open at all times.

The records sought by the news group likely include district investigations into
several incidents witnessed and reported to district officials by other
teachers.

As of late Friday afternoon, the district's legal counsel and school board
members had not responded to requests for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Bay Area News Group asks court to order Mt. Diablo school district to release
public documents on suspected molester

BYLINE: By Lisa Vorderbrueggen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 401 words


WALNUT CREEK -- The Bay Area News Group is asking a judge to force the Mt.
Diablo Unified School District to release internal records about a former
Concord elementary schoolteacher charged with sexually molesting 13 male
students.

Citing personnel and investigatory exemptions in the state's public records law,
the district has refused to produce documents pertaining to former Woodside
Elementary School teacher Joseph Martin, 45, who pleaded not guilty in July to
125 felony molestation counts.

The news organization, which owns the Contra Costa Times, San Jose Mercury News
and Oakland Tribune, argued in a lawsuit filed in Contra Costa County Superior
Court that the records are not exempt and must be disclosed.

Judges in numerous previous court cases have upheld the public's right to access
information about well-founded allegations of wrongdoing by public employees,
said news group attorney Duffy Carolan.

"The district can't hide behind claims of privacy or privilege to protect from
public oversight Mr. Martin's wrongdoing or the district's response to it,"
Carolan said. "Its legal position is untenable and shortsighted. The public
deserves answers."

News group investigative reporter Matthias Gafni formally requested records of
allegations involving Martin after prosecutors charged the once-popular teacher
with molesting 13 students as far back as 2006. If convicted, Martin faces life
in prison.

In addition to the criminal proceedings against the teacher, three claims and a
civil rights lawsuit have been filed against district employees alleging
officials had earlier suspicions of Martin's abuse but failed to report him to
police or Child Protective Services, as required by law.

The most recent claim cites a 2013 police report, which quoted from a 2006
internal Mt. Diablo school district document about finding "potential child
abuse" at the hands of Martin. The police report also says no one from the
district reported Martin to Child Protective Services or law enforcement
authorities at that time, but instead created new rules for Martin, such as
keeping his classroom door open at all times.

The records sought by the news group likely include district investigations into
several incidents witnessed and reported to district officials by other
teachers.

As of late Friday afternoon, the district's legal counsel and school board
members had not responded to requests for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              May 3, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Soldier reaches jail deal: Boyfriend prodded me, she says. Lynndie England
'assumed it was OK' to tether naked Iraqi with dog leash

BYLINE: SHELDON ALBERTS, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Lynndie England, the U.S. army private who posed at Abu Ghraib prison holding a
naked Iraqi by a dog leash, is facing a prison term after pleading guilty
yesterday to charges of abuse and sexual humiliation.

Under a deal she made with military prosecutors, the reservist will serve less
than the maximum term of 11 years in prison. A military jury here will decide
her sentence this week.

The 22-year-old became the seventh low-ranking soldier deemed guilty of
wrongdoing in the prison abuse scandal that exploded one year ago after the
publication of dozens of graphic photos that documented the sexual degradation
and psychological torture of detainees.

England became an iconic figure in the scandal.

England's guilty plea came days after army officials cleared all senior officers
of wrongdoing in the Abu Ghraib affair, a move that has critics complaining of a
whitewash.

"It is entirely appropriate that Lynndie England be punished for the crimes that
she participated in. But, to be clear, it wasn't Lynndie England who approved a
policy of humiliating detainees," said Reed Brody, special counsel for the New
York-based Human Rights Watch, which is asking for an independent investigation
of officers higher up the chain of command.

England posed for photographs taken by army Specialist Charles Graner, a guard
at the prison and her boyfriend at the time of the abuses in late 2003.

In one of the pictures, the diminutive soldier is smiling as she poses behind a
group of Iraqi men piled naked in a human pyramid.

Graner "handed me the leash and said: 'Hold this, I'm going to take a picture,'
" England told a military judge at Fort Hood, Tex. "He wanted it to look more
humiliating if a female my size would hold it."

England said she "assumed it was OK" because Graner had a background as a prison
guard in the United States.

The images of abuse by guards at the prison near Baghdad were published around
the world last year and displayed on billboards in some Arab capitals.

U.S. commanders have acknowledged that the pictures fuelled Islamist sentiment
in Iraq and across the Muslim world, in particular because they showed U.S.
women humiliating Arab men.

Under the deal negotiated with prosecutors, England pleaded guilty to seven of
nine charges against her, including four counts of mistreating prisoners, two
counts of conspiracy and one count of committing an indecent act. Two other
charges were dropped.

The military judge in the case, Colonel James Pohl, accepted the guilty pleas.
England's lawyers say they will argue at the sentencing hearing that the West
Virginia woman deserves a lighter sentence because she has mental deficiencies.

Graner, considered the ringleader of guards at the Baghdad prison, was sentenced
to 10 years in prison last January.

The other soldiers were sentenced to prison terms ranging from six months to
eight and a half years.

London Daily Telegraph and Washington Post contributed to this report

Online Extra: To learn about the status of other soldiers charged in the abuse
scandal, go to our Web site: www.montrealgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: JEFF MITCHELL, REUTERS; Prisoner Abuse: U.S. Private Pleads Guilty
in Abu Ghraib Scandal: U.S. army Pte. Lynndie England (centre) arrives for
yesterday's hearing in Fort Hood, Tex., with defence lawyers Kristine Didonato
and Lori Hernandez.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                Ontario Edition

ARTHUR PORTER;
RCMP probed Tory choice for security oversight body after kickback allegations

BYLINE: DANIEL LELANC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The RCMP investigated the Conservative government's appointment of Arthur Porter
to Canada's intelligence oversight agency after allegations surfaced the
physician was involved in a kickback scheme in Montreal, The Globe and Mail has
learned.

Dr. Porter made high-profile friends in the Conservative Party after he arrived
in Canada from the United States in 2004 to run the McGill University Health
Centre. He eventually got the attention of the Prime Minister's Office, which
invited him to sit on the Security Intelligence Review Committee (SIRC) in 2008.

Dr. Porter died this week in Panama, where he was fighting extradition on
charges of fraud and bribery laid in 2013. According to Quebec's anti-corruption
unit, Dr. Porter received $22.5-million from the health centre's awarding of a
$1.3-billion hospital contract to engineering firm SNC-Lavalin.

Given the allegations involving Dr. Porter in Montreal, the RCMP launched an
investigation to determine whether there was any wrongdoing related to his
appointment to SIRC or his promotion as the agency's chair in 2010.

The probe brought the RCMP into the highest echelons of the Harper government.
The file was eventually closed without any evidence of wrongdoing or any charges
being laid, a government official said.

"The questions surrounded the possibility that anyone received favours as part
of the appointment process," said the official, who spoke on condition of
anonymity.

Crown prosecutor Marie-Hélène Giroux said on Thursday that she was still looking
for proof of Dr. Porter's death before dropping the charges against him.

The head of Quebec's anti-corruption unit said he would send two officers to
Panama. "It seems to us essential and a priority to rapidly obtain proof so we
can take the appropriate steps regarding the charges of fraud, conspiracy and
money laundering [Dr. Porter] is facing," Robert Lafrenière said in a statement.

The RCMP investigation highlights the problems raised by the appointment of Dr.
Porter, whose management style had already raised questions during his previous
job, at the Detroit Medical Centre.

By joining SIRC, Dr. Porter became an "honourable" member of the Privy Council.
According to protocol, the flag on the Peace Tower should be flown at half-mast
on the day of his funeral. However, federal sources said Prime Minister Stephen
Harper has decided to deny the honour to Dr. Porter, whose death was announced
on Wednesday.

NDP MP Charlie Angus said the federal government should have acted more quickly
to remove Dr. Porter from the list of Privy Council members.

"The Prime Minister fasttracked him into oversight of the Canada spy agency and
then left him with the honours of the Privy Council when he was rotting in a
Panamanian jail," Mr.

Angus said. "It's a little late now to say we are going to keep the flag
flying."

On Wednesday, a spokesperson for the Department of Foreign Affairs responded to
questions about Dr. Porter's death by stating: "We are aware of the death of a
Canadian citizen in Panama.

Due to the Privacy Act, further details on this case cannot be released."

The initial announcement of Mr. Porter's death came from the co-author of his
autobiography, Ottawa journalist T. R. Todd.

"While family was present in the country, he died suddenly and alone," Mr. Todd
said in a statement on his website.

In his 2014 book, The Man Behind the Bow Tie, Dr. Porter said the money from
SNC-Lavalin was for his work on international projects, not the Montreal
hospital. He said he had helped the firm's interests in Africa over the years,
including in Libya, where the company enjoyed close ties with the Gadhafi
family.

"I think people often muddled SNC-Lavalin's strong interest in my international
skills with its bid for the hospital contract. It was an unfortunate
misperception," he wrote.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 14, 2009 Saturday

ALL WRAPPED UP - MARGARITO PROMOTER STUCK BETWEEN ROCK AND HARDENED SUBSTANCE

BYLINE: George Willis

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 518 words


TOP RANK promoter Bob Arum has been in boxing more than four decades, but it's
doubtful he has ever had a week like the last seven days. In the midst of trying
to promote a unique payperview telecast from two different venues, he had to
deal with the fallout of Antonio Margarito losing his boxing license for a year.

Arum, who promotes Margarito, still is steaming over the California State
Athletic Commission's decision to revoke his fighter's boxing license after a
hardened substance was found in Margarito's wraps before his Jan. 24 fight with
Shane Mosley at the Staples Center.

Arum has no beef about Margarito's trainer Javier Capetillo losing his license
for one year, but is arguing Margarito doesn't deserve any sanctions because the
boxer was unaware his hands were being wrapped illegally and there's no proof
otherwise.

"The commission punishment is based on the theory that the boxer is the captain
of his team and is responsible for any wrongdoing of his trainer or any of his
corner men. But that's not the law," Arum said.

He pointed out that when Roger Mayweather, the trainer for Floyd Mayweather,
entered the ring during the Mayweather-Zab Judah fight April 2006 in Las Vegas,
nearly causing a riot, Roger was fined and suspended by the Nevada Athletic
Commission, but Floyd received no punishment.

"The correct 'message' is that a person should only be punished if he or she is
guilty of wrongdoing," said Arum, who plans to appeal the decision and will
explore fighting Margarito, who lost the bout to Mosley, in Mexico this summer.

Margarito's ruling came during a week when Arum was kicking up the promotion for
next Saturday's pay-per-view twinbill featuring two other Top Rank boxers:
Miguel Cotto and Kelly Pavlik. Cotto is fighting Englishman Michael Jennings for
the WBO welterweight title at Madison Square Garden, and Pavlik is defending his
WBC middleweight title against Marco Antonio Rubio of Mexico in Youngstown,
Ohio.

Because Margarito, Cotto and Pavlik all fight for Top Rank, Arum has to be loyal
to all three, which led to a sticky situation last week when, during a
conference call, Cotto said Margarito should not be allowed to fight anywhere
for at least a year, including Mexico, and questioned Margarito's claim he was
clueless about his wraps.

"When everybody gets their hands wrapped, we know what's in them," Cotto said.
"Every boxer knows if there's something different in their hands or not and I
think he, as a fighter, he would know if he had anything in there or not."

Arum, who was on the call, had to navigate defending Margarito against Cotto's
comments without offending Cotto.

"He has to make a living and he has the right to fight any place that will
license him," Arum said of Margarito. "Mexico has indicated they will provide
him a license. I am his promoter and I will do the best I can for him."

Margarito defeated the previously unbeaten Cotto to win the WBA welterweight
title on an 11th-round TKO in July. A potential rematch on June 13 has been
scratched for now, but all this could wind up making the fight bigger than it
might have been.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HARD TIMES: Antonio Margarito (left) was suspended for allegedly having
a hardened substance in his glove during his loss to Shane Mosley (right) Jan.
24. [Getty Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 28, 2005 Tuesday Home Edition

HEALTHSOUTH: Finance sequel is heavy reading

BYLINE: PATTI BOND

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1C;

LENGTH: 743 words


Weighing in at 1 million man-hours and nearly 3 million corrective accounting
entries, HealthSouth's financial restatement is a whopper by any measure.

The Birmingham-based health care provider on Monday filed its first audited
financial report since September 2002, when a massive accounting fraud began to
surface.

The revised financial report, which spanned four years, indicates the fraud is
much greater than recent estimates. Outside accountants working for the operator
of rehabilitation clinics and surgical centers found the fraud totaled $3.9
billion. Prosecutors and regulators had pegged the overstated profits at $2.7
billion.

The company and outside accountants have been working on the restatement for two
years, but the work has been overshadowed by the trial of company founder and
former Chief Executive Officer Richard Scrushy, who was charged with
masterminding the $2.7 billion fraud. Scrushy denies wrongdoing.

"They've got this major milestone out of the way, and from here they can focus
on improving their financials," Frank Morgan, an analyst at Jefferies & Co. in
Nashville, told Bloomberg News. "It just shows that the management team is doing
what they're supposed to do and getting back to running the business."

HealthSouth plans to return to filing financial reports on a regular schedule by
2006. Results for 2004 will be filed by the end of this year, according to the
company.

HealthSouth reported that it has spent more than $250 million to reconstruct
financial reports. At least five outside firms, including Atlanta-based Callaway
Partners, were hired for the restatement.

The company originally reported results for 2002 in a March 3, 2003, statement
just two weeks before federal agents raided the company to search for evidence
of false accounting.

Adjustments made in the restatement included writedowns of property, goodwill
and other assets, HealthSouth said. The cumulative net reduction of these
adjustments to shareholders' equity was $3.9 billion as of the end of 2001, the
company said in the filing.

"People like to measure this fraud in terms of man-hours and dollars spent,"
said John Quille, HealthSouth's controller and principal accounting officer.
"One thing that characterized this fraud is not so much the volume ... but the
total write-down in shareholders' wealth --- it's huge."

In a statement released Monday, HealthSouth CEO Jay Grinney said he was "pleased
to have this behind us so we can focus more of our resources on our strategic
plan and future growth."

Grinney, 54, has tried to distance the company from Scrushy since he was hired
in May 2004. The jury in Scrushy's federal trial in Birmingham ended its 20th
day of deliberations Monday.

The lengthy process for reconstructing the records caused HealthSouth to miss
its own first-quarter deadline for filing the restatement. The company said it
reviewed 1.4 million accounts and had to revise 92 percent of them.

Since Grinney was hired, he has renegotiated credit terms, agreed to pay $100
million to settle an SEC lawsuit accusing the company of accounting fraud under
Scrushy, and reached a $325 million settlement of Justice Department civil
charges that HealthSouth overbilled Medicare from 1996 to 2002.

HealthSouth has the largest network of outpatient rehabilitation centers in the
United States. The company said it will focus on expanding in specific markets
where it expects high growth in demand driven by an aging population. It also
plans to build up business in areas such as skilled nursing and home health
services.

Potential buyers have expressed interest in acquiring HealthSouth's diagnostics
imaging division, according to Monday's filing. While the diagnostic-imaging
network is the second-largest in the country, with 96 centers, it accounted for
just 7 percent of HealthSouth's operating revenue in 2003.

In lieu of audited financial statements, the company has given regular briefings
to analysts and investors in the past year on its operations, restructuring and
financial status. Grinney told investors at a December meeting that
HealthSouth's recovery would probably take three or four years.

Quille, HealthSouth's controller, said the company hustled through the weekend
to wrap up the restated annual report at 5:25 a.m. Monday.

"We just wanted to get it over with," Quille said.

--- Bloomberg News contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HealthSouth restated its fraud-tainted finances, and CEO Jay Grinney
said it's a relief. It's also an eye-opener. BY THE NUMBERS 1 million: Hours it
took to reconstruct HealthSouth's financial records 1.4 million: Accounts that
had to be reviewed 92%: Accounts that had to be revised $250 million: How much
HealthSouth paid accountants and consultants Source: HealthSouth Corp.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 3, 2005 Friday
                            MARTIN-ST. LUCIE EDITION

EX-FORT PIERCE BUSINESS OWNER CHARGED

BYLINE: By SOFIA SANTANA Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 425 words


Mere months after Bryan Hacht opened a plastics and chemical business in Fort
Pierce with four Canadian investors in the fall of 2002, the investors suspected
he was stealing money out of the company account for personal use, according to
St. Lucie County sheriff's records.

For more than two years, St. Lucie sheriff's Detective William Radke subpoenaed
and collected bank statements, accounting records and other documents to trace
the quarter-million dollars Hacht is accused of embezzling between October 2002
and June 2003 from his company, Composite Polymer Solutions.

The documents, along with an 80-page explanation of Hacht's alleged wrongdoing
that was completed in May, were enough to secure a warrant for his arrest.

Hacht, 33, turned himself in to the Martin County jail Tuesday on a charge of
organized fraud and posted $50,000 bond hours later.

He has home addresses in Stuart and Miami, but could not be reached for comment
Thursday.

In interviews with investigators, with his lawyer present, Hacht denied any
wrongdoing but also said he did not have any documentation that could refute
evidence that he withdrew thousands of dollars at a time from the company bank
account for personal use without notifying his business partners, who contacted
the sheriff's office in the summer of 2003.

The investors provided Radke with copies of business statements and also wrote
detailed statements of their experiences with Hacht.

"I perceived Bryan as a very bright individual who with the right guidance could
do very well," wrote Peter van Hierden, who lives in Alberta and held as much
stock in the company as Hacht. "Even though we (investors) lacked proper
documentation as to Bryan's past, I felt his ambition and his intelligence would
make up for it."

The other three investors echoed the same sentiments about their early
relationship with Hacht in written statements.

"It appears the suspect schemed to defraud the victims in a methodical manner
from the onset of their business venture," Radke wrote. "The suspect was in a
position of trust and used his knowledge to steal their funds by various means
including deception and guile."

The investors eventually bought out Hacht's share of the company, but Composite
Polymer Solutions, which had a warehouse on Park Way Place in Fort Pierce, shut
down in November, according to state records.

Hacht formed Composite Polymer Systems days later, listing an office in LaBelle,
near Lake Okeechobee, state records show.

Post staff writer Jill Taylor contributed to this story.

sofia_santana@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                February 19, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BILL AIMS TO BOOST PRISON OVERSIGHT

BYLINE: MARK GLADSTONE, Mercury News Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


The state's independent prison watchdog would be given broad new powers to root
out wrongdoing in prisons and to disclose the findings under legislation
introduced Wednesday by two senators who are pushing to reform California's
sprawling corrections system.

The Office of the Inspector General, which oversees investigations in adult and
juvenile prisons, has been criticized for lacking the power to expose
mismanagement and prosecute wrongdoing.

Under proposals introduced by Democratic Sens. Jackie Speier of San Mateo and
Gloria Romero of Rosemead, the watchdog office would be required to refer cases
to state or local prosecutors if criminal wrongdoing is found by investigators.
Also, the inspector general would be given a 10-year term appointment in an
attempt to insulate the office from politics.

Speier said the legislation "gives the office teeth, funding and independence."

Last month, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger initially proposed putting the office
under the Youth and Adult Correctional Agency, which it is supposed to monitor,
because it had failed to do its intended job. His proposal, however, drew
complaints from lawmakers and prison reformers because the inspector general's
office had identified tens of millions of dollars in waste at prisons and had
exposed violence and mistreatment in youth and adult institutions.

Schwarzenegger also fired the acting inspector general, John Chen, on the eve of
legislative hearings last month. They were held in the wake of a critical report
by a federal court monitor that raised questions about whetherthe Department of
Corrections could properly police itself.

Schwarzenegger persisted in calling the obscure agency a waste but reversed
himself earlier this month. He indicated he would increase the $2.8 million
annual budget -- which lawmakers had cut from a high of $11 million -- and keep
the agency independent.

The legislation introduced Wednesday would create a funding formula, which would
boost next year's budget to $14 million.

Speier and Romero acted as the non-partisan legislative analyst Wednesday urged
the Legislature to keep the office independent. The office also said lawmakers
should take steps to strengthen the office by providing greater public access to
investigations, and by having the inspector general serve a fixed term.

Tip Kindel, deputy secretary to Schwarzenegger's corrections secretary, said he
had not seen the proposals from Speier and Romero and had no comment.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: Romero
Co-sponsoring reform bill.
PHOTO: Speier
Wants to give office "teeth."

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 16, 2002 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Age Bias Claim At Woolworth Ends in Accord

BYLINE:  By CECILIA M. VEGA

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 242 words


Foot Locker Specialty, which operated the old F. W. Woolworth five-and-dime
chain, will pay $3.5 million to settle claims that it dismissed older employees
because of their age and often hired younger workers as replacements, federal
officials said yesterday.

The United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said the accord
provided back pay and damages for 678 workers whose jobs at Woolworth were
terminated from 1995 to 1997.

Former managers and employees said their dismissals were part of cost-cutting
meant to give the company a fresher image. Many of those discharged were in
their 40's. Most were ages 60 to 80.

Woolworth closed its last five-and-dime store in 1997. The corporation, which
operated as the Venator Group until it changed its name last year to Foot Locker
Specialty, continues to run stores like Foot Locker and Champs. Executives
yesterday denied wrongdoing at Woolworth stores.

"We've denied any wrongdoing and wanted to put this behind the company, so we
could focus on our existing business," Peter Brown, vice president of investor
relations, said. "I don't think we feel that we discriminate against anyone."

Mr. Brown said the company was not looking for a younger image, as its older
employees had contended.

The settlement ends a suit filed in 1999 in Federal District Court in Manhattan
in which the commission said Woolworth had a practice of selecting employees for
termination because they were 40 and older.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 5, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Caremark Is Indicted in Kickbacks

BYLINE: By MILT FREUDENHEIM

SECTION: Section D;  Page 4;  Column 6;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 698 words


In what Federal officials said was the first in a series of indictments of home
health care companies, a Federal grand jury in Minneapolis yesterday charged
Caremark Inc. and a senior executive of Genentech Inc. with paying more than
$1.1 million in illegal kickbacks to a Minneapolis doctor to encourage him to
prescribe a genetically engineered human growth hormone made by Genentech and
delivered by Caremark.

The indictments, which followed an investigation that had been under way since
1991, also named three Caremark executives and Dr. David R. Brown of the
Minneapolis suburb of Edina, who specializes in children's hormone problems. The
Genentech executive who was indicted was Edmon R. Jennings, vice president of
sales and marketing.

June Gibbs Brown, the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human
Services, said the charges were "the first of a number of indictments involving
a number of home health companies across the country." More indictments are
expected within a couple of weeks in Columbus, Ohio, according to people
familiar with the investigations who asked not to be identified.

Wrongdoing Is Denied

Lawyers for Dr. Brown and Caremark, which is based in Northbrook, Ill., denied
any wrongdoing. Genentech said in a statement that "Federal authorities in
Minneapolis have said that neither Genentech nor any other Genentech employee is
expected to be indicted in connection with this investigation."

G. Kirk Raab, president of San Francisco-based Genentech, said the company stood
behind Mr. Jennings. A Genentech spokesman said Mr. Jennings would remain in his
job.

Caremark's shares fell $2.375 yesterday, to $21.125, in heavy trading on the New
York Stock Exchange, while Genentech's shares fell 62.5 cents, to $49.375.

Ms. Brown said her office was working with the Justice Department to "identify
health care providers who fraudulently abuse" the Federal Medicare and Medicaid
programs.

The Office of the Inspector General is preparing to broaden the inquiry by
issuing a "fraud alert," soliciting information from the public on illegal
prescription drug marketing schemes, Judith Holtz, a spokeswoman for the office
said.

The investigators want to know whether Medicaid anti-kickback laws have been
violated by drug companies providing gifts to doctors, including programs that
provide physicians with frequent-flier credits, a Federal official said.

According to the 51-count indictment, Caremark and the three Caremark executives
conspired with Mr. Jennings to pay kickbacks to Dr. Brown from 1986 until
earlier this year, according to Janet Newburg, an assistant United States
attorney in Minneapolis. The charges named two Caremark vice presidents, James
R. Mieszala and Joseph L. Herring, and the company general manager in
Minneapolis, Judy F. Giel.

If convicted, each defendant could face up to five years in prison and fines of
up to $250,000 for each count.

Sole Distributor of Hormone

Caremark was the sole home health care company distributing the Genentech
hormone, called Protopin, in the United States, Ms. Newburg said, and Dr. Brown
was one of the "nation's largest prescribers of Protopin," including to his
Medicaid patients. She said the payments included $509,000 in research grants
and $110,000 "under the guise of marketing agreements."

She said that Dr. Brown also received consulting fees and that Genentech paid
$224,468 to the physician, his nurse and his office staff. The indictment also
charged that at Dr. Brown's behest, Caremark hired "a close personal woman
friend" of the physician to market Protopin.

"Caremark absolutely denies any wrongdoing and believes it will be vindicated
when all the facts are evaluated in an unbiased forum," Thomas R. Schuman, the
company's general counsel, said.
 Caremark was a division of Baxter International during part of the period
covered by the indictment. Baxter spun off Caremark in 1992 as a separate
company. Caremark had about $162 million in Protopin sales last year.

Kevin Evans, a Chicago lawyer for Dr. Brown, said that the physician "denies
each of the charges against him and denies that he has engaged in any
wrongdoing."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 22, 2001 Thursday

Inspector general may get police powers  ;
 Secretary of state to revamp office after bribe scandal

BYLINE: DOUG FINKE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 586 words


An Illinois House committee Wednesday voted unanimously to beef up the secretary
of state inspector general's office in the wake of the licenses-for-bribes
scandal.

The House Constitutional Officers Committee endorsed Secretary of State Jesse
White's plan to grant police powers to the agency's inspector general
investigators, and to have the Illinois Senate confirm the nominee for inspector
general.

"My intention is to restore some integrity to this office," White told the
committee Wednesday. "For that reason, I have brought on Jim Burns. By bringing
on Jim Burns, we will set the record for all inspector generals that come after
him."

Burns, a former federal prosecutor, drafted the provisions contained in House
Bill 201 that he said will beef up the inspector general's office, which is
supposed to investigate allegations of wrongdoing involving secretary of state
employees.

Among other things, Burns said investigators need regular police powers, both to
more effectively do their jobs and to recruit highly qualified people.

The bill also gives subpoena powers to investigators and adds teeth to
provisions protecting whistle-blowers who report wrongdoing.

"When I arrived, morale was bad," Burns said. "A lot of people didn't have trust
in the inspector general. They felt they would come to the office, and we would
blow them off. I'm not saying that perception was right or wrong, but I would
suggest the perception was there."

White's predecessor as secretary of state was Gov. George Ryan, whose former
inspector general, Dean Bauer, was charged by federal prosecutors with covering
up allegations of wrongdoing rather than investigating them. Bauer last month
pleaded guilty to one count of obstruction of justice.

The charges were in connection with a scandal where license examiners took
bribes for passing unqualified applicants. Some of the bribe money ended up in
Ryan's campaign fund, though he has never been accused of wrongdoing.

The bill now goes to the full House. If the bill passes both chambers and is
signed into law by Ryan, White will formally nominate Burns as inspector
general.

MTBE ban

The House Wednesday passed legislation to eliminate the use and sale of MTBE in
Illinois within three years.

The MTBE Elimination Act, House Bill 171, states that the General Assembly finds
that MTBE "presents substantial environmental risks to the water quality in
Illinois," as well as to the health of Illinois' residents.

The fuel additive has been shown to contaminate ground water in several states
and is the main competitor to ethanol as a way to comply with the oxygenated
fuel requirements of the federal Clean Air Act. Illinois is the largest consumer
and producer of ethanol, which is made from corn.

While arguing for the bill's passage on the House floor, the sponsor, Rep. Julie
Curry, D-Decatur, called MTBE "a very serious problem." HB 171 won House
approval by a vote of 115-0, with one member voting "present."

The bill now goes to the Senate.

Allowance increase

A bill that unanimously passed the House Wednesday would give an extra $20 a
month to people who are Medicaid-eligible and live in Illinois nursing homes or
other institutions.

They could use the money for personal needs, such as haircuts or movies.

House Bill 31 would increase to $50 the monthly "personal needs allowance." At
present, the allowance is $30 a month.

The measure now goes to the Senate.

Money from the state's share of the national tobacco settlement would help pay
for the higher allowances.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: M1 ARTICLE VARIES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

AUDIT OF PARKING DECK CALLED OFF

BYLINE: Susan McCord Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 578 words


The Augusta Commission voted 7-1 on Tuesday to abandon plans for a forensic
audit on the deal-making associated with the downtown convention center parking
deck and rely instead on local law enforcement to examine the deals for
wrongdoing.

"I'm not going to spend $300,000, $180,000 or $10 to put on a forensic audit,"
said Commis-sion-er Joe Jackson, who offered a motion to invite local law
enforcement in.

"If it's that criminal, then let's get the authorities in here at no expense to
Augusta-Richmond County."

If a forensic auditor had found criminal wrongdoing, the findings would have
been turned over to prosecutors, who would have conducted their own
investigation anyway, Jackson said.

"Why are we going to spend the same dollars twice?" he asked.

Jackson offered the motion as a substitute to Commissioner Bill Lockett's motion
to refer four questions setting the scope of the audit to a dozen firms bidding
on the work. Jackson's motion was seconded by District 1 Com-missioner Matt
Aitken and opposed only by Lockett.

Aitken said he ran for the com-mission three years ago on completing the
convention center and that the months of recent commission stalling and debate
"makes us a laughingstock of this area."

"I don't want to see people dictate or hold this government in bondage than what
we've already seen," he said. "It's time to move forward."

During the meeting, one of Ait-ken's opponents for re-election, Harrisburg
activist Lori Davis, implored commission members to re-examine the deals. Da-vis
frequently comments on the anonymously run blog City Stink, which has
investigated and questioned various aspects of the parking deck and other city
deals at length.

"It became apparent that the deals were put together ... in favor of the
companies involved," Davis said. "We can ill-afford to continue to do business
in this way."

The vote followed a glowing financial audit presented by Miller Edwards of the
firm Mauldin & Jenkins, hired by the city this year to conduct the required
annual review. Edwards presented a "clean" review with no reportable findings,
he said, and the audit revealed a $1.6 million surplus.

Commission members who previously voted for the forensic audit but changed their
vote Tuesday included Corey Johnson, Grady Smith and Wayne Guilfoyle.
Com-mis-sioners Alvin Mason and J.R. Hatney, who have routinely criticized the
deals and their architects, were absent Tuesday.

Johnson said anyone with information about the transactions can submit it to
District Attorney Ashley Wright's office. Wright did not return a call
requesting comment.

Guilfoyle said he hoped for a thorough grand jury investigation, like the one
into the Augusta Fire Department a decade ago, "as long as we get it looked at
and answered; if we can get it investigated without costing taxpayers."

Paul Simon, the president of two firms involved in some of the transactions,
said the details that created

controversy among commissioners in the past year had been approved by the
commission several times, including when bonds were issued and sold to fund the
project.

Simon's companies, Au-gusta Riverfront LLC and 933 Broad LLC, have ties to
management of Mor-ris Com-mu-nications Co., the owner of The Augusta Chronicle.
Au-gusta Riverfront runs the existing riverfront conference center under the
Marriott brand and will operate the entire convention center when it is complete
later this year.

Reach Susan McCord at (706) 823-3215

or susan.mccord@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday

No crime detected in probe of Urban League;
Board members who resigned Thursday said they worked as hard as they could to
save it.

BYLINE: By Amelia Robinson Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 323 words


DAYTON - Montgomery County officials do not suspect criminal wrongdoing in the
audit of the Dayton Urban League, which closed its doors Dec. 3 after helping
local minorities in need for 63 years.

Sloppy paperwork and bad judgment are believed the culprits that led to a city
and county investigation into whether the Dayton Urban League misused some of
the $454,000 in stimulus funds contracted for a program that helps the needy pay
rent.

The Urban League staffer who managed 570 cases for the Homeless Prevention and
Rapid Re-housing Program League is believed responsible.

County Administrator Deborah A. Feldman said no criminal wrongdoing is
suspected. The city and county received funds for the program from the U.S.
Housing and Urban Development.

"This particular case manager was a little too helpful and wasn't as careful in
reviewing the applications as he should have been," said Aaron Sorrell, Dayton's
manager of housing and neighborhood development.

The prospects of relaunching the nonprofit are uncertain even as the National
Urban League encouraged the local chapter to remain open and state Rep. Clayton
Luckie, D-Dayton, organized a meeting Friday to work to restore the group.

Its six executive board members and many if not all of its other trustees
resigned Thursday.

"I had done all I could and could no longer serve the league," executive board
member James Mitchell said.

Mitchell said the board had no choice but to close. Money ran out. "We reached
the point where we had only money to pay people for the time they work."

Trustee Burnette Clingman said the decision was heartbreaking. "No one wants
this to happen, no one. Not the board. Not the National (Urban League)," she
said. "It's just scary times right now."

The Dayton Daily News first reported in November that the organization faced
serious financial pressures and had laid off workers. It closed two days after
appealing to supporters with a letter seeking funds.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 20, 2010 Monday

Petters clawback suits to launch

BYLINE: By John Welbes jwelbes@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Business

LENGTH: 557 words


A tsunami of lawsuits is about to be unleashed on the net winners in the Tom
Petters Ponzi scheme, along with about 100 former employees and a number of his
former business partners.

Two years after the $3.5 billion Minnetonka-based fraud scheme imploded,
PricewaterhouseCoopers is about to complete an exhaustive accounting of where
the fraudulent funds wound up. Armed with that information, the court-appointed
trustee handling the Petters corporate bankruptcy is prepped to file
approximately 200 lawsuits in an attempt to recover about $1 billion for
victims.

A small army of attorneys gathered Monday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in St. Paul
to hear about the action plan by the legal team working for Doug Kelley, the
trustee.

Kelley confirmed last week he was asking former employees and executives of
Petters Group Worldwide to return bonuses they had received during flush times,
even if they were not accused of any wrongdoing.

Because the bonus money came from subsidiary Petters Co. Inc., the engine of the
fraud, "The money was not Petters' to give away," Kelley explained. Kelley
hasn't sued those people yet but could soon.

Petters' business empire spread well beyond the unit accused of wrongdoing.
Petters Group Worldwide once controlled Sun Country Airlines, catalog retailer
Fingerhut and instant-photography pioneer Polaroid.

Petters was convicted last year on 20 fraud counts related to the Ponzi scheme,
which left more than 474 victims missing $2.5 billion, not including interest.
He was sentenced to 50 years in federal prison and is appealing the conviction
and sentence.

Beyond the employee bonuses, the other 100 lawsuits will target investment funds
and individuals who gave their money to Petters as short-term loans -- and came
out ahead.

In addition, banks and financial institutions that did business with Petters'
companies are having their records analyzed, lawsuits are being drawn up and at
least one of the banks will be sued within the next few weeks, an attorney for
Kelley said.

The 200-odd lawsuits are expected to be a rude awakening for many on the
receiving end. U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Gregory Kishel on Monday extended the time
they'll have to respond, to digest the news and line up legal representation.

"We don't know who's going to come to the party, do we?" Kishel asked James
Lodoen, an attorney for Kelley, at Monday's hearing.

Already, among the handful of people who have been served with "clawback"
lawsuits seeking repayment, several have expressed surprise, Lodoen said.

Former employees of Petters Group Worldwide who received bonuses of $30,000 or
more have been sent "demand" letters asking for the money back. They could be
sued by Oct. 10, a date tied to the statute of limitations in the case.

The lawsuits are largely ready to go. But attorneys for Kelley also will be in
court today asking for an extension of the Oct. 10 filing date -- which could
slow the process.

Kishel said that with the "massive" amount of litigation anticipated, he'd
extend the response deadline for the targets of the lawsuits to mid-January.

The year-end bonuses being targeted go back to 2007 or earlier.

If employees say the money they received is simply gone, Kelley said there would
be room to negotiate. "We're going to be reasonable with folks," he said after
the hearing.

John Welbes can be reached at 651-228-2175.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LAS VEGAS - OCTOBER 15: Tom Petters, founder and chairman of Petters
Group Worldwide, speaks at the launch of the 'uBid for Hurricane Relief' charity
auction and benefit at the Empire Ballroom October 15, 2005 in Las Vegas,
Nevada.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

DA probes East Palo Alto corruption claims

BYLINE: By Dan Reed Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Peninsula; Communities; Politics

LENGTH: 709 words


Has corruption infected East Palo Alto's government? Or are recent allegations
of wrongdoing - leveled against the mayor, city manager, city attorney and a
couple of staffers - simply unfounded accusations arising from the city's often
volcanic politics?

No one from the San Mateo County District Attorney's Office, however, is saying
much about the substance of those claims, which could lead to a criminal probe.

What is known is that a pair of inspectors from the prosecutor's office have
spent the past few weeks investigating allegations of "potentially some
mismanagement or inappropriate conduct in the running of the city," Chief Deputy
District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said.

And so far, Wagstaffe added, except for one specific accusation of financial
wrongdoing against the mayor, none of the allegations stems from a single act,
but rather from several "general" claims.

"They are in the preliminary stage of taking a look at things," Wagstaffe said
of the inspectors, Russ Banks and Thomas Paulin. "We have allegations made of
some potential misconduct and we are taking a look to see if it warrants a
criminal investigation."

Neither Banks nor Paulin would comment. There is no timetable on when a decision
to launch a more formal probe might be reached.

Of the three officials under investigation and named by the prosecutor's office,
only City Attorney Michael Lawson would talk about it with the Mercury News.

Lawson sought to put the whole matter into the context of the emotional and
sometimes wacky world of the city's politics.

"East Palo Alto is a very highly politicized environment," he said this week.
"Council meetings are frequently loud, raucous, undisciplined, and accusations
are made of criminal misconduct by council members or staff."

At last Tuesday's meeting, he said, things were as wild as ever.

"People were standing up and shouting at each other," Lawson said. "There was a
member of the community who was shouting at the mayor. The volume was so high
that the police had to come."

Sometimes, however, the allegations aren't just smoke from East Palo Alto's
overheated political environment.

In May 2001, former Mayor R.B. Jones pleaded guilty to federal bribery charges
for soliciting money while in office from potential city contractors in exchange
for his support of their bids. He was sentenced to 18 months in prison.

In this investigation, the only publicly known specific allegation at this point
involves current Mayor David Woods.

About two months ago, Banks and Paulin paid a visit to Johnnie Gray at his East
Palo Alto youth boxing gym, which closed last week when his landlord wouldn't
renew his lease. The pair wanted to check out a story they'd heard about Gray
and Woods. Gray gave them his version:

Woods, a real estate broker, told Gray he knew a developer who wanted to donate
to Gray's program. He instructed Gray to come up with a list of needs. At first,
Gray demurred, saying he didn't have room for more equipment, but later said he
could use the money for uniforms, boxing shoes and a few other things for the
kids.

The total? $6,200, a number Gray said he thought was probably too steep. Woods
allegedly told Gray it wasn't a problem; he'd have a check for him in a week. It
never came. Finally, Gray said, he followed Woods into his office and asked for
the check.

Gray recalled it this way: "He said, `Yeah, I got it, but I had to spend it. But
don't worry about it. I'm the mayor. I'll take care of it. If anything needs to
be voted on, for your program, I'll take care of you.' "

That was about a year ago, Gray said. He finally made his allegation public at a
recent council meeting.

Lawson, the city attorney, said he "urged Mayor Woods to respond to it," but it
appears he hasn't.

Woods did not return several calls last week and this week. City Manager Alvin
James did not return messages left Monday and Tuesday.

But Lawson, who said he has not yet been contacted by the inspectors, expects
James would have the same message for them as he would - investigate away.

"I'm sure the city manager would open his office to any kind of scrutiny by the
DA's office or anybody else," Lawson said, "and I would do that with my office
as well. Have at it."

Contact Dan Reed at dreed@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5771.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 26, 2007 Tuesday

DA's office: Top East Palo Alto officials subject of inquiry

BYLINE: By Dan Reed Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Peninsula; Communities; Politics; Breaking

LENGTH: 706 words


Has corruption infected East Palo Alto's government? Or are recent allegations
of wrongdoing - leveled against the mayor, city manager, city attorney and a
couple of staffers - simply unfounded accusations arising from the city's often
volcanic politics?

No one from the San Mateo County District Attorney's Office, however, is saying
much about the substance of those claims, which could lead to a criminal probe.

What is known is that a pair of inspectors from the prosecutor's office have
spent the past few weeks investigating allegations of "potentially some
mismanagement or inappropriate conduct in the running of the city," Chief Deputy
District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said.

And so far, Wagstaffe added, except for one specific accusation of financial
wrongdoing against the mayor, none of the allegations stems from a single act,
but rather from several "general" claims.

"They are in the preliminary stage of taking a look at things," Wagstaffe said
of the inspectors, Russ Banks and Thomas Paulin. "We have allegations made of
some potential misconduct and we are taking a look to see if it warrants a
criminal investigation."

Neither Banks nor Paulin would comment. There is no timetable on when a decision
to launch a more formal probe might be reached.

Of the three officials under investigation and named by the prosecutor's office,
only City Attorney Michael Lawson would talk about it with the Mercury News.

Lawson sought to put the whole matter into the context of the emotional and
sometimes wacky world of the city's politics.

"East Palo Alto is a very highly politicized environment," he said this week.
"Council meetings are frequently loud, raucous, undisciplined, and accusations
are made of criminal misconduct by council members or staff."

At last Tuesday's meeting, he said, things were as wild as ever.

"People were standing up and shouting at each other," Lawson said. "There was a
member of the community who was shouting at the mayor. The volume was so high
that the police had to come."

Sometimes, however, the allegations aren't just smoke from East Palo Alto's
overheated political environment.

In May 2001, former Mayor R.B. Jones pleaded guilty to federal bribery charges
for soliciting money while in office from potential city contractors in exchange
for his support of their bids. He was sentenced to 18 months in prison.

In this investigation, the only specific allegation at this point involves
current Mayor David Woods.

About two months ago, Banks and Paulin paid a visit to Johnnie Gray at his East
Palo Alto youth boxing gym, which closed last week when his landlord wouldn't
renew his lease. The pair wanted to check out a story they'd heard about Gray
and Woods. Gray gave them his version:

Woods, a real estate broker, told Gray he knew a developer who wanted to donate
to Gray's program. He instructed Gray to come up with a list of needs. At first,
Gray demurred, saying he didn't have room for more equipment, but later said he
could use the money for uniforms, boxing shoes and a few other things for the
kids.

The total? $6,200, a number Gray said he thought was probably too steep. Woods
allegedly told Gray it wasn't a problem; he'd have a check for him in a week. It
never came. Finally, Gray said, he followed Woods into his office and asked for
the check.

Gray recalled it this way: "He said, `Yeah, I got it, but I had to spend it. But
don't worry about it. I'm the mayor. I'll take care of it. If anything needs to
be voted on, for your program, I'll take care of you."

That was about a year ago, Gray said. He finally made his allegation public at a
recent council meeting.

Lawson, the city attorney, said he "urged Mayor Woods to respond to it," but it
appears he hasn't.

Woods did not return several calls last week and this week. City Manager Alvin
James did not return messages left Monday and Tuesday.

But Lawson, who said he has not yet been contacted by the inspectors, expects
James would have the same message for them as he would - investigate away.

"I'm sure the city manager would open his office to any kind of scrutiny by the
DA's office or anybody else," Lawson said, "and I would do that with my office
as well. Have at it."

Contact Dan Reed at dreed@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5771.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    February 19, 2004 Thursday FINAL EDITION

SENATORS WANT TOUGHER BITE FOR JAIL WATCHDOGS

BYLINE: MARK GLADSTONE, TIMES SACRAMENTO BUREAU WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 322 words


SACRAMENTO -- The state's independent prison watchdog would be given broad new
powers to root out wrongdoing in prisons and to disclose the findings under
legislation introduced Wednesday by two senators who are pushing to reform
California's sprawling corrections system.

The Office of the Inspector General, which oversees investigations in adult and
juvenile prisons, has been criticized for lacking the power to expose
mismanagement and prosecute wrongdoing.

Under proposals introduced by Democratic Sens. Jackie Speier of San Mateo and
Gloria Romero of Rosemead, the watchdog office would be required to refer cases
to state or local prosecutors if criminal wrongdoing is found by investigators.
Also, the inspector general would be given a 10-year term appointment in an
attempt to insulate the office from politics.

Speier said the legislation "gives the office teeth, funding and independence."

Last month, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger initially proposed putting the office
under the Youth and Adult Correctional Agency, which it is supposed to monitor,
because it had failed to do its intended job. His proposal, however, drew
complaints from lawmakers and prison reformers because the inspector general's
office had identified tens of millions of dollars in waste at prisons and had
exposed violence and mistreatment in youth and adult institutions.

Schwarzenegger also fired the acting inspector general, John Chen, on the eve of
legislative hearings last month. They were held in the wake of a critical report
by a federal court monitor that raised questions about whether the Department of
Corrections could properly police itself.

Schwarzenegger persisted in calling the obscure agency a waste but reversed
himself earlier this month. He indicated that he would increase the $2.8 million
annual budget -- which lawmakers had cut from a high of $11 million -- and keep
the agency independent.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      March 11, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

KPMG agrees to pay $125M U.S. to settle Rite Aid lawsuit

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Business; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 289 words

DATELINE: CAMP HILL, Pennsylvania

CAMP HILL, Pennsylvania -- KPMG LLP, the world's third-largest accounting firm,
agreed to pay $125 million to settle a suit filed by shareholders of Rite Aid
Corp., which restated $1.6 billion in profits in 2000.

KPMG, the former auditors for Rite Aid, the No. 3 drugstore chain in the U.S.,
denied wrongdoing. The accounting firm said it was settling to avoid protracted
litigation costs. Three former top officers face a trial in June on charges of
accounting fraud, and a fourth has pleaded guilty.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission called the accounting fraud at Rite
Aid one of the most egregious ever and filed a civil suit against the three
former officers. KPMG resigned as the company's auditor in November 1999.

"The federal indictments of former Rite Aid management in June 2002, which
included charges of lying to and misleading KPMG, affirm our position that Rite
Aid represents a clear example of an auditing firm being victimized by company
management," KPMG said in a statement.

A spokeswoman for Rite Aid, Jody Cook, had no immediate comment on the
settlement.

Attorneys for the shareholders, William Fredericks and David Bershad, at Milberg
Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach in New York, could not be reached for comment.

Rite Aid's former chief executive officer Martin Grass, ex-chief counsel
Franklin Brown, and former chief financial officer Frank Bergonzi were indicted
last June on charges of obstructing justice and running an accounting fraud.
Former president Timothy Noonan pleaded guilty and will testify against the
other three.

An indictment alleged that Rite Aid boosted its share price by 306 per cent from
1995 through 1999 by overstating income and understating expenses.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

BYRD DEFENDS REFUSING TO SETTLE;
Ex-Ambassadors CFO adamant on innocence

BYLINE: Tom Sowa toms@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5492

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 566 words


After being one of three Ambassadors Group executives sued in 2009 over
allegedly providing inaccurate financial information, former Chief Financial
Officer Chadwick Byrd could have taken the simple and safe route.

He could have signed a $7.5 million settlement with the investor group that
filed the class action suit, as his two former colleagues did. That choice would
have left Byrd with no admission of wrongdoing and no damages to pay, since the
settlement was covered by insurance.

However Byrd, 39, refused to be part of the settlement between Ambassadors, a
Spokane-based, publicly traded company that promotes student and professional
travel, and Plumbers Union Local 12 Pension Fund, the stockholder group that
sued him in U.S. District Court.

He said he's done nothing wrong.

Ambassadors Group CEO Jeff Thomas and Executive Vice President Margaret Thomas
were sued along with Byrd, and both have signed the settlement, which followed a
court-requested arbitration.

The suit alleged the executives in 2007 gave inaccurate reports on the company's
declining business. As a result, investors were left holding stock that fell in
value dramatically as the company's financial picture worsened, the suit said.

In settling the case, Margaret and Jeff Thomas - who are married - admitted no
wrongdoing.

Byrd was CFO at Ambassadors between 2005 and late 2009, when he left the
company.

Byrd is still a defendant but has no plans to sign the final settlement, which
was approved by Judge Justin Quackenbush recently.

The court gave the parties until Nov. 30 to file final comments. When the judge
signs the settlement, Byrd will be dismissed from the suit, said Byrd's Seattle
attorney, Stellman Keehnel.

"This is something you don't see all that often," said John Grant, the San
Francisco lead attorney representing the plumbers union in the lawsuit.

"Usually a person in this kind of case will stipulate to the settlement, and the
settlement will include language that says 'No wrongdoing is acknowledged,'"
Grant said.

But Byrd all along has said he cannot do that.

"It's important that CFOs do things the right way. ... I've been clear from the
start I never did anything wrong," Byrd said.

He said his professional career has suffered from being named a defendant. He
looked for work through a Seattle company that recruits financial executives;
they told him they'd be glad to help him, but only after the Ambassadors
settlement is concluded, he said.

Keehnel, Byrd's attorney, said Byrd gains a clear benefit by refusing to sign
the settlement.

In job applications when facing the question, "Have you ever been sued?" Byrd
will have to say yes.

"But when the next question follows, 'How was that suit resolved?' he can say,
'I was dismissed,' whereas others (in this suit) will have to answer 'The suit
was settled,'" Keehnel said.

After leaving Spokane, Byrd moved to the Phoenix area where he started two
companies that arrange sports tours for tennis players and golfers. Both draw on
his work with Ambassadors; his customers pay to go to major events, such as the
Australian Open, and while on tour, they also play tennis, or golf and receive
professional coaching.

Of the $7.5 million to be paid to the investors, roughly 25 percent will go for
attorneys' costs and fees, Grant said. How much each shareholder receives
depends on the number of shares owned and when they were sold.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Contractor accused of billing Metro for giving lifts to dead clients

BYLINE: Luz Lazo

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 978 words


A Metro contractor billed the transit agency for MetroAccess services it did not
provide - including transporting services to customers who were dead, had died,
according to a settlement announced Wednesday.

In a lawsuit filed in February 2013 and settled in May of this year, MV
Transportation also was accused of charging Metro for the use of
wheelchair-accessible vehicles on trips taken by customers who did not need
wheelchairs.  The rate for trips that require wheelchair-accessible service is
$65, nearly twice as much as non-wheelchair trips.

Dallas-based MV Transportation agreed to pay $184,000 for the "billing errors"
but did not admit to wrongdoing, company spokeswoman Nikki Frenney-Wiggins said
in a statement.

MV Transportation is one of five companies that Metro contracts with to run
MetroAccess, the region's door-to-door paratransit service for the elderly and
people with disabilities.

The company is alleged to have "submitted inaccurate invoices for reimbursement
for MetroAccess transportation services that charged for trips taken by
customers who were known or should have been known by MV Transportation to be
deceased," according to the complaint filed by two former employees three years
ago and investigated by the U.S.  Justice Department, the District, Maryland and
Virginia.

Frenney-Wiggins said that MV Transportation relied heavily on subcontractors to
conduct the services and that "at times, there were issues promptly conveying
updates to passenger information from the subcontractor to MV to WMATA which led
to billing errors."

The settlement agreement resolves claims that the contractor falsely billed
Metro between Jan. 1, 2005, and Dec. 31, 2013. During that time, Metro paid MV
Transportation about $168 million for providing paratransit services in the
District, Maryland and Virginia, according to the company.

"We expect that our taxpayers' contributions will be used for the benefit of
riders, not lost to fraudulent billing practices," Virginia Attorney General
Mark R. Herring (D) said in a joint statement with his counterparts from the
District and Maryland. "I'm proud we were able to work with our partners in
Maryland, the District of Columbia, and the federal government to investigate
and resolve these allegations, and riders can be sure that we will remain
vigilant in protecting their investment in Metro."

The investigation began after two former MV Transportation drivers filed a
complaint alleging wrongdoing by the company and other MetroAccress contractors.
The complaint was filed under the False Claims Act, which protects
whistleblowers who denounce a contractor that is defrauding the government.

The settlement was first reported by the Hill.

Federal and local investigators uncovered instances in which the company
defrauded Metro, said Robert Marus, a spokesman with the Office of the Attorney
General in the District.

"They were charging for so-called canceled trips for riders who had passed away
much earlier," he said. Under the contract, he said, MV Transportation was
allowed to bill for services provided when a MetroAccess van was dispatched to a
home and the passenger did not show up.

He said the company was aware that riders had died but still sent the services
to the door and billed Metro for those cancellations. The company, he said, also
sent wheelchair-accessible vehicles when the services were for passengers who
they knew would not need them.

"Drivers will often arrive at a pick up location, only to be told by a family
member or co-resident, if the pick up location is a senior citizen or disabled
person, that the patron scheduled to be picked up has passed away," the
complaint said. "Drivers report back to their supervisors orally and in writing
when a patron passes away and can no longer use MetroAccess services.

"However, Defendants intentionally fail or failed to cancel subsequent scheduled
pick ups for deceased patrons for weeks or more and charge WMATA for the
deceased patrons' pick ups."

Under the settlement, the District will get $35,831; Maryland, $92,000; and
Virginia, $22,531. The two former van drivers will receive $27,612.

Since the allegations, MV Transportation has continued to provide services to
Metro, but the company no longer provides transportation services.  MV
Transportation manages MetroAccess call center operations under a five-year, $82
million contract that ends in 2018.

Metro spokeswoman Sherri Ly said in a statement that while Metro was not a party
in the lawsuit, it cooperated fully with the Justice Department investigation.

"Metro takes allegations of fraud seriously and has a monitoring process and
internal controls in place to prevent and detect fraud," she said.

Attorney Brian Joseph Markovitz of Joseph, Greenwald & Laake, PA, who
represented the two workers who first brought the case, said the settlement is
good news for the region, especially in light of Metro's recent financial and
operation troubles.

"Whenever anybody takes money away from the budget under false pretenses, it
hurts all of us," Markovitz said. "It was really important that my clients came
forward and reported what they saw."

MetroAccess provides about 2 million trips annually at a price tag of about $121
million - of which more than 90 percent is paid for by subsidies from the
jurisdictions served by Metro. The transit agency projects that MetroAccess -
now the nation's fifth largest paratransit service, with 675 vehicles - could
add at least 1 million trips and more than $50 million in operating expenses in
the next decade. It is one of Metro's most expensive services.

Marus said the case should serve as a reminder that the region's attorneys
general  "will be vigilant to ensure that taxpayers' funds are not misused. We
will bring actions like this against contractors or any other individual or
organization that cheats our taxpayers."

lazol@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                August 28, 2011

Iris Robinson near to being cleared

SECTION:

LENGTH: 247 words


THE wife of the North's First Minister has one final hurdle to jump before she
is finally cleared of any public wrongdoing over her affair with Kirk McCambley
three years ago.

Iris Robinson could still be called before Stormont's Standards and Privileges
Committee even though a report from Deloitte completely cleared her of any
wrongdoing when Castlereagh Borough Council awarded Mr McCambley a catering
contract in 2008.

A copy of the report was emailed to Mrs Robinson at her home in Florida, where
she is holidaying with her husband Peter.

Mrs Robinson secretly raised £50,000 from two wealthy builders to provide Mr
McCambley with the funds to start the business at a time when she was a
Castlereagh Councillor.

Last Thursday, Castlereagh Borough Council announced that a report it had
commissioned from Deloitte had completely cleared Mrs Robinson of any wrongdoing
when it awarded a catering contract to Mr McCambley in August 2008.

Mrs Robinson approached Fred Fraser and another builder, Ken Campbell, for loans
to help Mr McCambley set up the restaurant, but when Mr Robinson found out about
the deal after overhearing a conversation, he insisted the money be repaid to
both men as soon as possible.

Mr Robinson has always denied that either he or his wife committed any
wrongdoing in relation to land deals and in their associations with wealthy
builders, including Mr Fraser, who provided some of the £50,000 of funding to
enable Mr McCambley to open the Lock Keeper's Inn.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Code of ethics reflects sound principles;
A healthy ethical environment means a company can have a good financial standing

SECTION: WORKPLACE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 684 words


Ethical conduct in the workplace is of the utmost importance. Infusing a culture
of moral sensitivity throughout an organisation is not just in line with the
survival of society, it is also key to the survival of the business.

This is according to Kay Vittee, chief executive officer of Quest Staffing
Solutions, who says unscrupulous dealings can result in job losses, companies
can be forced to shut their doors and individual and corporate reputations can
be ruined.

"It is particularly destructive when the organisation's leaders are guilty of
breaches of ethics, because of their influence and wide- reaching reputation as
role models in business, you may remember the names Enron and Bernie Madoff,"
she says.

Here are some real-world examples of bad business ethics:

l Enron is a well-known example of wilful corporate fraud and corruption. The
Enron Corporation was an American energy, commodities, and services company
based in Houston, Texas. At the end of 2001, it was revealed that Enron went
bankrupt for using unethical and fraudulent financial accounting practices.
Before its bankruptcy, Enron employed approximately 20 000 employees.

l Bernie Madoff fleeced thousands of people and will go down in history as the
architect of America's biggest Ponzi scheme. Madoff convinced thousands of
investors to hand over their savings, falsely promising consistent profits in
return.

He was caught in December 2008 and charged with 11 counts of fraud, money
laundering, perjury, and theft. He was sentenced to 150 years in prison.

Vittee believes it starts at the top, "leaders who value justice and fairness
can positively impact the practice of ethical behaviour and serve as role models
for others to aspire to within the company. Systems and procedures should be
implemented within the business in order to put virtuous values into practice".

"Companies can dramatically improve their integrity by implementing effective
ethics and compliance programmes to reduce employee misconduct and improve every
key measure of workplace behaviour," she adds.

Drawing on data from the Ethics Research Centre's (ERC) recent National Business
Ethics Survey, the study also credits effective programmes and strong ethics
cultures for making it more likely that employees will report wrongdoing when
they see it.

Nearly nine out of 10 employees, 87 percent - who observe violations at large
companies with effective programmes report those violations, compared to just 32
percent who report wrongdoing when programmes are lacking.

"This is significant because reporting is essential for identifying and
eliminating potential ethical risk," Vittee says.

For both large and small companies, the survey provides a snapshot of trends in
workplace ethics, and states that the percentage of companies providing ethics
training rose from 74 percent to 81 percent between 2011 and 2013. Two-thirds of
companies - 67 percent - included ethical conduct as a performance measure in
employee evaluations, up from 60 percent in 2011.

Almost three out of four companies - 74 percent - communicated internally about
disciplinary actions when wrongdoing occurs.

Five key steps to creating and maintaining an ethical environment:

l Ensure that you're reinforcing the ethical behaviour expected in all
activities such as training, performance reviews, mentoring and discipline
processes.

l Practice zero tolerance. Implement appropriate consequences for bad behaviour
and praise good behaviour.

l The values you hope to establish should be well defined in the form of a
manual, displayed on the walls and in detailed induction and recruiting
literature.

l Be accountable and learn from mistakes. Be certain that as a manager your
conduct models what you expect from your employees and vendors.

l Creating and enforcing the business code should be at the heart of the
company.

"Having a code of ethics for your business is important because it communicates
how you want your company to grow and thrive in the future. A healthy ethical
environment equals a healthy financial bottom line," concludes Vittee.

l Visitwww.quest.co.za for more information.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Brentwood couple files suit over son's death while serving the Peace Corps

BYLINE: By Karen Rarey Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 823 words


BRENTWOOD -- A local couple has filed a $15 million tort claim with the Peace
Corps in the wrongful death of their son, who lost his life last year after an
alleged host of medical missteps by the federal agency known for promoting world
peace.

Brentwood residents David and Sue Castle lost their 23-year-old son, Nicholas in
February of 2013 to what was then considered an unknown illness. Nicholas, a
2012 UC Berkeley graduate, died while serving as a Peace Corps volunteer in the
Republic of China.

"It's been over 18 months since Nick died, and we were told that there was a
report that was going to be done by the Inspector General's Office," Sue Castle
said. "It was something we should have had three to six months after Nick died.
We were finally told after a year that the report was just going to be one page
of nothing really -- no criminal wrongdoing. We never suspected any criminal
wrongdoing, but we were expecting them to investigate the circumstances of
Nick's illness."

When contacted, Peace Corps officials shed little light on the matter.

"I cannot say when the report will be finished, but I can tell you it remains an
ongoing matter for our office," Jeffrey Reichert, an inspector with the Peace
Corps Office of Inspector General, wrote in an email.

"The Peace Corps' release of information has been extraordinarily slow and
incomplete," said Todd Emanuel, attorney for wrongful death action suit filed by
the Castle family. "This is inexcusable."

With the two-year deadline to file an administrative claim quickly approaching,
Emanuel was brought on board and filed the federal tort claim on Aug. 4.

The claim states, "Nicholas Castle died as a result of negligent, careless and
reckless medical care and treatment provided to him by the United States Peace
Corps and the acts and omissions of Dr. Jin Gao."

"Nick Castle's death was solely the result of reckless medical care," Emanuel
said. "Any first-year medical student could see that his constellation of
symptoms required intravenous fluids and antibiotics that were readily available
to the Peace Corps medical staff."

According to the Root Cause Analysis done by the United States Peace Corps
Office of Health Services, the contributing factors in the death of Nicholas
Castle were:

Uncertainty regarding functionality of portable blood pressure machine.

Delay in recognizing the severity of the situation when the blood pressure was
proved to be very low.

No clear medical leadership and multiple providers at the scene.

"Nick was fatigued and discolored. He was not keeping food down," Emanuel said.
"He had dangerously low blood volume, low urine output, and diarrhea. He was
laying in his own vomit. If the Peace Corps had competently acted upon these red
flags, Nick would have been back to normal health within two days."

When Nick left for Peace Corps training on June 29, 2012, he was a healthy
5-foot-8-inch, 130-pound young man with his whole life ahead of him, according
to his parents.

"I have all of Nick's pre-entrance medical records, and there was no underlying
disease, and the autopsy didn't find anything," Sue Castle, a former nurse,
said. "He had to have everything done: EKG, chest X-rays, he had to have
fillings replaced in his teeth."

According to the autopsy conducted at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Feb.
24, 2013, "Mr. Castle's approximate cause of death is most probably viral
gastroenteritis of unknown etiology that resulted in severe dehydration,
multi-organ failure and ended with cerebral edema and acute pneumonia."

"After we receive the inspector general's report, we will determine what further
legal action to pursue," Emanuel said. "The Peace Corps' failures that led to
Nick's death need to be fully addressed, as well as the apparent systemic
failures that continue to endanger their volunteers."

The Castles also are reaching out to their congressmen and senators, in hopes
that they can help get changes made in the Peace Corps.

"I am trying to contact them to get them to support -- whether it's to support
the Peace Corps caucus or the Peace Corps funding," Sue Castle said.

She added that she and her husband recently met Congressman Sam Farr, D-Santa
Cruz, a former Peace Corps volunteer, who entered into the congressional record
her son's service and recognized him for his volunteer work.

"It's kind of ironic that before (Nick) went in, he had to have record after
record to be submitted, you know; it's like a small telephone book," Sue Castle
said. "And then once you're in, the record-keeping is extremely minimal --
there's, like, nothing."

This has prompted the Castles to ask for changes in the way medical records are
documented for Peace Corps volunteers.

"I support the Peace Corps' mission -- my son loved the Peace Corps, he loved
what he was doing -- and I feel that there needs to be more support for the
volunteers," she said. "We've just been really disappointed by the Peace Corps
and how they've treated us."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nick Castle (Peace Corps)
Nick Castle at Fanjing Mountain in Tongren, China where he volunteered for the
Peace Corps. (Peace Corps)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

VETERAN WHO WAS SECRETLY VIDEOTAPED AT HALEY DIES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 165 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A severely brain-damaged veteran who was secretly videotaped with a camera
disguised as a smoke alarm at the James A. Haley VA Medical Center died Monday,
according to his family.

Air Force veteran Joseph Carnegie died of natural causes in the Atlanta area. He
was 82.

The smoke-detector camera was installed in Carnegie's Haley room in June 2012,
the family said, after they threatened the hospital with litigation over what
they believed was poor care at Haley.

The VA's inspector general cleared the Tampa hospital of any wrongdoing and said
facility officials installed the camera because they believed the family was
interfering with Carnegie's nursing care. But hospital officials had told the
Tampa Bay Times they did not suspect the family of any wrongdoing.

Carnegie had a heart attack in 2011 that caused brain damage while being treated
at a South Florida VA hospital for an infection. Carnegie, who was vacationing
in Florida, later transferred to Haley, in part to be closer to home.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 10, 2010 Monday

Minnesota Supreme Court Case Summaries: May 10, 2010

BYLINE: Minnesota Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 861  words


Supreme Court

Civil Opinions

Unallotment

Statutory Authority Exceeded

The executive branch exceeded its authority under Minn. Stat. sec. 16A.152,
subd. 4 (2008) by using that statute to balance the budget through reducing
allotments before the budget-making process was completed.

Because we decide this case on statutory grounds, we do not address the
constitutionality of the unallotment action or statute.

Affirmed.

Concurring, Page, J. Justice Page writes separately "to highlight [his] concern
that the unallotment statute confers on the executive branch such broad and
uncircumscribed authority to rewrite legislative spending decisions that it may
constitute an unlawful delegation of legislative authority in violation of the
separation of powers principle in our constitution. "

Justice Paul H. Anderson joins in the concurrence of Justice Page and writes
separately. "[N]othing about my joining in Justice Page's concurrence should be
construed to diminish my support for the opinion of the majority, which I
support without reservation. "

Dissenting, Gildea, J. The majority "rewrites the statute to insert additional
conditions, and then finds that the Commissioner of Minnesota Management and
Budget . . . violated the statute because he did not comply with the conditions
the majority has added. . . . Because I would hold that the executive branch
complied with the plain language of the statute, and that respondents have not
met their burden to prove that the statute is unconstitutional, I respectfully
dissent. "

Justices G. Barry Anderson and Dietzen join in the dissent of Justice Gildea.

A10-0064 Brayton v. Pawlenty (Ramsey County)

Zoning and Land Use

Vested Rights; Signage

1. The plain terms of a stipulation and judgment between a property owner and a
municipality prohibit use of a sign that violates illumination standards under
the municipality's zoning ordinance.

2.The doctrine of vested rights does not apply when a landowner substantially
completes a project in reliance on an erroneously issued building permit.

Affirmed.

A08-0233 Halla Nursery, Inc. v. City of Chanhassen (Court of Appeals)

Criminal Opinions

Constitutional Law

Confrontation; Forfeiture by Wrongdoing

In Giles v. California, 128 S. Ct. 2678 (2008), the U.S. Supreme Court held that
the forfeiture-by-wrongdoing doctrine permits unconfronted testimony of a murder
victim into evidence only if there is a showing that the defendant killed the
declarant with the intent of preventing the declarant from testifying.

Because Giles changed the law in Minnesota regarding the standard for
application of the forfeiture-by-wrongdoing doctrine in a murder case, remand to
the District Court for an evidentiary hearing is required to assess whether
defendant forfeited his Confrontation Clause claim.

Remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

Dissenting, Page, J. Justice Page states that the court's decision rests on the
false conclusion that Giles announced a new rule of law changing the
requirements of the forfeiture-by-wrongdoing doctrine.

"Our court's reliance on [State v. Langley, 354 N.W.2d 389 (Minn. 1984)] in [its
prior opinion in this case] for the existence of an unwritten 'murder exception'
to the Confrontation Clause was absurd then, and our court's insistence that
until Giles Minnesota's Confrontation Clause standard was somehow different than
the rest of the country is equally absurd now. Having failed to raise or
establish at trial [defendant's] intent to prevent [the victim] from being a
witness at trial, the State is not entitled to a remand for a second bite at the
apple. "

Justice Paul H. Anderson joins in the dissent of Justice Page.

A06-1743 Minnesota v. Her (Ramsey County)

Orders

Arbitration

No-Fault; Conflict of Interest

Amendments to the Rules of Procedure for No-Fault Arbitration are promulgated to
be effective on June 1, 2010. The amendments clarify what constitutes a conflict
of interest.

ADM-09-8011 Order Promulgating Amendments to the Rules of Procedure for No-Fault
Arbitration

Civil Procedure

Amendments to Rules

Amendments to Rules 45 and 54 and Form 1-Summons of the Rules of Civil
Procedure, and to Rule 127 of the General Rules of Practice for the District
Courts, and the attached new Rule 25 of the Special Rules of Procedure Governing
Proceedings Under the Minnesota Commitment and Treatment Act are promulgated to
be effective on July 1, 2010.

The State Court Administrator is directed to make a form available on the
Judicial Branch website to facilitate taxation of costs and disbursements.

ADM04-8001, CX-1863, C4-94-1646 Promulgation of Amendments to the Rules of Civil
Procedure, the General Rules of Practice for the District Courts, and the
Special Rules of Procedure Governing Proceedings under the Minnesota Commitment
and Treatment Act

Commitment

Appeal Panel Appointments

Judges Joanne M. Smith, Kathleen Gearin, and Karen Asphaug are reappointed
members of the appeal panel. The Honorable Joanne Smith is reappointed Chief
Judge of the appeal panel.

Additional judges are reappointed as alternate members of the appeal panel.

ADM09-8003 In re Appointments to Appeal Panel Pursuant to Minn. Stat. sec.
253B.19, subd. 1 (2010)

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 25, 2006 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 592 words


Congressman seeks review of Red Cross

WASHINGTON - Pressed by Congress, the American Red Cross said Friday it is
investigating claims that volunteers engaged in widespread theft after Hurricane
Katrina.

"Any conduct that violates either the law or Red Cross code of conduct is not
tolerated," said spokesman Chuck Connor, adding that any criminal wrongdoing
uncovered by the group's conduct and ethics office will be turned over to law
enforcement officials.

Allegations of wrongdoing go far beyond what the statement said were "inevitable
... departures from standard procedures" after such a catastrophe, according to
the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, has threatened to rewrite or revoke the
organization's charter if it does not overhaul its operations.

In a statement Friday, Mr. Grassley said he hopes the Red Cross' investigation
will embrace whistleblowers and provide a top-to-bottom review of the group's
leadership, oversight and openness.

The New York Times reported Friday that more than a dozen Red Cross volunteers
described an organization that had few cost controls, little inventory oversight
and no system of background checks for volunteers.

Crash kills cattle, hurts pupils

WIGGINS, COLO. - A school bus collided with a cattle truck in heavy fog early
Friday, injuring four students and sending animals spilling onto a northeastern
Colorado highway in a chain-reaction wreck, officials said.

The bus turned onto U.S. Highway 34, right in front of the truck, state patrol
Trooper Sgt. Rob Marone said. He said the truck hit the bus and rolled, coming
to rest across the highway, where it was struck by two other vehicles.

Bus driver Janice Marick, 54, was ticketed for careless driving, authorities
said. The road was blocked as crews and veterinarians tended to the cattle, at
least 14 of which died, Master Trooper Ron Watkins said.

Photos arrive from Mars probe

LOS ANGELES - A high-resolution camera aboard NASA's latest spacecraft to reach
Mars sent back its first view of the planet from orbit, the space agency said
Friday.

The crisp test image from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter was taken Thursday at
an altitude of 1,547 miles and shows a 30.9-mile-by-11.7-mile area of the
planet's mid-latitude southern highlands. The mosaic of 10 side-by-side
exposures shows a cratered surface with ravine-like channels on both sides.

In other news

SOUTH DAKOTA ABORTION-RIGHTS activists said Friday they would challenge the
state's near-total ban on abortions by getting petition signatures. Signatures
from 16,728 registered voters are needed by June 19 to put an initiative for
repeal on the Nov. 7 ballot.

THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY could have legally monitored ordinarily
confidential communications between doctors and patients or attorneys and
clients, the Justice Department said Friday of its warrantless surveillance
program. The department also said it sees no prohibition to using collected
information in court.

AT LEAST THREE CRUDE BOMBS exploded and two others were disarmed Friday at the
homes of people who work for an FAA contractor in Grand Junction, Colo.,
prompting evacuation of the air traffic control tower at the city airport,
officials said. No injuries were reported.

RELATIVES OF THE MAN ACCUSED of trying to run down University of North Carolina
students in a pedestrian plaza described him as a gentle soul Friday after a
hearing in which Mohammed Taheri-azar, 22, faces nine charges of attempted
murder and assault with a deadly weapon.

- Edited from wire reportsby Amanda Holahan

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 13, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Computer Whiz Resurfaces To Build His Dreams

BYLINE: By PATRICK HEALY

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1840 words


Charles B. Wang waded into the business world in the 1970's as a nobody -- a son
of Chinese immigrants who had grown up in Queens, stocked supermarket shelves
and graduated from college with a solid C average.

Thirty years later, Mr. Wang had transformed himself into a multimillionaire
computer mogul and an icon of success and power on Long Island. His software
company, Computer Associates, employed thousands. He gave millions to charity.
He even bought the long-suffering New York Islanders hockey team, a purchase
akin to adopting a three-legged dog from the pound.

But when Mr. Wang left Computer Associates two years ago for a private life with
his wife and two young children on their North Shore estate, the company he had
built with his relentless personality was shaking at its foundations.

Federal agents are now investigating securities fraud and obstruction of justice
at the company. Mr. Wang faces no charges of wrongdoing, but since he retired in
November 2002, more than a dozen executives or managers have resigned, four have
pleaded guilty to wrongdoing, and Mr. Wang's successor and onetime close friend,
Sanjay Kumar, stepped down from the company this spring.

Mr. Wang, meanwhile, is emerging from the obscurity of his retirement with a new
face to present to Long Island: real estate developer.

He has been quietly buying land in the town of Oyster Bay for the past four
years, and this spring he went public with a plan to build condominiums, shops
and a four-story hotel on a 166-acre patch of land in Plainview near the Long
Island Expressway.

An elusive figure who fiercely guards his privacy, Mr. Wang, 59, would not
discuss the scope of his plans or his life after Computer Associates for this
article. But glimpses of his ambitions and ideas have emerged at packed public
meetings and civic events.

''I like to build things,'' Mr. Wang said in a brief telephone interview earlier
this year. ''I like to create. The 7-Elevens and strip malls haven't worked. We
have to keep rebuilding. Otherwise, it's just going to keep getting tired and
old.''

People who know Mr. Wang say he feels deeply rooted to Long Island and wants to
mold his legacy by reshaping development in the land that spawned sprawl. His
ambitions recall the era of William Levitt or Robert Moses.''He's thinking about
legacy,'' said Eric Alexander, president of the development group Vision Long
Island. ''Profit isn't the pure motive here. He's trying to create something
special.''

But first, Mr. Wang must woo, and butt heads with, Long Islanders. Instinctively
suspicious of any new development, they have let him know they are wary of his
plans and motives. Many -- including town officials and county legislators --
say they like his ideas, but some residents are already forming campaigns and
circulating petitions to protest his plans. Some describe him as a profiteer,
and say they worry about so much property in the hands of one man.

Mr. Wang made his fortune at Computer Associates by taking over rival companies
and digesting them, and some former colleagues say he has little patience with
people who doubt his vision or ideas.

Desmond Ryan, director of the Association for a Better Long Island, who called
Mr. Wang a ''flash in the pan'' developer, said the qualities of a ruthless
businessman easily falter before community meetings and town officials.

''When you're a shark in the merger and acquisition fields, local zoning is the
last thing in your mind,'' Mr. Ryan said. ''But when you're in the real estate
development business, it's all about local zoning and planning and development
boards.''

And because the new real estate projects run counter to traditional Long Island
subdivisions of single-family homes separating residential areas from
businesses, Mr. Wang will be all the more reliant on reservoirs of good will
from local politicians and the community, Mr. Ryan said.

And so, one swampy spring night, Mr. Wang and employees of his real estate
companies, Island Properties and Northern Bay Development, stood up in a packed
middle-school auditorium in Plainview and laid out their plans for a skeptical
audience.

The development, called Old Plainview, is modeled on a philosophy of ''new
urbanism,'' which says that communities succeed if high-density housing
apartments and townhouses are mixed in with businesses within walking distance
of residents' homes. Similar developments have been proposed elsewhere on Long
Island, and Suffolk County itself has been generally supportive of the concept.

Mr. Wang's development would dedicate many of the homes for elderly residents,
some at discounted prices, with some units set aside for young families.
Businesses and a hotel would be positioned like a mini-downtown in the center of
the property. Rental apartments and larger, supermarket-size stores would sit
across a four-lane road on an adjoining plot of land.

''We're creating a village,'' Abraham Poznanski, an executive with Island
Properties, said in an interview. ''This is the wave of the future, to undo some
of the bad planning that's been done out here. I think that's what Charles wants
to do.''

Not everyone is on board. Lee Koppelman, director of the Long Island Regional
Planning Board, has expressed concern about whether the area can tolerate the
traffic that would come with hundreds of new residents. Linda Ragin, a Plainview
resident, said Mr. Wang's vision of a hotel, businesses and dense condos was too
grand -- just too much -- for the area.

At present the site is occupied by a handful of four-story county buildings,
parking lots and defunct industrial businesses. Most of it, however, remains
undeveloped open space.

Other residents at the meeting bristled at the idea that the single-family
development models that have persisted in the suburbs needed to be rethought.
''Our community is wonderful,'' said Adrian Mellina of Bethpage. ''I don't think
it needs to be saved. Everybody I speak to says the same thing.''

As residents stood up to ask about traffic, the new businesses and the prices of
new homes, grumbles began to crescendo.

''Aw, he doesn't know what he's talking about,'' huffed one man.

''I just don't approve of what you're doing to our sleepy community,'' a woman
told Mr. Wang.

After an outburst from the crowd, Mr. Poznanski said, ''Um, we're getting some
boos and heckles here.''

Mr. Wang, dressed as usual in a double-breasted suit and silk tie, then took the
lectern and calmed the audience with his blunt style and bona fide New York
accent. He joked about his hockey team's fortunes and told the audience, yes, he
wanted to make money off the development, but he would hear them out and address
their concerns as he pushed his latest Long Island project forward.

Having to prove himself is nothing new. After Mr. Wang graduated from Queens
College with a mathematics degree and worked at a few computer-programming jobs,
Mr. Wang and three friends in 1976 launched what would become Computer
Associates.

Mr. Wang's company, which began as the U.S. subsidiary of a large Swiss firm,
did not design popular programs like Microsoft's Windows systems, but developed
mainframe technologies and programs that kept computer networks humming.
Analysts said the company's strategy wasn't to make the best software, but
instead to buy the companies that made it.

Through a relentless series of buyouts and mergers, Mr. Wang built the company
into a $3 billion software maker with 15,000 employees. It started in Manhattan,
but after a series of moves, Mr. Wang decided to establish the company's
headquarters in a seven-story, blue-glass office building in Islandia, Suffolk
County.

The move to Suffolk-- one sweetened with millions of dollars in tax breaks and
incentives -- first sparked Mr. Wang's interest in real estate, business
associates have said.

''It couldn't have come at a better time,'' said a former Suffolk County
executive, Patrick Halpin. ''The defense industry was laying off people in
droves, and the high-tech industry was growing in leaps and bounds.''

The company became known for its aggressive expansion and a simple ethic that
prized hard work. Some customers of Computer Associates and other executives on
Long Island grumbled that Mr. Wang was difficult to work with. ''There is this
condescending arrogance coupled with this attitude of entitlement that permeates
everything he does,'' Mr. Ryan said.

Mr. Wang quickly became known on Long Island, too. He donated $40 million to the
State University of at Stony Brook, gave to churches, health clubs and ballparks
-- about 60 projects in all, said Paul Lancey, a vice president of the New York
Islanders, which Mr. Wang, with Mr. Kumar, bought in 2000. He also owns the
Dragons, an arena football team.

''He's part of the fabric here,'' Mr. Lancey said.

Today, Computer Associates' private buses are familiar sights on the highways.
The company has adopted a stretch of highway. And Mr. Wang, though often wary of
joining traditional business organizations, began putting his name on community
centers and university buildings.

Stories abound about his passion for playing basketball, his penchant for blunt
speech. People read about him in Newsweek and say hello at the supermarket

Mark Wasilko, an executive who left Computer Associates in the mid-90's, said
the development plans will spread the Wang trademark.

''It's another way for him to put his brand on the Island,'' Mr. Wasilko said.
''The more visibility for him, the better he likes it.'

By the time Mr. Wang retired in 2002, saying he was ready for something else,
his profile at the company had dimmed. He had already handed over control of the
company to Mr. Kumar and was coming into the office less and less. ''He really
withdrew,'' said Nitsan Hargil, an analyst at Friedman, Billings, Ramsey who
follows Computer Associates. ''There was a lot of feeling in the air that the
company was going to run into trouble, and that getting Wang out of the way
would clear things up.''

Mr. Ryan said that the clouds lingering over those who remained at Computer
Associates may be casting shadows on Mr. Wang, keeping some politicians from
getting too close to his real estate aspirations.

But Mitchell H. Pally, the vice president for government affairs at the Long
Island Association, said most people are more concerned about Mr. Wang's ability
to produce a winning Islanders record than the troubles at Computer Associates.

For now, residents in Oyster Bay are waiting. Mr. Wang's property companies own
more than 70 industrial sites, businesses, homes and vacant lots throughout the
town, but Oyster Bay Supervisor John Venditto said the town had received only
two applications for zoning changes from Mr. Wang's firm.

''We still have a long way to go,'' Mr. Venditto said about the plans for Oyster
Bay. ''Charles, he's cautious. He had concerns about the hamlet. He's in a
position to make a difference, and he wants to make a difference. Is he going to
turn it into Charles Wang world? There seems to be a mixed reaction.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Charles Wang, real estate developer (Photo by Phil Marino for
The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   May 10, 1996, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Letters;
Courageous example

BYLINE: TERRY KRUGMAN; Decatur

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 720 words


Though all 13 defendants in the recent trial of the School of the Americas
protesters received prison terms, their determination and dedication to speak
out against injustice without concern for their personal safety is truly
inspirational. If we welcome into our community the military training of
murderers and rapists because it bolsters the local economy, what price
prosperity? What kind of people are we? If we want to build a just society and
help our neighbors in Latin America do the same, we should look to the example
set by the SOA 13 and not to those who prance about Fort Benning in combat
fatigues.

Prisons and crime
The Rev. ANNE SAYRE

At last, the Corrections Board and Commissioner Wayne Garner have got it right.
They are changing the names of "correctional institutions" to "prisons. "
Correction means punishment to correct faults. Today in Georgia prisons, very
little is going on to correct faults. Instead, the philosophy is to warehouse
offenders to show we are tough on crime.

We are spending millions of dollars of taxpayers' money to build prisons we
can't afford to adequately staff, in which we can't or won't provide adequate
programs to rehabilitate the prisoners whose lives could be changed. As is often
the case, we are diverting scarce funds to treat symptoms instead of the
illnesses of poverty, racism, alienation and violence afflicting society.

Sayre is the Presbytery of Greater Atlanta associate for justice and women.

It takes two
BRUCE E. WHITE, Tucker

A letter writer asked, "What does the liberal media machine see in Bill Clinton
that would make them. . . . try to defend him? Never have we had such a morally
and maybe criminally corrupt president." The writer failed to remember the
betrayal of the public trust by recent conservative presidents. The Reagan
administration was easily the most corrupt in history. President Bush gave
Americans the savings and loan scandal. And who can forget that little Nixon
thing called Watergate?

What the so-called liberal media see, and what polls show a majority of the
American people see, in President Clinton is simple. He's the only thing
standing between Americans and the pointless and endlessly futile attacks
against them initiated by a Republican Congress. Despite countless charges, the
far right has not produced a single scrap of hard evidence supporting any of its
contentions against President Clinton.

Conservatives' politically motivated attacks on the president pale in comparison
with the betrayals inflicted on America by their leaders while in national
office. Moral posturing by conservatives would be more effective if they could
control their own immoral behavior.

Due unto others
RICHARD M. FINK, Duluth

The letter "Pick on someone else" left me a little puzzled with the comment,
"What African-Americans want is what is due." What does that mean? Regardless of
the hyphen one hides behind, the only thing any American is due is life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness. Anything else one has to go out and earn.

Left of the op-ed page
ROBERT E. WILLIAMS, Doraville

Tom Teepen has made some incredibly obtuse statements; however, his declaration
that "America doesn't have a left" in his column "Rush to label Unabom suspect"
has to be the most stupid pronouncement to flow from his liberal mind. Doesn't
he read the editorial section of his own newspaper?

Compassion for dying
MARY S. MILLER

Much praise should go to Margaret Kelso for her op-ed article "Victory of free
will" and to Dr. Jack Kevorkian. I have watched helplessly as patients died in
excruciating pain from cancer. Sufficient medication was not administered
because of the probability of creating a drug addict.

Other countries have long allowed their patients to die in comfort and dignity.
Why can't we do the same in terminal cases? We can do for our pets what can't be
done for our loved ones when they are experiencing extreme pain.

Miller, of Hiawasee, is a retired registered nurse.
Products of same era
DAVID McCULLOUGH, Smyrna

Columnist Colin Campbell argued that the Berkeley of the 1960s in some sense
spawned the Unabomber. In exactly the same sense, it spawned a play-it-safe
provincial sage in Campbell, who was there during the same period.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Government Penalizes Five Banks for Wrongdoing; Time Now for Criminal
Prosecutions

LENGTH: 455  words


Washington, D.C.: Public Citizen has issued the following news release:

Today, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) is penalizing five of the
world's largest banks for concerted efforts to manipulate global foreign
exchange markets - yet another reminder of the rampant criminality and
wrongdoing on Wall Street.

Strikingly, as the CFTC notes in understated fashion in its release, "[S]ome of
this [improper attempted manipulation of foreign exchange markets] conduct
occurred during the same period that the Banks were on notice that the CFTC and
other regulators were investigating attempts by certain banks to manipulate the
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interest rate benchmarks."

In other words, the banks were on notice that they were under investigation for
similar wrongdoing in another global financial market - and still continued with
the attempted manipulation of the foreign exchange market!

For too long, U.S. law enforcement agencies have been far too soft on Wall
Street lawbreakers. In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice has entered
into deferred prosecution or non-prosecution agreements with RBS, JPMorgan
Chase, UBS and HSBC, choosing not to prosecute these firms for large-scale
wrongdoing. The department has also agreed to high-profile civil settlements
with JPMorgan and Citigroup.

Completely absent has been serious criminal enforcement against the Wall Street
firms and Wall Street executives.

It's past time to say: Enough is enough. It's past time for the Justice
Department to enforce the law and hold the powerful to account.

Numerous published reports indicate that the Department of Justice is
considering criminal prosecutions of individuals responsible for the attempted
foreign exchange manipulation schemes. It is vital that the department pursue
these prosecutions, holding both top-level executives - not just lower-level
functionaries - and the firms themselves criminally liable.

And, if bank regulators tell the department that criminal prosecution of large
financial institutions would endanger the global financial system, then those
same regulators should act immediately to break up firms whose size affords them
immunity from criminal sanction.

Wall Street managed to escape criminal sanctions for wrongdoing that crashed the
global economy, and threw millions of out of their homes and tens of millions
out of work. If there is no criminal enforcement against Wall Street firms and
executives for wrongdoing, there is no justice for Main Street, and we're
virtually certain to see epic-scale misdeeds and epic-scale devastation yet
again.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Whistle-blower proposal moves forward in Groton

BYLINE: Deborah Straszheim, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Dec. 03--GROTON -- Interim Superintendent of Schools Sean McKenna said Monday he
would look into whistle-blower and complaint policies in other school districts
and speak to incoming Groton Superintendent Michael Graner about the best way to
handle complaints about suspected wrongdoing.

McKenna made the comments Monday during a meeting of the Groton Board of
Education's policy committee. The committee is considering a policy that would
require employees to file a written complaint if they see wrongdoing by another
employee, and would prohibit retaliation against those who file such complaints.
McKenna said he would also talk to administrators, including Norwich
Superintendent Abby Dolliver.

The discussion comes after the school board fired Superintendent Paul Kadri on
March 5 for alleged mistreatment of employees. Kadri was fired 10 months after
he was placed on leave, and the board ordered an investigation into claims he
was bullying, harassing and intimidating employees, most of them women.

Board members said Monday the proposed policy should specify exactly how one
files a complaint against the superintendent and exactly which complaints the
board hears.

It must be cautious about hearing complaints about teachers, for instance,
because it must remain impartial in case it presides over a termination hearing,
school board member Elizabeth Gianacoplos said.

But she said the board should hear any complaint about the superintendent.

"I think it would behoove us to have (a policy), and have it spelled out exactly
how it works," she said.

The proposed policy defines a complaint as "reporting what one reasonably and
genuinely believes is wrongdoing by way of unethical or unlawful conduct by
another employee, contractor, official or volunteer in the course of his or her
employment or service for the board."

Board member and policy committee chairwoman Patricia Doyle said she wants to
know what other districts do.

"I'd rather have a policy that's been tested somewhere else that works well,"
she said.

Board member Shelley Gardner, who was critical of the board's handling of the
Kadri situation, did not attend the meeting, but sent a statement via email
about the proposal.

"Time will tell what happens with the new (board) members," she wrote. "A policy
new or old will not matter if the (board) violates it," adding that they had
information long before Kadri was put on leave.

d.straszheim@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131203-NL-Whistle-blower-proposal-moves-forward-in-Groton-1203-20131203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2011 Tuesday

UNC sets self-imposed sanctions for NCAA infractions

BYLINE: Bob Sutton, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 602 words


Sept. 20--The University of North Carolina is vacating all victories from the
2008 and 2009 football seasons -- a total of 16 wins -- as part of self-imposed
punishment, the school announced Monday in its formal response to NCAA
allegations.

The penalties also include a reduction of nine scholarships, placing the program
on two years of probation, and payment of a $50,000 fine.

More penalties could be coming from the NCAA, which launched an investigation
into wrongdoings within the football program about 15 months ago. University
officials must appear before the NCAA infractions committee Oct. 28 in
Indianapolis.

"It was what we felt we should do," athletics director Dick Baddour said Monday
afternoon. "It's not (clear) that the NCAA would necessarily do more."

The penalties were outlined as part of 111-page report released Monday, which
was the day a response was due to the NCAA.

University chancellor Holden Thorp released a statement saying: "We have
acknowledged our violations, and we've responded in the way you would expect of
this university. We think that the sanctions we have proposed accept
responsibility and, at the same time, give our current and future
student-athletes and coaches every opportunity for success."

Much of the focus on the probe has involved football players receiving improper
benefits and academic wrongdoings. The report addresses the allegations
connected to former associate head coach John Blake, whose ties to the late Gary
Wichard, who was an NFL agent, became a sticking point during the investigation.

North Carolina had 8-5 records in both 2008 and 2009, losing bowl games each
season.

Baddour said a bowl ban doesn't seem warranted under the circumstances. The Tar
Heels have played in bowl games in each of the past three seasons.

"We decided that was not an appropriate self-imposed penalty," he said.

The school won't return bowl money from the 2008 and 2009 seasons, unless
ordered to do so, because those funds were used for bowl expenses, Baddour said.

The fine comes from what Baddour referred to as standard procedure for the NCAA
to assess a monetary penalty when athletes compete while ineligible.

Baddour said a significant number of changes to the university's student-athlete
mentor program are addressed in the report.

The university disputed the NCAA's assertion that the school failed to monitor
athletes' social networking activities. The school's response pointed out that
no NCAA member has ever been "found to have violated NCAA legislation due to an
alleged failure to monitor social networking activity."

Baddour said the document to the NCAA points out the school's disagreement on
that issue.

"We debated to just accept that," Baddour said. "We just decided that we had
done what could be expected of us and just felt we could not give in on that
point."

A television ban isn't included in the university's self-imposed penalties. The
school pointed out that the Atlantic Coast Conference oversees the TV rights for
its members and thus that issue wasn't further addressed.

Interim coach Everett Withers will attend the hearing next month, Baddour said,
as an NCAA requirement that the current head coach attend. Baddour declined to
respond on whether former coach Butch Davis, who was fired in July, will be
there.

NCAA officials returned to the Chapel Hill campus last week as a follow-up,
according to school officials. No details have emerged about any additional
links to the case against North Carolina.

___ (c)2011 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110920-BT-UNC-sets-self-imposed-sanctions-for-NCAA-infractions-0920-20110920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2011 Times-News


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 08, 2002, Wednesday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Reporting misconduct has board's initial okay

BYLINE: MELANIE AVE

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



School system employees who suspect wrongdoing but don't report it could be
disciplined, or even fired, under a new whistleblower policy that received
initial approval Tuesday night.

The unanimous vote by School Board members comes a few months after former
school administrator Doug Erwin went public with accusations of gross
mismanagement that embarrassed the board and spawned an outside audit.

If the new policy receives final approval following a public hearing,
Hillsborough will become one of only a handful of school districts nationwide
that have specific whistleblower requirements.

Superintendent Earl Lennard said the policy creates a formal process to bring
wrongdoing to light.

"It will not be tolerated in the school district at any level," he said.

But questions about the policy remain, including what kind of misconduct must be
reported and to whom. The policy also doesn't detail specific penalties for
noncompliance.

"It is the obligation and essential duty of an employee to report any and all
suspected acts of criminal conduct, mismanagement, unethical behavior or any
other inappropriate conduct," the policy states. " . . . The failure to make
such a report shall be grounds for disciplinary action against the employee."

Yvonne Lyons, director of the Hillsborough Classroom Teachers Association, said
she is uncomfortable with the idea of disciplining employees who fail to report
allegations.

"I feel uneasy about that," she said. "There would have to be substantial
evidence to show an employee had violated this policy."

School attorney Crosby Few said proving employees had knowledge of misconduct
could be difficult.

"It's basically an encouragement policy," he said.

Assistant superintendent Dan Valdes said the policy is designed to encourage
employees to report suspicions of wrongdoing that hurt the school district's
interests.

State law already safeguards the positions of people who report misuse of public
funds.

Once allegations are reported, the policy says an investigation should begin
within 30 days after officials determine results would yield significant
improvements in school operations.

A written report would be completed 60 days after the investigation and given to
the whistleblower, the School Board and appropriate local, state or federal
agencies.

Before the policy was approved, board member Joe Newsome, who was accused of
wrongdoing by Erwin, said he wanted to ensure whistleblowers who report false
information are punished.

"I'm concerned about somebody being falsely accused by a whistleblower," he
said. "I think there needs to be protection on both sides."

Valdes said employees who knowingly report wrong information could be
disciplined.

While writing the policy, officials surveyed other districts nationwide but
found only two in Florida - Leon and Palm Beach - and one in Texas that had a
whistleblower policy in place.

- Melanie Ave can be reached at (813) 226-3400 or melanie@sptimes.com.


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 4, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

Rivers Allegedly Steered D.C. Contract to Firm;
Partner in 'Sting' Denies Wrongdoing

BYLINE: Saundra Saperstein, Marcia Slacum Greene, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1053 words


Warren E. Barge Jr., the unwitting business partner in an FBI "sting" operation
central to a federal probe of D.C. government contracting, yesterday denied any
wrongdoing and said any illegal acts were committed by the FBI undercover agent
who set up the sham company with him.

Barge, speaking publicly for the first time since the probe was revealed two
weeks ago, said the company, B&C Management Consultants Inc., "worked on its
own" to get city contracts and that neither David E. Rivers, a top aide to Mayor
Marion Barry and the former head of the Department of Human Services, nor
District businessman John Clyburn steered contracts to the firm.

Federal investigators are attempting to determine whether Rivers steered city
contracts to B&C, and whether Clyburn acted as a middleman, enabling the firm to
obtain the agency contracts. Rivers and Clyburn have denied any wrongdoing.

Barge denied reports that he had offered to cooperate with the authorities,
saying he has not talked to any prosecutors nor sought to do so.

In a telephone interview from his Flint, Mich., office, Barge said he was "an
acquaintance" of Rivers and that he has seen Barry "six, seven or eight times"
and helped sponsor a fund-raiser for the mayor in Atlanta last year with Rivers
and other businessmen. "I am not bosom friends with him," Barge said of the
mayor.

He denied giving Rivers boots sought by federal agents in a search of Rivers'
home and giving the mayor shoes that the U.S. attorney's office sought in a
subpoena. D.C. Corporation Counsel Frederick D. Cooke Jr. said last week that
Barry "has not received any footwear from Mr. Barge."

"I did not give David Rivers any boots. I never passed the mayor . . . shoes
directly to him," Barge said yesterday. He did not respond when asked if anyone
else had delivered shoes to the mayor on his behalf.

Earlier, Barge said, "I buy a lot of people shoes. I can name 20 people I bought
shoes for in the last six months. I had some on. I know the mayor liked them . .
. . They were some sharp shoes. He never asked me for any."

Barge said it was the FBI agent, acting as his partner at B&C, who came to him
and said he had given Rivers "boots." Barge said he replied, "Fine, give him
whatever you want."

An FBI spokesman said he could not comment on the investigation or on Barge's
statements.

Barge said he first realized his partner in B&C, who authorities said was known
as "Len Carey," was actually an FBI agent on May 22 -- the day the federal probe
became public with a flurry of searches and subpoenas.

Barge said that the agent arrived at the Omni Shoreham Hotel, where Barge was
staying. "He knocked on the door and opened his badge up," said Barge. "He said
he was an FBI agent . . . .  was shocked. I said, 'Okay, what can you do to me
next?' "

Barge, a businessman who once owned seven cars including a vintage Rolls-Royce,
is a former auto worker who these days spends time in cities around the country
where he obtains federal and city contracts. Several acquaintances have
described him as a "super salesman" -- a term Barge uses himself -- and one
acquaintance joked that he "could sell bikinis to an Eskimo in the middle of
winter."

Barge said he began spending time in Washington after one of his companies,
Federal Window and Door of Livonia, Mich., was awarded two contracts for work
with the District's public housing authority.

B&C, the company Barge and "Carey" formed, became the centerpiece of a 17-month
undercover investigation that was triggered by a call to federal authorities by
Brent Kynoch, president of Asbestos Abatement Services Inc., a local firm.

Kynoch alleged that Barge approached him and solicited money in return for help
in obtaining city contracts. Kynoch said he later introduced one or more FBI
agents to Barge, describing them as acquaintances.

Barge denied that, saying he called Kynoch to suggest that Kynoch needed
minority participation in his firm to obtain District government business. "I
wanted to talk to him about getting together and putting together a joint
venture," Barge said.

Kynoch "blew it all out of proportion," Barge said. "It is totally ridiculous."

Barge said he met the man who later became his partner in B&C at Kynoch's
office, and that Kynoch introduced the man as "a big guy that finances" Kynoch's
company. He said the man told him, "I like the way you dress. I like the way you
talk. Maybe we could put a joint venture together."

They formed the company, he said, opening offices at International Square at
1825 K St. NW, where everything was "first class."

The firm received two contracts worth $ 133,000 from the Department of Human
Services, as well as $ 24,990 for an energy audit at Forest Haven, a District
facility in Laurel for the mentally retarded.

Barge said B&C attempted to get both private and government contracts, a role
handled by his partner. "He was trying to get contracts," said Barge. "I was
never there."

In explaining his role, Barge said his job was "to get companies in the right
channels, work with the right people" and handle some of the technical aspects
of the contracts.

Barge said neither Rivers nor Clyburn had helped steer contracts to B&C.

"I have talked to Rivers and talked to his people," said Barge. "I don't think
they had anything to do with contracting."

As to Clyburn, Barge said, "Clyburn ain't done nothing wrong as far as I'm
concerned." He said Clyburn had "stopped by" his home in Hilton Head, S.C.,
"during one Christmas holiday a couple" of years ago.

Barge also said he knew James E. Baugh, a top Housing and Urban Development
public housing official who is also a subject of the federal probe. Federal
investigators are trying to determine whether Baugh steered contracts to Clyburn
in return for Clyburn's employment of Baugh's wife.

Barge, whose Livonia, Mich., firm does business with public housing authorities,
said that Baugh had attended a party at his home in Hilton Head. He added, "I
know every HUD official. I never gave him, bought him anything."

Barge angrily denied reports that he is cooperating with federal officials in
the probe. "I am not [a] turncoat," he said at one point.

"I am not cooperating . . . .  I haven't talked to one [prosecutor]. I don't
even know what they have on me."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: MASSPIRG PRAISES BIPARTISAN BILL REINTRODUCTION PROHIBITING TAX
WRITE-OFFS FOR WRONGDOING

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


Massachusetts Public Interest Research has issued the following news release:

Today, Senators Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Jack Reed (D-RI) reintroduced The
Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act, which would restrict the
ability for corporations to reap massive tax write-offs from payments made to
settle allegations of misconduct or criminal wrongdoing.  This comes on the
heels of reports that Standard & Poor's will be able to claim a nearly $300
million tax deduction for its most recent settlement to addressing its allegedly
flawed ratings practices and their role in the 2008 financial crisis.

This bipartisan effort will address the tax write-offs some corporations
repeatedly receive for settlements they pay to resolve charges of harming the
public.  While federal law forbids companies from claiming public fines and
statutory penalties as tax write-offs, settlement payments resulting from
corporate negligence or malfeasance may be treated as business expenses and
could thus be deducted from their taxes.

"These tax deductions result in the public paying the price for corporate
misdeeds in the form of higher taxes, cuts to essential public programs, and
higher government debt," said Deirdre Cummings, Legislative Director for
MASSPIRG.  "We applaud the bipartisan effort to ensure that taxpayers do not
have to pay twice for corporate misdeeds."

"Preying on consumers or defrauding investors shouldn't be classified as a
business expense.  If a company is paying thousands, millions, or even billions
in fines, it shouldn't get a tax break for those same misdeeds, it should be
held accountable.  The current tax loophole is the worst kind of
special-interest tax giveaway because it is allowing bad actors to subsidize
their misdeeds.  The law needs to change to ensure the punishment fits the
crime.  Congress needs to close this settlement loophole," said U.S. Senator
Jack Reed.  "Federal agencies can take a more active, effective role in
protecting taxpayers.  Several federal entities have included specific clauses
in their settlement agreements to prohibit penalties associated with the
settlement from being deducted as a business expense.  I urge more agencies to
follow suit and publicly disclose the true value of these agreements."

"A penalty should be meaningful or it won't have the deterrent effect it's
supposed to have," U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley said.  "Federal agencies too
often don't consider the tax implications, but you can be sure the company does.
The government should understand this.  The public should be accurately informed
of the real penalty even when taxes are considered.  This bill will ensure that
government agencies think of the tax consequences in settlements going forward
and increase transparency for the public."

"This much-needed legislation would close this outrageous tax loophole and would
require companies to pay their fair share when they do wrong," said Mario
Salazar, Federal Legislative Director for U.S.PIRG.

You can read U.S. PIRG's research report on the tax implications of legal
settlements here: (link).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                               November 25, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

RAGE OF THE TITANS WHITMAN VS LYNCH;
Hewlett-Packard rocked investors when it claimed UK firm Autonomy had sold it a
pup. Katherine Rushton reports on a transatlantic technology battle

BYLINE: Katherine Rushton

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1562 words


When British entrepreneur Mike Lynch is not obsessing about software, he likes
to stride around his Suffolk estate taking potshots at rabbits.

He often gives them names, calling them after the analysts, investors and
journalists who have questioned whether his technology business, Autonomy, is as
financially robust as he claims.

Today, he will have a few more targets, led by Meg Whitman, chief executive of
Hewlett-Packard. The American computer giant - which rattled investors by buying
Autonomy for an eye-watering $11.1bn (£7.1bn) last August - last week rattled
them again as it turned on the company it formerly loved and wrote off $8.8bn.

Whitman accused the Cambridge software firm of using serious accounting
improprieties to wilfully misrepresent the business, which specialises in
searching unstructured data such as texts, voice mails and video. It was this,
she claimed, which prompted HP's huge payment.

Whitman delivered the news - to investors, America's Securities and Exchange
Commission and the UK's Serious Fraud Office - without a word to Lynch. The
bombshell shocked HP's longsuffering shareholders and the share price fell once
again, to its lowest point in a decade.

Lynch came out fighting, denying any wrongdoing and accusing HP of trying to
make a "scapegoat" of him to distract from its own "flip-flopping" strategy.
"They were trying to silence me with one killer blow, but they couldn't silence
me with that one," he told The Sunday Telegraph this weekend.

His approach will not have surprised long-time Autonomy observers. After all,
this is a man who last year had a public row with Larry Ellison, the
multibillionaire founder of Oracle, over whether Lynch had tried to sell his
software company to the Silicon Valley titan.

Lynch is also reputed to have exacted revenge on bear analysts, such as Peel
Hunt's Paul Morland, who has been raising red flags over Autonomy's accounting
methods for years, by blocking them from investor meetings.

That rod-of-iron approach was also apparent within Autonomy. The company, which
grew out of Mr Lynch's work as a PhD student at Cambridge, would sack 5pc of its
sales force every quarter to weed out the weakest.

The best would be treated "like rock stars", according to senior sources who
used to work there, but there was zero tolerance for even mediocre performers.
"The attitude was that you were lucky to be part of it," says one former senior
executive.

When Lynch brokered the deal to sell to HP, he made certain that its then chief
executive, Leo Apotheker, and its chief technology officer, Shane Robison, would
allow him to keep this driven entrepreneurial spirit.

"What Leo and Shane realised was that Autonomy had a different culture, that it
needed to be left alone and built around," he says. "Instead, what we got was a
tank driver being put in charge of a Formula 1 car."

Before her arrival, the three men shared a vision of using Autonomy to help HP
to abandon the old world of hardware and focus exclusively on software.

The margins for hardware were being squeezed, and although HP still ranked as
the biggest PC maker in the world, it was steadily ceding ground to cheaper
players in emerging markets. Indeed, China's Lenovo finally overtook HP last
month.

Meanwhile, the software giants HP once counted as allies, such as Oracle, Cisco
and EMC, were marching ahead in higher-margin areas such as networking, servers,
storage and virtualisation.

The move to abandon hardware was controversial, but not so far-fetched. IBM had
already effected a similar turnaround, such that executives used to joke that HP
sold its kit to tech workers in the basement while IBM was on the top floor
talking to chief executives.

Mr Lynch thought he could ensure HP's long-term survival by reshaping the
company as a "more high-value, high-margin business, selling to the people with
the budget", he explains.

According to colleagues, his longterm ambition was even bigger.

"Mike and the team genuinely thought that they were taking over HP in order to
transform the IT industry. The attitude was that we were a Trojan horse within
HP," said a source.

Apotheker announced the massive shift in HP's strategy at the same time as the
Autonomy deal.

It was a lurching change of direction and after previous mishaps it sealed his
fate as far as investors were concerned. Both Apotheker and Robison were ousted
in the following months.

But when Whitman, a former chief executive of eBay, took the helm, she was also
quick to endorse Autonomy.

The two companies had "shared hundreds of sales leads", she claimed, as she
vowed that increasing the size of Lynch's business would be her "priority one,
two and three". Meanwhile, Lynch said that Ms Whitman understood Autonomy and
was giving it room to breathe.

The honeymoon period did not last long. It dawned on Lynch that the writing was
on the wall at 6pm on November 1, 2011.

Whitman was on a conference call with Autonomy's senior management team in
Cambridge, discussing an internal argument with the rest of HP's software
division.

"[That's] the day I knew we were in trouble," Lynch said. "She said, 'Autonomy,
you've had your fun as a start-up. Now it's time for you to grow up.' This was a
startup that was a FTSE 100 company. We put the phone down and that's when we
knew that the Leo and Shane plan wasn't working."

Autonomy was already locked in a culture clash with "bureaucratic" HP, which was
being damaged by "internecine wars".

"Divisions within HP didn't [help]. It was like boarding a plane, realising the
engine is on fire, and then going up to the cockpit only to find that the pilots
are having a fight," Lynch said.

Lynch said that departments would fight over which of them was able to claim
credit for bundled deals, while HP's sales people poured their efforts into
selling rivals' software over and above Autonomy's.

"You could get commission if you sold an Autonomy competitor, but not if you
sold Autonomy," Lynch said.

"Sales people are coin-operated, so you can imagine the results." In some cases,
they undermined Autonomy by telling customers that HP computers were not
certified to use Autonomy's software, Lynch claims.

Meanwhile, the British outfit was also lumbered with responsibility for several
"low-margin, negative-growth" firms.

One of these, Tower Software in Australia, was "a real dog of a business and
brought in a lot of bureaucracy", Lynch said. "They kitchen-sinked us."

Morale suffered, sparking an exodus of talent. The majority of Autonomy's senior
managers had already abandoned ship by the time Lynch left the following May. He
did not part on amicable terms. "I didn't quit, I was fired," he said.

As far as he is concerned, HP has ridden rough-shod over his reputation since.

Whitman has been careful not to name names, telling analysts simply that the
executives who should be held to account had already left the company, and that
HP should have been able to rely on Deloitte's accounts.

"It is a little challenging to go in and say, 'Gee, we need to doublecheck
Deloitte'," she said.

The company has yet to publish full details of the alleged anomalies in
Autonomy's books, but it has accused the company of recording revenues from its
relatively slow-growing hardware business as fastergrowing software sales, and
of counting sales to wholesalers, whether or not that wholesaler had sold the
product on to the end customer.

Lynch is adamant that HP is stirring up a "PR war" as a distraction technique to
mask its disastrous performance in recent years. The way he paints it, the issue
turns on different interpretations of accounting standards, and he insists in
any case that HP was made fully aware of everything that was going on.

Autonomy might have used some of the accounting practices HP now claims are
irregular, he admits, but it complied with International Financial Reporting
Standards at all times.

Certainly Autonomy had some decent brains on the case. The year before the HP
deal, its chief financial officer Sushovan Hussain was crowned FTSE 100 finance
director of the year, and the "FD's FD".

But even if HP is right and $100m of Autonomy's revenues were wrongly classified
as software sales, there is still a big leap between that figure and last week's
colossal write-down.

Aswath Damodaran, a professor of finance at New York University's Stern School
of Business, told a US newspaper that of the $8.8bn, "I'd be very surprised if
more than a couple of billion was due to accounting improprieties".

As Mr Lynch is keen to point out, HP has form with massive write-downs. It
booked an $8bn charge in August for EDS, the services business it bought for
$13.9bn in 2008. Last year, it recorded impairments for handset maker Palm and
PC company Compaq.

"At the end of the day, it's caveat emptor, buyer beware. HP rushed into it and
paid a crazy premium," says Jim Chanos, whose $6bn hedge fund Kynikos has a
short position on HP. "This is a board that has agreed to a number of disastrous
deals. It's one of the most dysfunctional boards in America. They should be
ashamed of themselves."

$11.1bn Amount Hewlett-Packard paid for Autonomy last August (£7.1bn)

$8.8bn Size of write-down at Hewlett-Packard, $5.8bn of it attributed to
Autonomy

"They tried to silence me with one killer blow, but they couldn't silence me
MIke Lynch, Autonomy

"Autonomy you've had your fun as a start-up.Now it's time to grow up Meg
Whiteman,HP

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: At loggerheads: Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman claims Autonomy's
success had been misrepresented . The UK company's founder denies any wrongdoing

GETTY IMAGES/BEN GURR/WPA POOL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

HIS PLAYBOY PHILOSOPHY: MASSAGE THE STOCK

BYLINE: KAJA WHITEHOUSE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 290 words


This is one naughty case of pillow talk.

The husband of former Playboy CEO Christine Hefner, the daughter of company
founder Hugh Hefner, received a public spanking yesterday for sneaking around on
his wife to satisfy his lust for easy money.

William Marovitz reaped $101,000 in ill-gotten gains between 2004 and 2009 by
trading on confidential tips he gleaned from his wife, despite her repeated
warnings to keep the info under wraps, according to a civil complaint filed
yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Marovitz, 66, a former Illinois state senator, agreed to pay $168,352 to settle
the charges. Marovitz, who married Hefner in 1995, didn't admit wrongdoing, but
the SEC alleged in its complaint that he acted with knowledge of wrongdoing.

"Marovitz owed a duty of trust and confidence to Hefner as her spouse," the SEC
said in the complaint filed in Chicago federal court. Marovitz's attorney, Jim
Streicker, said his client declined to comment "but wishes to note that he lost
a substantial amount of money on his investment in Playboy's stock."

According to the complaint, Hefner warned her hubby against profiting from their
pillow talk and even asked Playboy's general counsel to talk to Marovitz about
the dangers of insider trading. But Marovitz allegedly ignored the warnings
during his wife's reign over the adult entertainment empire.

According to the SEC, Marovitz bought 9,000 shares of Playboy stock in November
2009, after learning of Playboy's merger talks with branding firm Iconix. Hefner
had stepped down as Playboy's CEO earlier that year but was still involved in
the negotiations. Two days later, a report about the merger talks sent Playboy's
stock soaring by 42 percent.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 14, 2008 Sunday
                            Neighbors North Edition

City: Allegations without merit Investigation by city manager exonerates Barker,
Shinnamon

BYLINE: S. BURDETTE - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 1N

LENGTH: 530  words

DATELINE: HOLLY HILL


HOLLY HILL -- The ongoing feud between the city's top cops and Commissioner Liz
Towsley appears to be over, at least as far as the city is concerned.

In a Sept. 2 letter to Towsley, City Manager Tim Harbuck told the first-term
commissioner he had investigated her allegations of criminal and administrative
wrongdoing against Public Safety Director Don Shinnamon and Police Commander
Mark Barker and found no issues.

Based on my review of your allegations and my investigation, I find the
allegations are without merit and Don Shinnamon, Mark Barker and Joe Forte are
hereby exonerated from any wrongdoing as far as the City of Holly Hill is
concerned," Harbuck said in the two- page letter.

Harbuck also sent a letter to Florida Department of Law Enforcement exonerating
the two officers.

Harbuck is not the only "investigator" to find in favor of the police officers.

The Florida Department of Law Enforcement, the State Attorney's Office and the
governor's office have all reviewed the allegations and concluded there was no
evidence of criminal conduct.

The conflict between Towsley and the lawmen started when she was fired from her
job as community relations officer with the police department.

Over the past two years, the disagreements continued, with Towsley sending
complaints and documentation to FDLE and the State Attorney, and Shinnamon and
Barker asking the city to pay for an attorney to fend off the barrage of attacks
by the commissioner.

The conflict has also been a topic at commission meetings, with residents
demanding Towsley's resignation.

After the governor's office rejected a request by Shinnamon and Barker to
appoint a special prosecutor to clear their names, the city took one more stab
at getting an independent investigation from both the city of Orlando and the
Orange County Sheriff's office.

After both agencies turned down the requests, the commission directed Harbuck to
complete the investigation he started in April.

Harbuck finished at theof August.

Harbuck said he has had no response from FDLE and has not talked to Towsley
about the letter.

Shinnamon and Barker appear poised to take the next step.

These people have abused the system by using false allegations to try to destroy
Cmdr. Barker and myself," Shinnamon said. "We have met with our attorney and
have mapped out a course of action to hold them accountable."

Shinnamon declined to elaborate on what the next step might be.

Barker says the attack has damaged his professional reputation, as well as taken
a tremendous personal toll.

Two people I don't know approached me in the grocery store to ask about this,"
Barker said, adding he's not sure he would have gotten through the ordeal
without the support of the community, other commission members and Harbuck.

Their support for me and the chief has been incredibly uplifting and very much
appreciated."

In a telephone interview Thursday, Towsley did not want to comment on the letter
or the exoneration. She said the investigation is still ongoing in the State
Attorneys office. Francis Monaco in the State Attorney's Office would not
confirm or deny any investigation and calls to the public information officer in
the office were not returned.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Liz Towsley Photo 2: Tim HarbuckPhoto 3: Don
ShinnamonPhoto 4: Mark Barker

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             May 10, 2005, Tuesday

HILLARY-HATERS SEIZE ON TRIAL OF FUNDRAISER IN BID TO SMEAR CLINTONS

BYLINE: BY ANDREW GUMBEL IN LOS ANGELES

SECTION: First Edition; FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 702 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Senator Hillary Clinton and former president Bill Clinton are unlikely to be
called in the trial DENNIS VAN TINE


A former fund-raising director for Hillary Clinton goes on trial in Los Angeles
today to face accusations of campaign finance irregularities that political
opponents of the former first Lady turned US senator hope will help dent her
chances of a successful run for the presidency in 2008.

To the growing band of Hillary-haters who have set up websites and political
action committees to try, again, to stop her political career in its tracks, the
case has all the hallmarks of sleaze and criminality they have long associated
with both Mrs Clinton and her husband, former president Bill Clinton.

The defendant, David Rosen, is accused of deliberately under-reporting the cost
of a star-studded fund-raising event in Hollywood during Mrs Clinton's 2000
Senate campaign.

He is on record as having organised the event with the help of a convicted
fraudster and cocaine-user called Peter Paul, who went to prison again after the
2000 election when he was convicted of defrauding investors in an internet
venture he once hoped Mr Clinton would join after he left office.

But there are several reasons to doubt whether the case really has legs for the
various Stop Hillary campaigns. First, Senator Clinton herself is not accused of
wrongdoing and is not expected to be involved in the trial in any capacity.

Second, Mr Paul had a very public break with the Clintons after his shady past
came to light in a newspaper article. Not only did he turn against the Clintons;
it was his evidence that formed the basis of the prosecution. In other words,
the Clinton-bashers cannot easily champion him and at the same time try to use
him as a weapon in their campaign.

Third, Mr Rosen himself has not been accused of specific book-fiddling or
questionable cheque-writing. The case is based on the allegation that he
knowingly allowed Mr Paul to do most, if not all, of the under-reporting. The
best evidence for that comes in a wiretap arranged by the FBI in 2002 in which
Mr Rosen tells an interlocutor over dinner in New Orleans that the gala
fundraiser probably cost more than was reported at the time.

The defence is likely to argue " with some justification, show media leaks of
the wiretap transcript " that the tape is very far from an admission of
wrong-doing and can just as easily be interpreted as a commentary by Mr Rosen on
the untrustworthiness of Mr Paul, not an endorsement of his behaviour.

It probably does not help the prosecution that much of the alleged under-
reporting came in the form of in-kind contributions, not hard cash, making it
much harder to make the case for willful wrong-doing.

One of the four original charges against Mr Rosen has already been dismissed by
the trial judge. He faces a maximum of 15 years behind bars if convicted on the
other three counts.

From a political perspective, the trial is perhaps best seen as an attempt by
Republican operatives to throw everything they can at Mrs Clinton in the hope
that some of it might stick. That was their strategy in the 1990s, when endless
investigations into the Clintons " their Whitewater land deal, the workings of
the White House travel office, and so on " led, quite unexpectedly, to paydirt
in the form of Monica Lewinsky.

So far, the various anti-Hillary campaigns have been far less successful in
raising money than has the senator herself. Officially, Mrs Clinton is focusing
only on her re-election battle next year, a battle even her bitterest detractors
expect her to win with relative ease. Unofficially, she is widely expected to
throw her hat into the ring for the White House in 2008. The prospect of the
Clintons' return to the Oval Office is what has grassroots Republicans foaming.
But the campaign to defeat her is not without its internal struggles. Mr Paul
was initially championed by a right-wing legal outfit called Judicial Watch, but
the two have since fallen out badly.

More than a thousand people attended the $ 1,000-a-head event during the
Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles in August 2000. The centrepiece
was a concert featuring performances from Cher, Melissa Etheridge, Patti
LaBelle, Diana Ross, Toni Braxton, Michael Bolton and Paul Anka.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 22, 2003 Monday

Commentary: Why Sarbanes-Oxley compliance is like Monopoly

BYLINE: Amy Seidel

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 2564 words


On July 30, 2003, corporate America acknowledged the one-year anniversary of the
signing of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Most executive officers and directors
of public companies would agree that the last year was definitely not "business
as usual" when it came to corporate governance and securities disclosure. Many
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which many abbreviate as "SOX" or
"SarbOx," have already become standard operating procedure for public companies;
other companies will put new procedures into effect in the coming year. While it
may be too early to determine whether SOX is actually deterring corporate
wrongdoing, it has certainly rewritten the rules of the game. <P>Go directly to
jail (Do not pass Go; Do not collect $200). Many executives feel like they have
been penalized for the wrongdoings of a few executives. The Enron, WorldCom,
Adelphia, Tyco and Sprint stories have caused the investing public to presume
that all executives are dishonest, unless they prove otherwise. This sentiment
was first expressed by CEOs and CFOs when they were required to "certify" the
accuracy and completeness of the company's financial statements. Most CEOs and
CFOs felt that they were already responsible for ensuring the integrity of the
financial statements and that this additional requirement was imposed in
response to the few situations where senior management failed to demonstrate
that level of responsibility. In addition, the increased scrutiny over executive
compensation and the financial reporting process has forced management to make
sure the company is prepared to defend all the actions the company takes.
<P>Financial expert resigns -- pay $20,000 to executive search firm. Some of the
cards dealt to companies in this new environment have expensive price tags. The
cost of recruiting qualified director candidates, paying director and officer
(D&O) insurance premiums and incurring costs to ensure legal compliance have
made many companies wonder whether these costs are justified in light of the
benefits of being a public company. Due to reduced activity in the equity
markets and the recent volatility in stock prices, the historic benefits of
being a public company seem to have diminished in recent years. Recent company
experiences renewing D&O policies suggest that insurers are focusing additional
due diligence efforts on understanding and assessing the company's corporate
governance practices given the recent increase in frequency and average claim
size for corporate fraud and wrongdoing allegations. <P>Community Chest. SOX
creates a community chest for investors. Section 308 of SOX empowers the
Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) to hold any funds that are required to be
disgorged by persons liable for violations of the securities laws, and any
related civil penalties, in a disgorgement fund for the benefit of the victims
of such violations. Many of the provisions of SOX can result in the imposition
of fines against companies or individuals for noncompliance that trigger the
payment of monetary fines to this shareholder relief fund. <P>Chance? The
uncertainty created by many of the provisions of SOX has been one of the
greatest frustrations for executives and lawyers. The actual text of SOX was
drafted quickly and is relatively short for the variety of topics it covers. As
a result, many of the provisions do not contain all the detail necessary or
desirable in order to apply the provisions. One example is Section 402, which
contains a broad prohibition against companies extending personal loans to the
company's executive officers and directors. Notably, SOX does not define
"personal loan" and this caused companies and lawyers to spend a lot of time
speculating about what Congress intended to cover. Improper personal loans
clearly were granted to executives at Enron, WorldCom and Tyco where the amounts
involved millions of dollars and the loans were used to finance personal homes,
travel and other expenses that were completely unrelated to any legitimate
business purpose. However, the lack of specificity in the rule has forced many
to take a very conservative approach and scrutinize even the most ordinary of
transactions to determine whether any element of the transaction involves a loan
to an executive. In the absence of any guidance, some companies have suspended
split-dollar life insurance programs, cashless exercise programs and 401(k) plan
loans to insiders out of concern that such transactions could result in
impermissible personal loans. <P>Charging rent. What does a company get in
return for building a good corporate governance foundation? It is reasonable to
assume that companies with good governance practices will attract investor
attention that will result in increased trading volume and higher stock prices.
Corporate governance rating agencies, such as Institutional Shareholder
Services, The Corporate Library and Standard & Poors, list detailed corporate
governance criteria reviewed by the agency when rating each company. Many
investors look to these rating agencies to help the investor with his or her
investment selections and shareholder voting decisions. While many companies are
not focusing on being named in the top 10 lists, no company wants to be in the
bottom of the rankings. Similarly, conscientious compliance with SEC disclosure
requirements and adoption of corporate governance "best practices" may deter SEC
investigations and shareholder litigation. <P>Game pieces. There are lots of
players in the compliance game. Instead of hats, race cars, thimbles and horses,
there are lawyers, accountants, internal auditors, management, board members,
insurance providers, rating agencies, stock exchanges, the SEC, consultants,
employees, shareholders and the list goes on. SOX was a "something for everyone"
act and management's job of orchestrating all the players is not easy. For
example, the accelerated filing deadline for 10-Ks and 10-Qs has increased the
need for efficient process coordination. The usual process involves the
company's financial reporting department preparing an initial draft of the
report. Then, various heads of business units and other departments weigh in on
issues related to each person's area of responsibility. Several layers of
internal financial review are usually conducted before sending a draft to
outside advisors. Then, the company has to coordinate with its auditors, lawyers
and audit committee members to discuss the draft and get comments. Once the
draft is in nearly final form, the CEO and CFO need to confirm that all internal
processes have been performed sufficiently so they can certify to the accuracy
and completeness of the report. Coordinating all these players in an
increasingly short time period is no easy task. <P>The banker must be honest.
Some of the most dramatic changes resulting from SOX focus on a company's system
of financial reporting and internal controls. The CEO/CFO certification
requirement is intended to heighten the CEO's and CFO's accountability for the
company's financial statements and other disclosures. The significance placed on
independent auditors and independent audit committees demonstrates the
importance of honesty and avoidance of conflicts in the financial reporting
process in order to protect the integrity of the financial statements. For these
reasons, SOX required the SEC to issue rules requiring companies to disclose
whether the company has a code of ethics that applies to all senior financial
management at the company. Significant additional responsibilities are placed on
audit committees to monitor the financial reporting process and ensure that all
parties are acting independently and acting in the best interests of the
company's shareholders. Simply reporting the company's financial results is no
longer sufficient, but rather the company must disclose information about its
internal processes and procedures to help investors assess the reliability of
the reported results. <P>Taxes. There are many cards and spaces on a monopoly
board that impose tax obligations on the players. It has been suggested that SOX
creates a corporate governance "tax" by imposing additional compliance costs on
public companies. For example, public companies are required to pay an amount to
fund the operations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB),
the new board established to regulate auditing practices. Companies also face
additional legal and accounting expenses to ensure compliance with all the
applicable rules and requirements. In several cases, this "tax" is viewed as so
onerous that companies are considering "going private" to avoid some of these
compliance costs. <P>And the game goes on. Just as a game of Monopoly can seem
to last forever, SOX is here to stay. Companies need to be patient. Companies
that think they can implement new charters and policies and then be done with
SOX do not understand the intent of SOX. SOX does more than simply force a
one-time overhaul of corporate governance practices. There is still a lot of
rulemaking to be done under the recent corporate reform initiatives. Some of the
provisions of SOX, notably the internal control rules requiring management to
evaluate the company's internal controls and have the company's auditors attest
to management's evaluation, have yet to take effect. The SEC also has a number
of initiatives that were commenced prior to SOX that will be revisited, such as
amendments to Form 8-K and final rules regarding the disclosure of critical
accounting policies. The stock exchanges will be completing additional
rulemaking in the next several months with the objective of setting even higher
standards than those required by the SEC to bolster investor confidence when
investing in listed companies. Finally, other initiatives, such as state law
reforms, tax law reforms affecting various aspects of executive compensation and
new proposals to improve the ability of shareholders to gain access to the
ballot, are on the horizon. <P>No free parking. Unfortunately, SOX does not
appear to have any "free parking" spaces -- no company can avoid the reach of
the rules completely. Even private companies that are not technically subject to
the rules need to be concerned about evolving corporate governance, accounting
and auditing standards. Companies with aspirations of an initial public offering
(IPO), venture capital financing, bank financing or being acquired by a public
company are well-advised to consider voluntary compliance with certain
provisions of SOX. The corporate reforms brought about by SOX are resulting in
new standards of "best practices" that will be expected and demanded by
shareholders and applied by courts when considering the appropriateness of
corporate actions of all companies. <P>New rules of the game. Companies are
already starting to plan for the upcoming annual report and proxy season.
Companies with Sept. 30 and Dec. 31 fiscal year-ends are preparing schedules for
the audit and year-end board and shareholder meetings. As companies plan for the
year ahead, here are four new rules of the game to consider: <P>1. Strengthen
the Role of the Board of Directors. Many of the SOX rules and related stock
exchange proposals are aimed at strengthening the role of board members. The
stock exchange proposals would require that a majority of the members of the
board be "independent" as defined under the proposed rules. Board members should
have an opportunity to submit suggestions for meeting agenda items. Management
should provide materials that will be discussed at board meetings to the
directors sufficiently in advance of the meeting to allow the directors a
meaningful opportunity to review and digest the information and prepare
questions. The board should be actively involved in setting the corporate
governance policies for the company. <P>2. Think About Documentation of Internal
Procedures. Companies need to carefully consider the appropriate amount of
documentation of new procedures the company implements in response to the new
requirements. For example, many companies have established disclosure committees
responsible for gathering and reviewing information related to the preparation
of the company's periodic reports. Many companies are struggling with the issue
of how much documentation of these additional procedures is appropriate. On the
one hand, the company wants evidence of the additional actions that were
implemented; however, there is a concern that if something is omitted that later
proves to have been important, the company will have created a record that could
be used against it. While there is no one-size-fits-all answer as the
appropriate amount of documentation, each situation should be considered
carefully with input from in-house lawyers and other advisors before creating an
extensive record trail. <P>3. Avoid the Urge to the Jump the Gun. There are good
reasons for companies to be cautious when implementing changes in response to
the new rules. In many cases, the SEC has responded to "frequently asked
questions" or provided other interpretive guidance on the new rules shortly
after their adoption. In addition, the SEC has often made significant changes to
proposed rules based on public comments that result in the issuance of final
rules with less strenuous requirements. For these reasons, companies should be
cautious about "jumping the gun" on early adoption of new practices. For
example, many companies were eager to amend and publish new charters for the
various board committees to show that the company was on the cutting edge of
governance reform. In doing so, many companies ended up setting higher standards
in the charters than were ultimately required by the final rules. While setting
high standards is an admirable goal, the company needs to be certain that the
committee can actually live up to the standards in the charter. If the committee
fails to satisfy the obligations in the charter, even though they may be more
stringent than the law requires, shareholders will likely punish the company for
failing to meet its stated guidelines. A more reasonable approach is to adopt a
charter that satisfies the minimum requirements and realize that the committee
can always do more than the charter requires. Also, by circulating a draft of
the charter for discussion by the committee members several months in advance of
its adoption, the committee members can assess the reasonableness of the new
standards before issuing them for public consumption. <P>4. Take a Fresh Look at
Disclosure Practices. Most companies begin preparing their annual shareholders
report and 10-K by marking up the versions from the previous year. Due to all
the changes in the disclosure requirements, companies need to be particularly
careful this year to identify the changes and make sure that sufficient time is
spent determining appropriate disclosures. This may require that companies
involve their auditors, lawyers and audit committees earlier in the process than
in the past, particularly in light of the accelerated filing deadline. <P>Amy C.
Seidel is an attorney in Faegre & Benson's Minneapolis Corporate Finance Group
practicing in the areas of general corporate counseling, securities law, public
and private financing and mergers and acquisitions.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Regulatory

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 29, 1994, Sunday

A battle for reputation in US

BYLINE: By DAVID HELLIER

SECTION: BUSINESS ON SUNDAY NEWS PAGE; Page 3

LENGTH: 751 words


IN AWARDING the contract to run the National Lottery to the Camelot consortium,
the British regulatory authorities must either have deemed irrelevant or
considered ill-founded the controversy relating to one of the consortium's
members, G-Tech, the US lottery operator.

Rhode Island-based G-Tech has grown enormously in the US in the past five years,
but in doing so it has become caught up in a number of mini-scandals from
California to Georgia, which have aroused the attention of a number of American
journalists and private investigators.

The company says it has been the victim of a series of half-truths spread by
competitors in an industry where dirty tricks are commonplace, and that it has
never been found guilty of wrong-doing.

G-Tech has effectively cornered the business in America, operating the lottery
in more than half of America. However, its rapid profits growth of the past few
years is unlikely to continue. Last week a company statement knocked the share
price from $ 34 to $ 23 as the market digested the news that the company's
earnings are likely to be static in the coming financial year. Analysts had
previously forecast earnings growth of 25 to 30 per cent.

The company has a reputation for nurturing relationships with the public
officials who run the lotteries, and it has shown a willingness to employ people
with good political connections. Sometimes this strategy has sparked off
complaints from its competitors, which have triggered official inquiries.

In Georgia the award to G-Tech of a $ 150m lottery contract triggered a legal
case after a complaint from a rival. The Georgia Lottery president, Rebecca
Paul, was alleged to have had a business relationship with a G-Tech official,
national sales officer, J David Smith. The accusation was made by Automated
Wagering International, which accused Ms Paul of favouring G-Tech.

G-Tech was cleared of any wrong-doing and it says the matter has now been put to
rest. The company also said that the relationship between Ms Paul and Mr Smith
was ''entirely professional and appropriate''.

In Arizona the lottery director, Bruce Mayberry, was asked to leave the lottery
and move to another state agency just three months after threatening to revoke
the company's performance bond. G-Tech's critics and rivals accused the company
of using its political muscle.

A full investigation by the attorney-general found that Mr Mayberry had been
dismissed for a good reason and that G-Tech had no role in his dismissal.

G-Tech was criticised in a Kentucky state audit, released last year by Ben
Chandler, which raised questions as to whether the company provided value for
money. As a result of that audit, seven directors of the Kentucky lottery
resigned.

The Kentucky attorney- general's office also investigated allegations that Jim
Hosker, a former Kentucky lottery director and also a friend of J David Smith,
was on the payroll of the lottery and G-Tech at the same time.

In 1991 Mr Hosker signed a contract with G-Tech. He later left the lottery to
work for G- Tech in Texas, but G-Tech says that he never worked for both the
lottery and the company simultaneously.

Mr Smith, interviewed by an American newspaper, the Atlanta Constitution, blamed
competitors and the media for spreading rumours.

Mr Smith, who resigned from G-Tech earlier this year, pleaded guilty to gambling
charges in 1981. At G-Tech he earned nearly $ 1m a year, convincing public
officials of the merits of the company.

The company was unperturbed by his earlier record and says that it disclosed his
conviction wherever it was relevant around the world.

Craig Watson, vice-president of public affairs, says that Mr Smith did a good
job for the company before he resigned last January.

Last year California's lottery director, Sharon Sharp, resigned amid
allegations, denied both by her and the company, of showing favouritism in the
awarding of lottery contracts to G-Tech.

G-Tech spends heavily and places great importance on political lobbying.

In the UK, Lord Moore, formerly one of Lady Thatcher's favourite ministers, is a
board member. Camelot's public relations advisers are Brunswick, one of the top
financial advisers in the City.

G-Tech's Mr Watson says rivals in the US have tried to spread rubbish to the
media and law enforcement agencies and that allegations have led to
investigations. ''In every single case G-Tech has been cleared,'' he says.

(Photograph omitted)


LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 22, 2006 Friday

Editorial | Matthews' Allegation;
Playing off perception

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 441 words


Nearly a decade ago, a state Supreme Court advisory panel reported that most
Pennsylvanians suspected what Republican lieutenant governor candidate Jim
Matthews alleged this week - that court decisions across the state were
influenced by judicial campaign contributions.

The panel 10 years ago cited polls that showed nearly nine out of 10
Pennsylvania residents assumed that judges could be bought.

The findings then, and Matthews' allegations now, provide a powerful argument
for replacing contested judicial elections with a merit-based appointment system
like those used in New Jersey and elsewhere.

Nonetheless, it is also understandable why the comments of Matthews, a
Montgomery County commissioner, have been blasted as irresponsible. He offered
no evidence.

Matthews alleged that there are city judges who cynically keep lists of campaign
contributors handy and "check that sheet and see how active that attorney is,
that defense attorney, in politics and contributions."

He added, "I don't think anybody in Philadelphia, in the judiciary, on the bar,
can look at you with a straight face and deny that it's a problem."

Matthews appeared to be making specific charges of likely criminal wrongdoing by
city judges, but he never offered the slightest shred of proof. No wonder Alan
M. Feldman, the city's bar chancellor, called the accusations "a crock."

Matthews did nothing more than present the public's perception as reality. He
didn't back up his charges with facts.

That's unlikely to reassure voters about the person who would be tapped as
governor if the top job went vacant in a Swann-Matthews administration. Matthews
is far better than this shoot-from-the-hip episode might indicate. He shouldn't
have spouted off.

It didn't help when his campaign linked Matthews' accusations to his concern for
public safety. If violent crime is due to paid-off judges, one would have to
assume that the worst thugs got light sentences because their low-salary
public-defender attorneys were big campaign donors. Doesn't sound plausible.

Broad-brushed judge-bashing from a GOP candidate also smacks of the coordinated
national Republican strategy to delegitimize the courts, which isn't healthy for
the republic.

Have city judges ever engaged in wrongdoing? You bet, and it could happen again.
What's more, that public perception of the influence of campaign donations on
justice will remain a problem until merit-based appointment is enacted.

But it's been nearly 20 years since the roofers' union judicial payoff scandal
in Philadelphia. If Matthews has evidence of new wrongdoing, he should phone the
U.S. attorney before calling another news conference.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

U.S. prosecutors bare teeth, but lack bite;
Window on Wall Street

BYLINE: JESSE EISINGER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 795 words

ABSTRACT

Securing admissions of wrongdoing is a step in the right direction, but there's
much work to be done to hold giant corporations accountable.

FULL TEXT

Admitting a problem, as the cliché has it, is the first step to solving it. But
with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission,
admissions of wrongdoing have been the last step. There's much work to be done
to hold giant corporations accountable for their misdeeds.

Over the last few years, the Justice Department and the S.E.C. have been
assailed for delivering lashings to corporate malefactors that resemble a
fanning with palm fronds. In response, the Justice Department and the S.E.C.
would like us to think that they received the message and got tough. This
summer, the Justice Department forced Credit Suisse and BNP Paribas to plead
guilty to crimes. In some of its recent settlements, the S.E.C. has been
requiring individuals and corporations to admit that they did something wrong.

Such public statements of contrition have some degree of usefulness. It's almost
ridiculous that we consider it progress by merely forcing bad actors to admit
the truth - but it is. For years, the Justice Department relied on deferred or
non-prosecution agreements, requiring corporations to write big checks, but face
little or no other consequences. For years, the S.E.C.'s settlements by default
included boilerplate clauses where the accused could pay up without either
admitting or denying the charges. (Alas, the progress has been halting and the
Doctrine of Immaculate Settlements is alive and well: Just last month, Morgan
Stanley settled with the agency for misleading investors in two securities the
firm sold that were backed by residential mortgages. But the agency did not get
any admission of wrongdoing.)

Compelling an admission is merely the first vertebra of the spinal surgery. The
problem with the Justice Department's guilty pleas is that they lead to no
further business consequences. And the new S.E.C. admissions policy doesn't
require defendants to cop to anything specific.

The S.E.C.'s action against the hedge fund manager Philip Falcone was the first
big public ''apology'' case. As Jonathan Weil pointed out in a Bloomberg View
column at the time, Mr. Falcone ''admitted to a long list of facts that
certainly look awful,'' such as secretly borrowing $133 million from his hedge
fund, Harbinger Capital Partners, to pay his taxes. But he didn't admit breaking
any specific laws.

That's not how things work for criminals. In plea agreements, defendants say
which laws they are guilty of breaking - explaining to the judge that they tried
to bring a kilogram of cocaine through Miami International Airport, for
instance. The S.E.C. hasn't yet required statutory specificity. The Justice
Department's giant civil settlements with JPMorgan and Citigroup have come with
paltry statements of facts that mention few specifics and don't name individual
executives who have done anything wrong.

If one purpose of requiring a company to admit it has broken the law is to
change the way customers, clients and shareholders view it, then the latest
admissions have failed. The stocks of companies that settle with the Justice
Department go up because investors think that the problem has been resolved.
Shareholders don't think of these companies as wrongdoers or recidivists. Nor do
counterparties or other people who provide services to the firms.

Steven A. Cohen's S.A.C. Capital recently pleaded guilty to fraud. Mr. Cohen
changed the name of his firm in April and, presto, investment banks continued to
offer him brokerage services. The public shaming didn't come to much.

One of the main goals of corporate enforcement should be to stay on top of
companies to make sure they have reformed their behavior. There is a modicum of
progress here. In some of the latest settlements, the Justice Department is
assigning corporate monitors who seem to take their jobs more seriously. Just
last week, the top financial regulator for New York State, Benjamin M. Lawsky,
fined Standard Chartered for backsliding. It would be heartening to see
similarly aggressive action from the Justice Department and the S.E.C.

Some argue that corporate apologies are pointless and all that matters is the
prosecution of executives and supervisors who oversaw the misdeeds. That may be
too absolute an approach, but it is vital to charge individuals, especially
those at the top. On this issue, the authorities continue to fail. The
admissions and guilty pleas could be a path to investigations and charges
against individuals. But there is no sign that these admissions will lead to
charges against top officials and managers who were responsible for the crimes.

The apology shouldn't be an end, but a beginning.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                August 28, 2011
                                  Main Edition

IRIS FACES HER FINAL HURDLE;
Shamed Robinson could still face a Stormont committee

BYLINE: ALAN MURRAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 506 words


IRIS Robinson faces one last hurdle before she is finally cleared of any
wrongdoing linked to her affair with lover Kirk McCambley.

The former Strangford MP and MLA could still be called before Stormont's
Standards and Privileges Committee if the Interim Commissioner Tom Frawley
determines that she may have abused her role as a member of the Assembly.

Frawley, who is also the Northern Ireland Ombudsman, is currently studying
documents relating to the conduct of the First Minister's wife in public office.

On Thursday, Castlereagh Borough Council announced that a report it had
commissioned from consultants Deloitte had completely cleared Iris Robinson of
any wrongdoing when it awarded a catering contract to Kirk McCambley in August
2008.

The probe was launched following a BBC NI Spotlight investigation that examined
the awarding of a lease for the Lock Keeper's Inn cafe and revealed Mrs
Robinson's affair with McCambley.

The Deloitte report cleared all councillors and officials at Castlereagh Borough
Council of breaching government legislation.

A copy of the report was emailed to Mrs Robinson at her home in Florida, where
she is holidaying with her husband.

Peter Robinson has always denied that he or his wife committed any wrongdoing in
relation to land deals and in their associations with wealthy builders including
Fred Fraser, who provided some of the £50,000 of funding to enable McCambley to
open the Lock Keeper's Inn at Shaws Bridge.

Friends of the couple say that the investigation by the PSNI in particular into
a complaint of wrongdoing by Iris Robinson took its toll on the couple.

"It was very taxing and wearying on Peter and Iris because banks had to be asked
for copies of cheques and accounts had to be delved into to retrieve information
for the detectives investigating the criminal complaint.

"It was a very gruelling three-day period for Iris in London in the clinic with
the detectives but in the end nothing untoward was found in her financial
dealings or Peter's," one close friend said.

Iris Robinson approached Fraser and another builder Ken Campbell for loans to
help McCambley set up the restaurant, but when Peter Robinson found out about
the arrangement after overhearing a conversation he demanded that the money be
repaid to both men as soon as possible.

Informed sources say that Fraser, who died in August 2008, never wanted the
money returned to him and never pressed for it to be repaid.

"Fred knew Kirk's dad Billy quite well and was happy to help out Kirk on that
basis. His attitude was along the lines of 'the lad can pay it back when he no
longer needs it'," the pal said.

"Fred identified it in his papers as money intended to go to a charity or
another good cause if it could be paid back. He wasn't looking for it. He was a
patron of the Ulster Orchestra and charities, he didn't need the money."

Tom Frawley's report on Iris Robinson's conduct is expected to be presented to
Stormont's Standards and Privileges Committee in the autumn.

CAPTION: AFFAIR: Iris Robinson and Kirk McCambley (right)

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved
