
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Probe finds no criminal wrongdoing in land deal

BYLINE: Hannah DelaCourt, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


April 30--BOLIVIA -- N.C. State Bureau of Investigation officials found no
evidence of criminal wrongdoing in Brunswick County's Holden Beach land purchase
in December 2014.

Agent Mike East of the SBI'S Financial Crimes Unit of Raleigh told Brunswick
County Manager Ann Hardy that his office, with assistance from the Brunswick
County Sheriff's Office Financial Crimes Division, conducted a limited inquiry
of the purchase of land for a county park in Holden Beach.

East told Hardy that all individuals interviewed were fully cooperative and the
SBI did not find any evidence of any criminal wrongdoing. East further told
Hardy that at the conclusion of the bureau's limited inquiry, it provided
information to Tammy Smith, N.C. chief financial crimes resource prosecutor in
Raleigh, and her office concurred with the findings of no criminal wrongdoing in
regards to the land purchase.

The purchase has been one of great contention by residents over the last four
months.

The commissioners voted 3-2 in December to buy about 35 acres near Holden Beach
for a nature park for $3.5 million, a price that many residents said was far
greater than the worth of the land. The county's tax department listed the tax
value for a 32-acre section at $1.2 million and about $500,000 for two adjoining
parcels.

Since the purchase, residents have continually attended commissioners meetings
to voice their outrage over the purchase, stating that those who voted in favor
disregarded the constituents' wishes and that the money could have been used for
other needs within the county.

Opponents say that every person at the December meeting spoke out against the
purchase of the land. Board Vice Chairwoman Pat Sykes and Commissioner Randy
Thompson voted against the purchase.

Hannah DelaCourt: 910-343-2075

On Twitter: @HDelaCourtSN

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150430-WG-Probe-finds-no-criminal-wrongdoing
-in-land-deal-0430-20150430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Evans officer cleared again of wrongdoing in '12 Fallis murder investigation

BYLINE: Joe Moylan, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


June 16--Evans police officer Michael Yates has -- for the second time -- been
cleared of any wrongdoing in the investigation into the Jan. 1, 2012, shooting
death of Ashley Fallis.

Yates had already undergone one investigation by the Loveland Police Department
after a FOX31 Denver reporter claimed in April 2014 he had information that the
Evans officer altered or withheld witness statements in his police reports.
Yates was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing in August 2014 when Loveland police
presented its investigation to the Weld District Attorney's Office.

Evans Police Chief Rick Brandt then hired William Irwin, a former special agent
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to conduct an impartial third-party
investigation of Yates to determine if he violated any department policies. That
investigation was completed last week and Irwin concluded there was no evidence
to substantiate any allegations of misconduct by Yates, according to an Evans
police news release issued Tuesday.

The investigation also determined that Yates did not violate any Evans police
policies in his handling of witness interviews or in his reporting.

No other details about the investigation were released.

Ashley Fallis died of a gunshot wound to the head following a New Year's Eve
party at her Evans home, where she lived with her husband, Tom Fallis, a former
Weld County corrections officer, and their three children. Evans police
investigated the shooting and determined in March 2012 that Ashley Fallis'
gunshot wound was self-inflicted.

The case was reopened in April 2014 and the investigation was turned over to the
Loveland and Fort Collins police departments. Last November, Tom Fallis was
indicted by the Weld County grand jury on suspicion of second-degree murder. He
was extradited back to Weld from Bloomington, Ind. -- where he had moved with
his children -- to stand trial.

Fallis then appealed the terms of his bond conditions, which prohibit him from
leaving the state, all the way to the Colorado Supreme Court. Fallis argued that
the $500,000 bond set by Weld District Court Judge Thomas Quammen in December
transgressed upon his presumption of innocence and that being separated from his
children, who now reside in Bloomington, violated his constitutional parental
rights.

Fallis' appeal was dismissed in April by the state Supreme Court and sent back
to the Colorado Court of Appeals for an opinion. Earlier this month, the state
Appellate Court also dismissed Fallis' appeal.

"The (district) court did not treat him (Fallis) as guilty of the charged
offense," the opinion stated, which was published June 4 by Appellate Court
Judge David Furman. "Instead, the court considered, quite properly, the nature
of the charged offense and the penalty that would be imposed if he were found
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt."

The Appellate Court also rejected Fallis' argument that being prohibited from
traveling to Indiana violated his constitutional parental rights because the
order does not prevent him from contacting his children or keep him from making
decisions regarding their welfare. The opinion also noted that there is nothing
preventing Fallis' children from traveling to Colorado to visit, albeit taking
into consideration that an Indiana judge has temporarily ordered that the
children must remain in the custody of Anna Fallis, Tom's mother and the
children's paternal grandmother.

"It was not unreasonable for the trial court to conclude, as it did, that a bond
condition requiring petitioner (Fallis) to remain in Colorado reduces the risk
of flight," the opinion stated. "It also was not unreasonable for the court to
determine that not only does such a bond condition increase the chances that
petitioner will appear at proceedings in the criminal case, but also that, if he
absconds, it makes it easier, faster and less expensive to apprehend him."

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150616-GY-Evans-officer-cleared-again-of-wrongdoing
-in-12-Fallis-murder-investigation-0616-20150616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 17, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

AROUND THE NCAA

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B6

LENGTH: 667 words


DUKIET DISMISSED:

Bob Dukiet was fired yesterday as Marquette basketball coach after two
consecutive losing seasons and several conflicts with players. Athletic Director
Bill Cords said in a news release that Dukiet had been offered the position of
assistant to the athletic director for the remaining three years of his
contract.

Assistant coaches Tom McConnell, Bo Ellis, and David Liccione also were
released, according to published reports.

Dukiet, 41, compiled a 39-46 record in three seasons, including 10-18 two years
ago, the university's worst in 23 years. The Warriors ended 13-15 this season
and some players said it was difficult talking with the coach.

Published reports named possible candidates for the coaching position as former
Indiana and NBA standout Quinn Buckner, Creighton Coach Tony Barone,
Wisconsin-Milwaukee Coach Steve Antrim, Syracuse assistant Bernie Fine, De Paul
assistant Jim Molinari and Texas-San Antonio Coach Ken Burmeister.

SUTTON SAGA:

Gov. Wallace Wilkinson says that unless University of Kentucky Coach Eddie
Sutton is found guilty of some wrongdoing, he should not be removed from his
job.

Wilkinson also said he would not ask former governor and former major league
baseball commissioner A.B. (Happy) Chandler to resign from the university board
for allegedly making racial remarks.

"If Coach Sutton has been involved in any wrongdoing, that ought to be exposed
and dealt with," Wilkinson said. "And if he has not been involved in any
wrongdoing, he ought to be defended. And insofar as I can determine, he has not
been involved in any wrongdoing and it is not alleged that he has been involved
in any wrongdoing."

Speculation has been rampant that Sutton, whose contract at Kentucky has another
year to run, will be fired if the NCAA imposes sanctions against the Wildcats
who finished 13-19, their first losing season in 60 years.


STEWART HOME:

University of Missouri basketball coach Norm Stewart, who underwent cancer
surgery Feb. 14, has returned home to Columbia, Mo., from the M.D. Anderson
Cancer Center in Houston, where he checked in last Thursday, according to
Athletic Director Dick Tamburo.

Dr. Walter Peters, the Columbia surgeon who operated on Stewart after he
collapsed Feb. 9 while flying to Oklahoma with the team, said earlier this week
that because of patient-confidentiality he could not say anything about why the
coach went to the Houston facility, although Stewart was not admitted.

IRISH ON PARADE:

Providence, R.I. bar owners are licking their lips and getting ready to count
their money because Notre Dame plays its NCAA opener here today -- St. Patrick's
Day.

"How lucky can you get?" said Bob David, owner of Murphy's bar. "The Fighting
Irish playing on St. Patrick's Day."

David has received permission to close the street in front of his bar Friday,
and the city has granted permits to sell beer on the sidewalk to five other bars
within a few blocks of the Providence Civic Center.

"We don't like to see it, from our viewpoint," said Inspector Michael Brugnoli
of the Providence police. "But given it's a special occasion, we tend to relax
the rules somewhat."

OFFICIAL RESPONSE:

NCAA supervisor of officials Hank Nichols responded to Georgetown Coach John
Thompson's assertion that the system used to determine which officials will be
assigned to games after the first round of the NCAA tournament makes the
officials "too unrealistically tight."

Nichols also rejected Thompson's assertion that officials allow less play during
the tournament than they do during the regular season. Nichols said he believes
officials continue to call the same type of game, but there is a constant
difference in individual styles the NCAA is trying to eliminate through the use
of national officiating clinics. "The perception of officiating is always a
problem," Nichols said. "I think the fans, the coaches and the players have a
perception of certain things that I don't know we're ever going to change."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Thornburgh Insists U.S. Bank Inquiry Is Aggressive

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 17; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 674 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 24


Stung by accusations that the Justice Department responded slowly to allegations
of wrongdoing at the Bank of Credit and Commerce International, Attorney General
Dick Thornburgh insisted today that he was moving aggressively to investigate
the bank.

Mr. Thornburgh said in response to questions submitted by The New York Times
that he was "puzzled" by accusations that the department had proceeded slowly.
He asserted through a spokesman, Dan Eramian, that Federal prosecutors in
Atlanta, Miami, Washington and Tampa, Fla., were pursuing complaints that
officials within B.C.C.I. had engaged in criminal fraud.

While questions as to the pace of Government investigations have focused on the
Justice Department, the actions of other Federal agencies are also the subject
of increasing scrutiny.

Congressional aides have been told that the Central Intelligence Agency has
begun an internal review to determine the extent of the espionage agency's
relationship with the bank.

The New York Times reported earlier this month that the C.I.A. had used the bank
to help finance covert operations. An agency spokesman declined to comment today
on whether the C.I.A. was beginning an in-house review, but said, "It is our
practice to investigate wrongdoing." Previously, the agency said accusations of
illegal use of the bank were unfounded.

At the same time, the House Banking Committee announced today that it would
begin hearings on the bank in September. Henry B. Gonzalez, a Democrat of Texas
and the committee's chairman, said the panel's inquiry would "examine fully"
when the Federal Reserve Board knew about fraudulent activity at B.C.C.I. and
what actions it took. A spokesman for the Federal Reserve declined to comment.

The first witnesses to appear will be Clark M. Clifford and Robert A. Altman,
top officials at First American Bankshares Inc. Early this year, investigators
found that B.C.C.I. had a secret controlling interest in First American, a
Washington holding company with assets of $11 billion that owns eight banks in
six states. Mr. Clifford is the chairman of First American and Mr. Altman is its
president.

In his comments today, Mr. Thornburgh asserted that the department had proceeded
vigorously against B.C.C.I.

"In fact," the Attorney General said through his spokesman, "the department
brought the first, and so far the only, prosecution of B.C.C.I." In that case,
brought by Federal prosecutors in Tampa, the bank pleaded guilty and five
executives were convicted last year on charges involving money laundering.
B.C.C.I. paid a fine of about $14 million and the executives received prison
sentences of up to 12 years.

But other law-enforcement officials, who have closely followed the Justice
Department's investigation, disputed assertions that the Department had taken
the prosecution seriously. These officials said the department's inaction
prompted complaints by Robert W. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney,
who is investigating whether B.C.C.I. lied to New York State banking officials
when it sought approval to operate in New York.

The officials, some of whom spoke only on the condition of anonymity, said that
for more than a year Federal prosecutors relegated the case to a low priority,
ignored promising leads and refused to cooperate with other investigators like
Mr. Morgenthau.

In testimony to a Senate Banking subcommittee two months ago, Mr. Morgenthau
said the Justice Department had been unresponsive to his requests for
cooperation with his investigation of the bank.

Aides to Mr. Morgenthau, some of whom concluded that the Justice Department
appeared to be trying to limit the investigation, angrily complained to Robert
S. Mueller, the head of the Justice Department's criminal division, which is
supervising the Federal investigation.

In an interview, Mr. Mueller denied that the department had stifled its inquiry.
But he acknowledged that there had been complaints from Mr. Morgenthau. He said
he was scheduled to meet with Mr. Morgenthau next week.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 27, 1991, Saturday

CORRECTION:

An article on Thursday about the Justice Department's inquiry into allegations
of wrongdoing at the Bank of Credit and Commerce International rendered a
comment from a Central Intelligence Agency spokesman incorrectly. Discussing
reports that the agency had begun a review of its dealings with the bank, the
spokesman said, "It is our practice to look into allegations of wrongdoing" --
not ". . . to investigate wrongdoing."

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Planned Parenthood vindicated

BYLINE: DINA BUTCHER Bismarck

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 276 words


It's time to face the truth about Planned Parenthood -- they never broke the
law.

After last summer's sting campaign against Planned Parenthood, politicians
across the country attacked the organization on fabricated claims by the
so-called "Center for Medical Progress" that Planned Parenthood was selling
fetal tissue.

Recently, following an extensive investigation, a grand jury in Texas officially
cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing. Not only did the grand jury clear
Planned Parenthood, but it took one step further and indicted those who created
the highly edited videos. These people broke the law to spread malicious lies
about Planned Parenthood in order to advance their extreme anti-abortion
political agenda.

It's appalling and an incredible misallocation of resources that so many
politicians, including two of our own, used this fabricated video to call for
investigations and the defunding of Planned Parenthood.

Not only Texas but Florida, Ohio, Washington, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri and South Dakota have each cleared Planned
Parenthood of wrongdoing. Another eight states have declined to even
investigate, citing a lack of any evidence to suggest wrongdoing.

As the dust settles and the truth comes out, it's become totally clear that the
only people who engaged in wrongdoing are the criminals behind this fraud, and I
am glad they are being held accountable as well as saddened that two of our
congressional delegation swallowed the hoax without questioning the messengers.

I believe reason and good sense do exist, just not where politicians are more
interested in pandering than good policy.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

Senate Democrats Urge Justice, Regulators to Probe Libor Allegations, Prosecute
Wrongdoing

BYLINE: Jonathan Hemmerdinger

SECTION: SECURITIES LAW Vol. 121 No. 135

LENGTH: 485  words


WASHINGTON - A group of Senate Democrats is urging the U.S. Department of
Justice and federal banking and securities regulators to investigate allegations
that domestic and foreign banks manipulated the London Interbank Offered Rate,
or Libor, which is used as a benchmark in municipal bond-related swaps and other
financial products.

"We urge you to direct your staff to thoroughly investigate the banks and the
process involved in setting Libor for any wrongdoing," said the senators in
identical letters sent Thursday to U.S. attorney general Eric Holder and members
of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. "Banks and their employees found
to have broken the law should face appropriate criminal prosecution and civil
action."

Senators said they are troubled by allegations that U.S. and foreign regulators
may have been aware of wrongdoing for years.

"Just like the banks and executives they oversee, regulators who were involved
should be held to account for any failures to stop wrongdoing that they knew, or
should have known about," the senators wrote in the letters.

"Restoring integrity to our financial system is critical to restoring confidence
in our economy. This scandal calls into further question the integrity of many
Wall Street banks," they said.

The Senators also asked the regulators to "outline proposals that will restore
the market's confidence" and "fix...this process so that breaches of confidence
like this do not happen again."

The Senate Banking Committee and the House Financial Services Committee have
also said they are looking into the Libor allegations and plan to question
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Federal Reserve Board chairman Ben
Bernanke during upcoming hearings.

Last month Barclays agreed to pay $453 million to U.S. and U.K. regulators to
settle allegations that it manipulated Libor.

Barclays and other major international banks are alleged to have colluded to
keep Libor artificially low to give the impression that their borrowing costs
were not affected by the financial crisis. As a result, Libor-related swap
payments to issuers may have been reduced.

Industry sources estimate that municipal issuers have between $50 billion and
$100 billion in Libor-related transactions, most tied to the one-month Libor
rate.

The letter was signed by Sens. Jack Reed, D-R.I., Carl Levin, D-Mich., Dianne
Feinstein, D-Calif., Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, Patrick Leahy, D-V.T., Robert Menendez,
D-N.J., Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I.,
Frank Lautenberg, D-N.J., Daniel Akaka, D-Hawaii and Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H.

Other members of the FSOC include the heads of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Comptroller of the
Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the Federal Housing Finance
Agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and the National Credit Union
Administration.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Washington: House Pro-Choice Caucus co-chairs lead Democrats in Call for End to
Taxpayer-Funded Partisan Planned Parenthood Investigations

LENGTH: 1029  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Diana DeGette has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Pro-Choice Caucus co-chairs, Reps. Diana DeGette (D-CO) and Louise
Slaughter (D-NY) led over 120 of their Democratic colleagues and called for an
end to ongoing, politically-motivated House and Senate investigations into
Planned Parenthood, in light of the many independent state investigations across
the country that have cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.





 The Pro-Choice Caucus co-chairs joined their colleagues in both chambers on a
letter to Republicans calling for an end to partisan investigations of Planned
Parenthood in the House and Senate, following the Texas grand jury's decision
last week to exonerate Planned Parenthood and indict the creators of the highly
fabricated, deceptive undercover videos designed to discredit Planned Parenthood
and undermine women's access to health care on federal charges.



 In their letter to Republicans, they wrote: "Our country faces serious
challenges when it comes to issues like supporting working families, creating
good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and communities we represent rightly
want us focused on efforts like these--not political attempts to undermine
women's access to health care and investigate their personal health care
decisions. We urge you to listen to them."



 Twelve states join the Texas Grand Jury--Kansas, Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri and
South Dakota-- and have concluded independent state investigations and cleared
Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight states--California, Iowa,
Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Colorado--have declined
to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of wrongdoing in the first place.




 Full text of the letter is below:



 Dear Speaker Ryan, Majority Leaders McCarthy and McConnell, and Majority Whip
Cornyn:



 As you know, on Monday, January 25th, 2016, a Texas grand jury exonerated
Planned Parenthood and instead, indicted the creators of highly edited,
deceptive videos designed to undermine our nation's largest provider of women's
health care on felony charges of tampering with government records. In addition
to the Texas grand jury, twelve other states have concluded independent
investigations and cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.



 In light of overwhelming evidence that the House and Senate's taxpayer-funded
efforts to undermine Planned Parenthood are based purely on political pandering,
not facts, we write today to again encourage that Congressional Republicans
disband the House Select Investigative Committee, end all ongoing Congressional
investigations examining Planned Parenthood, and stop to political efforts to
undermine women's access to health care.



 The willful misuse of federal resources to push an anti-women and anti-abortion
agenda in the Congress is both inappropriate and wasteful. Since July 15, 2015,
when the Center for Medical Progress first released deceptive, edited videos
designed to discredit Planned Parenthood, Congressional Republicans have
launched five separate investigations into Planned Parenthood, four in the House
and one in the Senate. The House has voted five times and the Senate three times
to defund Planned Parenthood, and House Republicans held a five-hour hearing
with Planned Parenthood's CEO, Cecile Richards, in which her attempts to provide
informed responses were repeatedly rebuffed.



 The inappropriate political nature of Congressional Republican attacks on
Planned Parenthood is especially stark in light of overwhelming evidence
clearing Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. Twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent state investigations and
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight
states--California, Iowa, Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia,
and Colorado--have declined to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of
wrongdoing in the first place.



 These House and Senate "investigations" not only undermine taxpayers' trust in
Congress's integrity, but they also put women and families at risk. Already, the
House Select Investigative Committee has engaged in a widespread "document
collection" process that is undermining the privacy and safety of patients,
healthcare providers, and scientists seeking cures through medical
research--while wasting valuable federal resources in the process.



 The Select Committee's targeting of women who have received abortions, and the
doctors that provide them with such care, is dangerous and a deeply concerning
violation of patient privacy and the public trust.



 As the Republican District Attorney of Harris County said, "[W]e must go where
the evidence leads us. All the evidence uncovered in the course of this
investigation was presented to the grand jury." Unfortunately, the House Select
Committee does not wish to focus on the evidence, including the concerning
number of illegal activities in which the perpetrators chose to engage



 We urge you to use this as an opportunity to:



 &middot;         disband the taxpayer funded Select Investigative Committee on
Planned Parenthood and all other ongoing Congressional investigations;



 &middot;         fully reimburse U.S. taxpayers the more than $400,000 that
Republicans have wasted to create the Committee;



 &middot;         and put an end to the partisan political attempts to appeal to
extreme conservatives by undermining women's health and rights.



 Our country faces serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting
working families, creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and
communities we represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not
political attempts to undermine women's access to health care and investigate
their personal health care decisions. We urge you to listen to them.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Wyden Calls for End to Taxpayer-Funded Partisan Planned Parenthood
Investigations

LENGTH: 1093  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ron Wyden has issued the following news
release:



 Sen. Ron Wyden joined Democratic colleagues in calling for an end to ongoing,
politically-motivated House and Senate investigations into Planned Parenthood,
in light of the many independent state investigations across the country that
have cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.





 Wyden met in Medford last weekend with Planned Parenthood of Southwestern
Oregon. He and his fellow Democrats joined their colleagues in both chambers on
a letter this week to Republicans calling for an end to partisan investigations
of Planned Parenthood in the House and Senate, following the Texas grand jury's
decision last week to exonerate Planned Parenthood and indict the creators of
the highly fabricated, deceptive undercover videos designed to discredit Planned
Parenthood and undermine women's access to health care on federal charges.



 In their letter Tuesday to Republicans, the lawmakers wrote: "Our country faces
serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting working families,
creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and communities we
represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not political attempts
to undermine women's access to health care and investigate their personal health
care decisions. We urge you to listen to them."



 Twelve states join the Texas Grand Jury--Kansas, Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri and
South Dakota-- and have concluded independent state investigations and cleared
Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight states--California, Iowa,
Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Colorado--have declined
to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of wrongdoing in the first place.




 Senate sponsors include Wyden, Senators Murray (D-WA), Shaheen (D-NH),
Blumenthal (D-CT), Sanders (D-VT), Schumer (D-NY), Brown (D-OH), Baldwin (D-WI),
Markey (D-MA), Murphy (D-CT), Gillibrand (D-NY), Wyden (D-OR), Whitehouse
(D-RI), Feinstein (D-CA), Hirono (D-HI), Stabenow (D-MI), Schatz (D-HI), Franken
(D-MN), Warren (D-MA), Menendez (D-NJ), and Reid (D-NV).



 Full text of the letter is below:



 Dear Speaker Ryan, Majority Leaders McCarthy and McConnell, and Majority Whip
Cornyn:



 As you know, on Monday, January 25th, 2016, a Texas grand jury exonerated
Planned Parenthood and instead, indicted the creators of highly edited,
deceptive videos designed to undermine our nation's largest provider of women's
health care on felony charges of tampering with government records. In addition
to the Texas grand jury, twelve other states have concluded independent
investigations and cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.



 In light of overwhelming evidence that the House and Senate's taxpayer-funded
efforts to undermine Planned Parenthood are based purely on political pandering,
not facts, we write today to again encourage that Congressional Republicans
disband the House Select Investigative Committee, end all ongoing Congressional
investigations examining Planned Parenthood, and stop to political efforts to
undermine women's access to health care.



 The willful misuse of federal resources to push an anti-women and anti-abortion
agenda in the Congress is both inappropriate and wasteful. Since July 15, 2015,
when the Center for Medical Progress first released deceptive, edited videos
designed to discredit Planned Parenthood, Congressional Republicans have
launched five separate investigations into Planned Parenthood, four in the House
and one in the Senate. The House has voted five times and the Senate three times
to defund Planned Parenthood, and House Republicans held a five-hour hearing
with Planned Parenthood's CEO, Cecile Richards, in which her attempts to provide
informed responses were repeatedly rebuffed.



 The inappropriate political nature of Congressional Republican attacks on
Planned Parenthood is especially stark in light of overwhelming evidence
clearing Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. Twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent state investigations and
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight
states--California, Iowa, Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia,
and Colorado--have declined to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of
wrongdoing in the first place.



 These House and Senate "investigations" not only undermine taxpayers' trust in
Congress's integrity, but they also put women and families at risk. Already, the
House Select Investigative Committee has engaged in a widespread "document
collection" process that is undermining the privacy and safety of patients,
healthcare providers, and scientists seeking cures through medical
research--while wasting valuable federal resources in the process.



 The Select Committee's targeting of women who have received abortions, and the
doctors that provide them with such care, is dangerous and a deeply concerning
violation of patient privacy and the public trust.



 As the Republican District Attorney of Harris County said, "[W]e must go where
the evidence leads us. All the evidence uncovered in the course of this
investigation was presented to the grand jury." Unfortunately, the House Select
Committee does not wish to focus on the evidence, including the concerning
number of illegal activities in which the perpetrators chose to engage



 We urge you to use this as an opportunity to:



 &middot;         disband the taxpayer funded Select Investigative Committee on
Planned Parenthood and all other ongoing Congressional investigations;



 &middot;         fully reimburse U.S. taxpayers the more than $400,000 that
Republicans have wasted to create the Committee;



 &middot;         and put an end to the partisan political attempts to appeal to
extreme conservatives by undermining women's health and rights.







 Our country faces serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting
working families, creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and
communities we represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not
political attempts to undermine women's access to health care and investigate
their personal health care decisions. We urge you to listen to them.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Wyden Calls for End to Taxpayer-Funded Partisan Planned Parenthood
Investigations

LENGTH: 1093  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ron Wyden has issued the following news
release:



 Sen. Ron Wyden joined Democratic colleagues in calling for an end to ongoing,
politically-motivated House and Senate investigations into Planned Parenthood,
in light of the many independent state investigations across the country that
have cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.





 Wyden met in Medford last weekend with Planned Parenthood of Southwestern
Oregon. He and his fellow Democrats joined their colleagues in both chambers on
a letter this week to Republicans calling for an end to partisan investigations
of Planned Parenthood in the House and Senate, following the Texas grand jury's
decision last week to exonerate Planned Parenthood and indict the creators of
the highly fabricated, deceptive undercover videos designed to discredit Planned
Parenthood and undermine women's access to health care on federal charges.



 In their letter Tuesday to Republicans, the lawmakers wrote: "Our country faces
serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting working families,
creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and communities we
represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not political attempts
to undermine women's access to health care and investigate their personal health
care decisions. We urge you to listen to them."



 Twelve states join the Texas Grand Jury--Kansas, Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri and
South Dakota-- and have concluded independent state investigations and cleared
Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight states--California, Iowa,
Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Colorado--have declined
to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of wrongdoing in the first place.




 Senate sponsors include Wyden, Senators Murray (D-WA), Shaheen (D-NH),
Blumenthal (D-CT), Sanders (D-VT), Schumer (D-NY), Brown (D-OH), Baldwin (D-WI),
Markey (D-MA), Murphy (D-CT), Gillibrand (D-NY), Wyden (D-OR), Whitehouse
(D-RI), Feinstein (D-CA), Hirono (D-HI), Stabenow (D-MI), Schatz (D-HI), Franken
(D-MN), Warren (D-MA), Menendez (D-NJ), and Reid (D-NV).



 Full text of the letter is below:



 Dear Speaker Ryan, Majority Leaders McCarthy and McConnell, and Majority Whip
Cornyn:



 As you know, on Monday, January 25th, 2016, a Texas grand jury exonerated
Planned Parenthood and instead, indicted the creators of highly edited,
deceptive videos designed to undermine our nation's largest provider of women's
health care on felony charges of tampering with government records. In addition
to the Texas grand jury, twelve other states have concluded independent
investigations and cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.



 In light of overwhelming evidence that the House and Senate's taxpayer-funded
efforts to undermine Planned Parenthood are based purely on political pandering,
not facts, we write today to again encourage that Congressional Republicans
disband the House Select Investigative Committee, end all ongoing Congressional
investigations examining Planned Parenthood, and stop to political efforts to
undermine women's access to health care.



 The willful misuse of federal resources to push an anti-women and anti-abortion
agenda in the Congress is both inappropriate and wasteful. Since July 15, 2015,
when the Center for Medical Progress first released deceptive, edited videos
designed to discredit Planned Parenthood, Congressional Republicans have
launched five separate investigations into Planned Parenthood, four in the House
and one in the Senate. The House has voted five times and the Senate three times
to defund Planned Parenthood, and House Republicans held a five-hour hearing
with Planned Parenthood's CEO, Cecile Richards, in which her attempts to provide
informed responses were repeatedly rebuffed.



 The inappropriate political nature of Congressional Republican attacks on
Planned Parenthood is especially stark in light of overwhelming evidence
clearing Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. Twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent state investigations and
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight
states--California, Iowa, Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia,
and Colorado--have declined to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of
wrongdoing in the first place.



 These House and Senate "investigations" not only undermine taxpayers' trust in
Congress's integrity, but they also put women and families at risk. Already, the
House Select Investigative Committee has engaged in a widespread "document
collection" process that is undermining the privacy and safety of patients,
healthcare providers, and scientists seeking cures through medical
research--while wasting valuable federal resources in the process.



 The Select Committee's targeting of women who have received abortions, and the
doctors that provide them with such care, is dangerous and a deeply concerning
violation of patient privacy and the public trust.



 As the Republican District Attorney of Harris County said, "[W]e must go where
the evidence leads us. All the evidence uncovered in the course of this
investigation was presented to the grand jury." Unfortunately, the House Select
Committee does not wish to focus on the evidence, including the concerning
number of illegal activities in which the perpetrators chose to engage



 We urge you to use this as an opportunity to:



 &middot;         disband the taxpayer funded Select Investigative Committee on
Planned Parenthood and all other ongoing Congressional investigations;



 &middot;         fully reimburse U.S. taxpayers the more than $400,000 that
Republicans have wasted to create the Committee;



 &middot;         and put an end to the partisan political attempts to appeal to
extreme conservatives by undermining women's health and rights.







 Our country faces serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting
working families, creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and
communities we represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not
political attempts to undermine women's access to health care and investigate
their personal health care decisions. We urge you to listen to them.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Blumenthal, Colleagues Call for End to Taxpayer-Funded Partisan
Planned Parenthood Investigations

LENGTH: 1097  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Richard Blumenthal has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) joined U.S. Senators Patty
Murray (D-WA), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), and Reps. Diana DeGette (D-CO), Jan
Schakowsky (D-IL), and Louise Slaughter (D-NY) and their Democratic colleagues
in calling for an end to ongoing, politically-motivated House and Senate
investigations into Planned Parenthood in light of the many independent state
investigations across the country that have cleared Planned Parenthood of
wrongdoing.





 The Democrats joined their colleagues in both chambers on a letter to
Republicans calling for an end to partisan investigations of Planned Parenthood
in the House and Senate, following the Texas grand jury's decision last week to
exonerate Planned Parenthood and indict the creators of the highly fabricated,
deceptive undercover videos designed to discredit Planned Parenthood and
undermine women's access to health care on federal charges.



 In their letter to Republicans, the lawmakers wrote: "Our country faces serious
challenges when it comes to issues like supporting working families, creating
good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and communities we represent rightly
want us focused on efforts like these--not political attempts to undermine
women's access to health care and investigate their personal health care
decisions. We urge you to listen to them."



 Twelve states join the Texas Grand Jury--Kansas, Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri and
South Dakota-- and have concluded independent state investigations and cleared
Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight states--California, Iowa,
Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Colorado--have declined
to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of wrongdoing in the first place.




 Senate sponsors include Senators Murray (D-WA), Shaheen (D-NH), Blumenthal
(D-CT), Sanders (D-VT), Schumer (D-NY), Brown (D-OH), Baldwin (D-WI), Markey
(D-MA), Murphy (D-CT), Gillibrand (D-NY), Wyden (D-OR), Whitehouse (D-RI),
Feinstein (D-CA), Hirono (D-HI), Stabenow (D-MI), Schatz (D-HI), Franken (D-MN),
Warren (D-MA), Menendez (D-NJ), and Reid (D-NV).



 Full text of the letter is below:



 Dear Speaker Ryan, Majority Leaders McCarthy and McConnell, and Majority Whip
Cornyn:



 As you know, on Monday, January 25th, 2016, a Texas grand jury exonerated
Planned Parenthood and instead, indicted the creators of highly edited,
deceptive videos designed to undermine our nation's largest provider of women's
health care on felony charges of tampering with government records. In addition
to the Texas grand jury, twelve other states have concluded independent
investigations and cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.



 In light of overwhelming evidence that the House and Senate's taxpayer-funded
efforts to undermine Planned Parenthood are based purely on political pandering,
not facts, we write today to again encourage that Congressional Republicans
disband the House Select Investigative Committee, end all ongoing Congressional
investigations examining Planned Parenthood, and stop to political efforts to
undermine women's access to health care.



 The willful misuse of federal resources to push an anti-women and anti-abortion
agenda in the Congress is both inappropriate and wasteful. Since July 15, 2015,
when the Center for Medical Progress first released deceptive, edited videos
designed to discredit Planned Parenthood, Congressional Republicans have
launched five separate investigations into Planned Parenthood, four in the House
and one in the Senate. The House has voted five times and the Senate three times
to defund Planned Parenthood, and House Republicans held a five-hour hearing
with Planned Parenthood's CEO, Cecile Richards, in which her attempts to provide
informed responses were repeatedly rebuffed.



 The inappropriate political nature of Congressional Republican attacks on
Planned Parenthood is especially stark in light of overwhelming evidence
clearing Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. Twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent state investigations and
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight
states--California, Iowa, Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia,
and Colorado--have declined to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of
wrongdoing in the first place.



 These House and Senate "investigations" not only undermine taxpayers' trust in
Congress's integrity, but they also put women and families at risk. Already, the
House Select Investigative Committee has engaged in a widespread "document
collection" process that is undermining the privacy and safety of patients,
healthcare providers, and scientists seeking cures through medical
research--while wasting valuable federal resources in the process.



 The Select Committee's targeting of women who have received abortions, and the
doctors that provide them with such care, is dangerous and a deeply concerning
violation of patient privacy and the public trust.



 As the Republican District Attorney of Harris County said, "[W]e must go where
the evidence leads us. All the evidence uncovered in the course of this
investigation was presented to the grand jury." Unfortunately, the House Select
Committee does not wish to focus on the evidence, including the concerning
number of illegal activities in which the perpetrators chose to engage



 We urge you to use this as an opportunity to:



 o disband the taxpayer funded Select Investigative Committee on Planned
Parenthood and all other ongoing Congressional investigations;



 o fully reimburse U.S. taxpayers the more than $400,000 that Republicans have
wasted to create the Committee;



 o and put an end to the partisan political attempts to appeal to extreme
conservatives by undermining women's health and rights.



 Our country faces serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting
working families, creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and
communities we represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not
political attempts to undermine women's access to health care and investigate
their personal health care decisions. We urge you to listen to them.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 28, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Labor Dept. Shifts Whistle-Blower View;
Under Act, Workers Protected When Exposing Wrongdoing to Lawmakers

BYLINE: Christopher Lee, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 565 words


The Labor Department has changed its interpretation of a new corporate
whistle-blower law, a move that will afford workers who report wrongdoing to
Congress greater protection against retaliation, two senators said yesterday.

In a letter Friday to Sens. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) and Patrick J. Leahy
(D-Vt.), Acting Solicitor Howard M. Radzely reversed the department's contention
that only whistle-blower contacts with a "duly authorized" investigative
committee of Congress were protected, not those with just any lawmaker. That
initial department reading of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a corporate accountability
law enacted last summer, conflicted with what the two senators said they
intended when they wrote the whistle-blower protections into the bill.

"It is the department's view that . . . complaints to individual members of
Congress are protected, even if such member is not conducting an ongoing
committee investigation," Radzely wrote.

Grassley said the reversal would "make it easier for corporate whistle-blowers
to be protected when they speak out on wrongdoing in the boardroom."

"It's a big victory," said Blythe McCormack, a spokeswoman for Leahy.

Grassley and Leahy have sent several letters to White House officials seeking
assurances that the Bush administration understood the intent of the law. In
September, then-Labor Department solicitor Eugene Scalia filed a
friend-of-the-court brief with an administrative review board seeking to
overturn a $ 200,000 punitive damages award won by Assistant U.S. Attorney
Gregory C. Sasse of Ohio in a whistle-blower case against the Justice
Department.

Scalia, who resigned his post this month to return to private practice, had
argued that Sasse did not enjoy whistle-blower protection in his contacts with
Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich (D-Ohio), who was looking into reports of toxic
materials on federally owned land near the Cleveland airport. Only contacts with
investigative panel members are protected, Scalia wrote.

Scalia also argued that a federal prosecutor could not sue the Justice
Department over workplace disagreements involving priorities in government
litigation.

Sasse, who still has his job, said his supervisors downgraded his performance
reviews, did not grant him training opportunities and removed him from some
cases in retaliation for his contacts with Kucinich. An administrative law judge
ruled that the Justice Department had retaliated against Sasse and found that
his contacts with Kucinich were protected.

The Justice Department appealed to the administrative review board, which has
not yet ruled on the case.

Whistle-blower advocates said Scalia was attempting to use the case, which
concerns whistle-blower provisions in environmental protection laws, to
establish a precedent that would undermine whistle-blowers in cases against
corporations.

Jeff Ruch, executive director of Public Employees for Environmental
Responsibility, a group that defends federal workers on environmental issues,
said a central question of the Sasse case -- whether federal prosecutors can be
whistle-blowers -- remains unresolved.

A Labor Department spokeswoman declined to comment on the case because it is in
litigation.

Steven Bell, Sasse's attorney, said the department's reversal helps his client.
"The Labor Department is acknowledging that the substance of the brief it filed
is legally inaccurate," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

Lurie: Vick's 'lapse' forgivable

BYLINE: Steve Patton, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 675 words


Aug. 05--BETHLEHEM --There's a difference between a lapse in judgment and
wrongdoing, said Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeff rey Lurie.

That's why, he said, Michael Vick is still throwing passes for his football team
instead of looking for another employer, following a shooting at his 30th
birthday party in June.

"If there was wrongdoing, there was no way we were going to continue with
Michael and his career," said Lurie. "I've been very clear on that. There's no
question on that."

A day after NFL commissioner Roger Goodell offi cially cleared Vick of any
discipline related to the incident in Virginia Beach, Va., Lurie's annual
meeting with reporters at training camp was dominated by the topic.

"I have to deal with the facts," said Lurie. "I can't deal with people that are
happy we signed Michael Vick, unhappy we signed Michael Vick, want to create a
headline, want to discuss it in diff erent ways. That's not me."

Lurie said his approach to the incident never wavered, and that was to wait on
results of four investigations into the shooting: by police, the NFL, the Eagles
and the probation offi ce monitoring Vick following his release from prison last
year. Had any of them revealed wrongdoing by Vick, "there would have been no
tolerance for that." While he wasn't happy that Vick put himself in position to
be compromised by holding a party near his hometown, Lurie said that error in
judgment fell short of violating his defi -- nition of an offense that warranted
the player's dismissal. Neither did it qualify as giving Vick a third chance, he
said.

"You have to decide, is that chance based on wrongdoing or a lapse in judgment
to attend a party where he had no wrongdoing?" Lurie said. "That's I think for
all of us an interesting question.

"Those that hated that we signed Michael Vick or were very upset that we signed
Michael Vick -- and believe me, I understand that completely -- would probably
be quicker to jump and say: 'He showed lapse of judgment. That's a huge mistake.
End of career.' I don't feel that way."

Vick said he was "very relieved" by the decision from Goodell, and anxious to
focus on football.

"We had a great conversation," Vick said. "We're on the same page now."

Vick said that doesn't mean the two didn't see eye to eye prior to their
meeting, but was referring to "some things that I did that wasn't a part of our
plan, and that's why I was so disappointed in myself."

Vick wouldn't discuss specifics of the birthday party incident, other than to
reiterate that he shouldn't have held the party in a public setting. He also
said he would have no problem meeting Lurie's standard of "no tolerance" for
wrongdoing.

"You've got guys walking around doing it every day, leading a life they're
supposed to lead and enjoying themselves and doing the right thing, and that's
what it's all about," said Vick. "So it's not hard to live a zero tolerance.
Just put yourself in the right situations at all times and think through
situations fi rst."

Lurie said upon signing Vick last year that he expected the player to be an
"agent of change" through his work in the community, and said the player has met
that standard in appearances with "a message of hope and a message of redemption
that does hit home for kids that are from real disadvantaged communities."

Yet Lurie said he doesn't yet know if taking the risk and signing Vick was worth
it -- "I think that answer is at least a year away" -- and admitted he can only
hope the player stays out of trouble.

"I do worry about it," he said. "You worry about it with a lot of players, not
just Michael, but you worry about it because there's been history."

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100805-RE-Lurie-Vick-s-lapse-forgivable-20100805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Shaheen Calls for End to Taxpayer-Funded, Partisan Planned
Parenthood Investigations

LENGTH: 1132  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), U.S. Senators Patty Murray (D-WA),
Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), as well as Reps. Diana DeGette (D-CO), Jan Schakowsky
(D-IL), Louise Slaughter (D-NY) and their Democratic colleagues called for an
end to ongoing, politically-motivated House and Senate investigations into
Planned Parenthood, in light of the many independent state investigations across
the country that have cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.





 The Democrats joined their colleagues in both chambers on a letter to
Republicans calling for an end to partisan investigations of Planned Parenthood
in the House and Senate, following the Texas grand jury's decision last week to
exonerate Planned Parenthood and indict the creators of the highly fabricated,
deceptive undercover videos designed to discredit Planned Parenthood and
undermine women's access to health care on federal charges.



 "The so-called 'Center for Medical Progress' set out from the beginning to
limit women's reproductive rights. Since their misleading videos have come out,
twelve states have conducted independent investigations and every one of them
has cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing," said Shaheen. "It's time to
follow the facts rather than ideology. The taxpayer shouldn't be footing the
bill for politically motivated investigations, which is why I'm calling for this
investigation of Planned Parenthood in Congress to end."



 In addition to the grand jury in Texas, twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent investigations and cleared
Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight states--California, Iowa,
Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Colorado--have declined
to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence.



 Senate sponsors include Senators Shaheen (D-NH), Murray (D-WA), Blumenthal
(D-CT), Sanders (D-VT), Schumer (D-NY), Brown (D-OH), Baldwin (D-WI), Markey
(D-MA), Murphy (D-CT), Gillibrand (D-NY), Wyden (D-OR), Whitehouse (D-RI),
Feinstein (D-CA), Hirono (D-HI), Stabenow (D-MI), Schatz (D-HI), Franken (D-MN),
Warren (D-MA), Menendez (D-NJ), and Reid (D-NV).



 Full text of the letter is below:



 Dear Speaker Ryan, Majority Leaders McCarthy and McConnell, and Majority Whip
Cornyn:



 As you know, on Monday, January 25th, 2016, a Texas grand jury exonerated
Planned Parenthood and instead, indicted the creators of highly edited,
deceptive videos designed to undermine our nation's largest provider of women's
health care on felony charges of tampering with government records. In addition
to the Texas grand jury, twelve other states have concluded independent
investigations and cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing.



 In light of overwhelming evidence that the House and Senate's taxpayer-funded
efforts to undermine Planned Parenthood are based purely on political pandering,
not facts, we write today to again encourage that Congressional Republicans
disband the House Select Investigative Committee, end all ongoing Congressional
investigations examining Planned Parenthood, and stop to political efforts to
undermine women's access to health care.



 The willful misuse of federal resources to push an anti-women and anti-abortion
agenda in the Congress is both inappropriate and wasteful. Since July 15, 2015,
when the Center for Medical Progress first released deceptive, edited videos
designed to discredit Planned Parenthood, Congressional Republicans have
launched five separate investigations into Planned Parenthood, four in the House
and one in the Senate. The House has voted five times and the Senate three times
to defund Planned Parenthood, and House Republicans held a five-hour hearing
with Planned Parenthood's CEO, Cecile Richards, in which her attempts to provide
informed responses were repeatedly rebuffed.



 The inappropriate political nature of Congressional Republican attacks on
Planned Parenthood is especially stark in light of overwhelming evidence
clearing Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. Twelve states--Kansas, Florida, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, Washington, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri and South Dakota--have concluded independent state investigations and
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. An additional eight
states--California, Iowa, Delaware, Idaho, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia,
and Colorado--have declined to even investigate, citing a lack of evidence of
wrongdoing in the first place.



 These House and Senate "investigations" not only undermine taxpayers' trust in
Congress's integrity, but they also put women and families at risk. Already, the
House Select Investigative Committee has engaged in a widespread "document
collection" process that is undermining the privacy and safety of patients,
healthcare providers, and scientists seeking cures through medical
research--while wasting valuable federal resources in the process.



 The Select Committee's targeting of women who have received abortions, and the
doctors that provide them with such care, is dangerous and a deeply concerning
violation of patient privacy and the public trust.



 As the Republican District Attorney of Harris County said, "[W]e must go where
the evidence leads us. All the evidence uncovered in the course of this
investigation was presented to the grand jury." Unfortunately, the House Select
Committee does not wish to focus on the evidence, including the concerning
number of illegal activities in which the perpetrators chose to engage



 We urge you to use this as an opportunity to:



 &middot;



 disband the taxpayer funded Select Investigative Committee on Planned
Parenthood and all other ongoing Congressional investigations;



 &middot;



 fully reimburse U.S. taxpayers the more than $400,000 that Republicans have
wasted to create the Committee;



 &middot;



 and put an end to the partisan political attempts to appeal to extreme
conservatives by undermining women's health and rights.



 Our country faces serious challenges when it comes to issues like supporting
working families, creating good jobs, and boosting wages. The families and
communities we represent rightly want us focused on efforts like these--not
political attempts to undermine women's access to health care and investigate
their personal health care decisions. We urge you to listen to them.



 Sincerely,



 CC: Chairman Blackburn, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Upton, Chairman Chaffetz,
and Chairman Grassley



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday
                                 Fourth Edition

Drug giants fined $11bn for criminal wrongdoing;
Fines are not enough to reform drug industry, warn lawyers

BYLINE: JEREMY LAURANCE Health Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 629 words


The global pharmaceutical industry has racked up fines of more than $11bn in the
past three years for criminal wrongdoing, including withholding safety data and
promoting drugs for use beyond their licensed conditions.

In all, 26 companies, including eight of the 10 top players in the global
industry, have been found to be acting dishonestly. The scale of the wrongdoing,
revealed for the first time, has undermined public and professional trust in the
industry and is holding back clinical progress, according to two papers
published in today's New England Journal of Medicine. Leading lawyers have
warned that the multibillion-dollar fines are not enough to change the
industry's behaviour.

The 26 firms are under "corporate integrity agreements", which are imposed in
the US when healthcare wrongdoing is detected, and place the companies on notice
for good behaviour for up to five years.

The largest fine of $3bn, imposed on the UK-based company GlaxoSmith-Kline in
July after it admitted three counts of criminal behaviour in the US courts, was
the largest ever. But GSK is not alone - nine other companies have had fines
imposed, ranging from $420m on Novartis to $2.3bn on Pfizer since 2009,
totalling over $11bn.

Kevin Outterson, a lawyer at Boston University, says that despite the eye
watering size of the fines they amount to a small proportion of the companies'
total revenues and may be regarded as a "cost of doing business". The $3bn fine
on GSK represents 10.8 per cent of its revenue while the $1.5bn fine imposed on
Abbott Laboratories, for promoting a drug (Depakote) with inadequate evidence of
its effectiveness, amounted to 12 per cent.

Mr Outterson said: "Companies might well view such fines as a quite small
percentage of their global revenue. If so, little has been done to change the
system. The government merely recoups a portion of the financial fruit of firms'
past misdeeds."

He argues that penalties should be imposed on executives rather than the company
as whole. He cites a Boston whistleblower attorney, Robert Thomas who observed
that GSK had committed a $1bn crime and "no individual has been held
responsible".

Following GSK's admission that it had withheld safety data about its
best-selling diabetes drug Avandia, the company pledged to make more clinical
trial information available. But the pledge has "disturbing exceptions",
according to Mr Outterson, and in any case is made under the corporate integrity
agreement, which expires in five years.

Trust in the industry among doctors has fallen so low that they dismiss clinical
trials funded by it, even when the trials have been conducted with scientific
rigour, according to a second paper in the journal by researchers at Brigham and
Women's Hospital, Boston. This could have serious implications because most
medical research is funded by the drug industry and "if physicians are reluctant
to trust all such research, it could hinder the translation of ??? research into
practice," said Aaron Kesselheim, who led the study.

Andrew Witty, the chief executive of GSK, said at the time of the $3bn
settlement last July that it had resolved "difficult, long-standing matters" for
the company and that there had since been a "fundamental change in procedures"
including the removal of staff engaged in misconduct and changes to incentive
payments.

The Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry said practices in the
industry had improved and more changes to "build greater levels of trust" would
be made. The UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency said it
monitored the conduct of companies and took "appropriate action" when it
uncovered malpractice.

MEDICAL BILL

WHAT BIG FIRMS HAVE HAD TO PAY

gsk

$3bn

Pfizer

$2.3bn

Abbott

$1.5bn

Johnson & Johnson

$1.5bn-$2.2bn

MERCK

$0.95bn

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2012 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 410  words


'Strenuously denies any wrongdoing'

NEW YORK - A son of the city police commissioner is under investigation by
prosecutors and denies any wrongdoing, his lawyer said yesterday, without
elaborating on the allegations.

Greg Kelly, a local television show co-host and a son of Police Commissioner
Raymond Kelly, is cooperating with the Manhattan district attorney's office
investigation and "strenuously denies any wrongdoing of any kind," lawyer Andrew
Lankler said in an emailed statement.

"We know that the District Attorney's investigation will prove Mr. Kelly's
innocence," Lankler said. He didn't immediately respond to questions last night.
The DA's office declined to comment.

16 million Americans have oral HPV

CHICAGO - About 16 million Americans have oral HPV, a sexually transmitted virus
more commonly linked with cervical cancer that also can cause mouth cancer,
according to the first nationwide estimate.

HPV - human papilloma virus - is increasingly recognized as a major cause of
oral cancers affecting the back of the tongue and tonsil area. Until now, it was
not known how many people have oral HPV infections. Overall, 7 percent of
Americans aged 14 to 69 are infected, the study found.

But the results are not cause for alarm. While mouth cancers are on the rise
most people with oral HPV will never develop cancer.

Durable goods orders increase

WASHINGTON, D.C. - Orders to U.S. factories for long-lasting manufactured goods
increased in December, lifted by solid business spending on machinery and
equipment.

The second straight monthly gain in durable goods offered more evidence the
economy started the year with momentum.

Orders for durable goods rose 3 percent last month, the Commerce Department said
today. Durable goods are products expected to last at least three years.

Mass. boat found off Spanish coast

BOSTON - A small fishing boat lost off Massachusetts after its crew was thrown
out in rough seas has been discovered near Spain more than three years later.

Scott Douglas and Rich St. Pierre were tossed off the 26-foot-long boat in
August 2008 and forced to swim two hours to shore. The U.S. Coast Guard says the
boat was left adrift because the seas were so dangerous.

But the Coast Guard said yesterday that the boat was found 20 miles off Spain on
Jan. 17. It was intact but covered in rust and barnacles. The Coast Guard says
the boat likely got into the Gulf Stream, then headed east with the North
Atlantic Current for the 4,000-mile trip.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 20, 2012 Thursday 3:47 AM GMT

Drug giants fined $11bn for criminal wrongdoing;
Fines are not enough to reform drug industry, warn lawyers

BYLINE: By Jeremy Laurance

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


The global pharmaceutical industry has racked up fines of more than $11bn in the
past three years for criminal wrongdoing, including withholding safety data and
promoting drugs for use beyond their licensed conditions.

In all, 26 companies, including eight of the 10 top players in the global
industry, have been found to be acting dishonestly. The scale of the wrongdoing,
revealed for the first time, has undermined public and professional trust in the
industry and is holding back clinical progress, according to two papers
published in today's New England Journal of Medicine. Leading lawyers have
warned that the multibillion-dollar fines are not enough to change the
industry's behaviour.

The 26 firms are under "corporate integrity agreements", which are imposed in
the US when healthcare wrongdoing is detected, and place the companies on notice
for good behaviour for up to five years.

The largest fine of $3bn, imposed on the UK-based company GlaxoSmith-Kline in
July after it admitted three counts of criminal behaviour in the US courts, was
the largest ever. But GSK is not alone - nine other companies have had fines
imposed, ranging from $420m on Novartis to $2.3bn on Pfizer since 2009,
totalling over $11bn.

Kevin Outterson, a lawyer at Boston University, says that despite the eye
watering size of the fines they amount to a small proportion of the companies'
total revenues and may be regarded as a "cost of doing business". The $3bn fine
on GSK represents 10.8 per cent of its revenue while the $1.5bn fine imposed on
Abbott Laboratories, for promoting a drug (Depakote) with inadequate evidence of
its effectiveness, amounted to 12 per cent.

Mr Outterson said: "Companies might well view such fines as a quite small
percentage of their global revenue. If so, little has been done to change the
system. The government merely recoups a portion of the financial fruit of firms'
past misdeeds."

He argues that penalties should be imposed on executives rather than the company
as whole. He cites a Boston whistleblower attorney, Robert Thomas who observed
that GSK had committed a $1bn crime and "no individual has been held
responsible".

Following GSK's admission that it had withheld safety data about its
best-selling diabetes drug Avandia, the company pledged to make more clinical
trial information available. But the pledge has "disturbing exceptions",
according to Mr Outterson, and in any case is made under the corporate integrity
agreement, which expires in five years.

Trust in the industry among doctors has fallen so low that they dismiss clinical
trials funded by it, even when the trials have been conducted with scientific
rigour, according to a second paper in the journal by researchers at Brigham and
Women's Hospital, Boston. This could have serious implications because most
medical research is funded by the drug industry and "if physicians are reluctant
to trust all such research, it could hinder the translation of ... research into
practice," said Aaron Kesselheim, who led the study.

Andrew Witty, the chief executive of GSK, said at the time of the $3bn
settlement last July that it had resolved "difficult, long-standing matters" for
the company and that there had since been a "fundamental change in procedures"
including the removal of staff engaged in misconduct and changes to incentive
payments.

The Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry said practices in the
industry had improved and more changes to "build greater levels of trust" would
be made. The UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency said it
monitored the conduct of companies and took "appropriate action" when it
uncovered malpractice.

Alzheimer's funding 'must continue'

Governments, universities and charities should step in to ensure funding is
maintained for research into Alzheimer's disease, following a series of failed
drug trials, experts said yesterday.

They were responding to yesterday's report that the world's leading drug
companies are giving up on the search for a cure, scaling back their
neuroscience departments and focusing on symptomatic, rather than
disease-modifying, treatments.

A spokesman for the Alzheimer's Society said: "This is not the time to back away
from dementia research. Despite costing the economy more than cancer and heart
disease, funding for research into dementia is only a fraction of these
conditions. More funding is urgently needed if we are to defeat it."

Jeremy Laurance

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2012 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Groton school board panel urges policy to protect employees who report
wrongdoing

BYLINE: Deborah Straszheim, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


April 08--GROTON -- A Board of Education committee on Monday recommended the
school board implement a policy that would encourage employees to file
complaints if they see wrongdoing by another employee, and prohibit retaliation
against those who file such complaints.

The policy will go to the full board for a vote on April 28.

"In a nutshell it says that the board is committed to a lawful and ethical
environment and if there are violations of that they will be reported,"
Superintendent Michael Graner said.

The draft comes a little more than one year after the school board fired
Superintendent Paul Kadri for alleged mistreatment of employees.

The board fired Kadri on March 5, 2013, 10 months after placing him on leave and
ordering an investigation into claims he was bullying, harassing and
intimidating employees, mostly women. One of the issues that arose during the
investigation was the reluctance of people to report problems or to follow up on
complaints.

The proposed policy defines a complaint as "reporting what one reasonably and
genuinely believes is wrongdoing by way of unethical or unlawful conduct by
another employee, contractor, official or volunteer in the course of his or her
employment or service for the board."

The draft policy stops short of requiring anyone with knowledge of wrongdoing to
report it; rather it says people "should" report such matters.

If an employee does file a complaint, it must be done in writing with
documentation, the draft policy says. It defines wrongdoing as behavior such as
mismanagement, dishonesty, fraud, neglect and other misconduct.

The proposal says the board will keep identities of employees who file
complaints confidential as much as possible, but they may have to be disclosed
to investigate the matter or provide the accused person legal rights as part of
a defense.

The proposed policy specifically forbids retaliation.

"Any individual who makes a report in good faith will not be discharged,
disciplined, threatened, harassed, penalized or discriminated against for
reporting what they perceive to be wrongdoing," the draft states.

It adds that if this occurs, the person retaliating "will be subject to
discipline, up to and including termination of employment."

d.straszheim@theday.com

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140408-NL-Groton-school-board-panel-urges-policy-to-protect-employees-who-repo
rt-wrongdoing-0408-20140408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 1, 2006 Thursday

Compliance and ethics programs crucial to investigators

BYLINE: Rick Stouffer

LENGTH: 465 words


Employees have a responsibility to their employer to come forward and report
wrongdoing, U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan said Wednesday.

"They (employees) ought to want to do the right thing; they aren't foes of the
company," Buchanan said, speaking at Duquesne University's Ethics Luncheon Forum
at the Duquesne Club, Downtown.

Some people question investigators going to individuals for assistance in
corporate investigations, but Buchanan said that without employee assistance,
few investigations can proceed.

"You need individuals in a corporation to help in the investigation," Buchanan
said. "If the corporation helps in the investigation, it goes a long way."

Companies must create strong compliance and ethics programs to deter law
violations and to detect problems earlier, Buchanan said. She said compliance
and ethics programs are directly linked to a corporation's liability should
wrongdoing be found.

"An effective compliance and ethics program may prevent violations of the law,
and will help detect violations of law sooner than later," Buchanan said.

A company's compliance and ethics program basically helps detect wrongdoing,
fosters quick investigations and helps minimize consequences. It also
demonstrates the company's ethical and legal philosophy during an investigation,
and helps reduce fines if the company is found guilty of wrongdoing.

"Compliance and ethics programs are good as long as they are done ethically,"
said Steve Kohn, chairman of the National Whistleblower Center, Washington, D.C.
He said compliance and ethics programs are the frontline for addressing problems
at a company.

"An effective compliance and ethics program provides anonymity to individuals
without fear of retaliation," said Peter Blume, a partner and head of the
corporate practice group at the law firm Thorp, Reed & Armstrong, Pittsburgh.

Because the number of corporate prosecutions is so low, Buchanan said, she's
heard talk around the country that some companies believe strong compliance and
ethics programs aren't worth the money needed to maintain them. That mindset is
wrong, she said.

"Programs that are effective help lessen charges if they ever are brought,"
Blume said. "And prosecutors take into account whether or not a company has a
robust compliance and ethics program in place. They do give credit."

With passage of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, compliance and ethics programs
were given teeth, said Steve Kohn, chairman of the National Whistleblower
Center, Washington, D.C.

"Sarbanes-Oxley changed the nature of compliance and ethics programs," Kohn
said. "All employees are provided anonymity when talking with investigators, all
programs are required to be independent, and companies have to do something with
the information collected, if only filing it."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Grand jury report cites 'unprofessional conduct,' but no 'criminal wrongdoing,'
by Johnstown Police Department in Baker investigation

BYLINE: Dave Sutor, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


March 15--Somewhat vaguely, a grand jury that investigated allegations of sexual
abuse made against Brother Stephen Baker accused law enforcement officers within
the Johnstown Police Department of "unprofessional conduct."

But it also found no "conclusive evidence" existed of any legal wrongdoing.

"I cannot elaborate on that any further," Attorney General Kathleen Kane said
when asked to elaborate during a press conference on Tuesday inside the
University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown Living Learning Center.

"All I can tell you is that through the evidence and the testimony that was
presented, the grand jurors found -- and the deputy attorney general and agents
-- did not find that there was any criminal wrongdoing on the part of any
officer engaged within the Johnstown Police Department," Kane said.

The AG's office displayed a chart during the press conference, showing the
department's chain of command from Chief Craig Foust to Capt. Andrew Frear to
Sgt. Thomas Owens to Juvenile Det. Julie Wagner.

There was a separate information box for the chief:

"Craig Foust, GJ

Johnstown PD Chief

Jan 2003-Present

Took call from

Bartchak re BAKER

(BMHS graduate as

well as his 2 sons)

Foust, 3 (8/14)"

That went into:

"Info passed

down to Det

Wagner

Foust, 4 (8/14)"

"I can't speak to anything beyond the presentment here today," Deputy Attorney
General Daniel Dye said. "I can tell you that everything's ongoing. We aren't
turning a blind eye to anything, whether it be failure of law enforcement to
act, whether it be actions that occurred within the diocese. We're looking at
absolutely everything, turning over every single stone."

Baker is accused of sexually abusing more than 80 students at what was called
Bishop McCort High School when he served there officially from 1992 until 2000
and continued to have access afterward.

In August 2014, The Tribune-Democrat learned through a right-to-know request,
the Johnstown Police Department knew about accusations made against Baker,
including one provided on Jan. 24, 2013, shortly after other allegations against
Baker publicly surfaced.

According to another report by Wagner, dated June 29, 2012, two other alleged
Baker victims were identified to the department in early December 2011,
apparently passed along by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona -- Johnstown,
led by Bishop Mark Bartchak. Wagner reported she left two phone messages with
one of the individuals, but did not receive a response by the middle of the
following year.

Originally, the report stated the statute of limitations for the individual who
had been contacted expired. However, in a supplemental statement issued on Jan.
21, 2013, Wagner issued a correction, in which she explained because of a "new
and current" law, neither accuser had exceeded the statute of limitations.

Baker died from a reported suicide on Jan. 26, 2013.

Foust, in a previous interview, said the alleged victims did not want to
cooperate with the investigations, "so there was nothing we could do." He said
the department conducted a "thorough investigation."

The information was not passed along to the Cambria County District Attorney's
office.

It is not clear whether those actions are what the grand jury meant by
"unprofessional conduct."

Foust could not be reached for comment.

Dave Sutor is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be reached at (814)
532-5056. Follow him on Twitter @Dave_Sutor.

___ (c)2016 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160315-JO-Grand-jury-report-cites-unprofessional-conduct-but-no-criminal-
wrongdoing-by-Johnstown-Police-Department-in-Baker-investigation-0315-20160315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2016 The Tribune-Democrat


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

The board member, the gambler, the golfer and the insider trading plot;
Ex-Dean Foods chairman charged in 5-year scheme

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy and A.J. Perez

SECTION: ; Pg. Z1

LENGTH: 854 words


Phil Mickelson is not accused of wrongdoing.

Dean Foods' headquarters is housed in Dallas.

NEW YORK A multimillion-dollar insider-trading scheme stretched from the
boardroom of the nation's largest dairy processor to the world of professional
gambling and even enmeshed famed golfer Phil Mickelson, federal prosecutors and
regulators alleged Thursday.

Announcing charges in a five-year conspiracy, authorities said former Dean Foods
(DF) chairman Thomas Davis systematically fed secret corporate information about
his Dallas-based dairy giant and another company to Las Vegas gambler William
"Billy" Walters.

Walters used the information to rack up $43 million in illegal profits and
avoided losses, said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and Andrew Ceresney,
head of enforcement for the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The authorities filed parallel criminal and civil insider trading cases in
Manhattan federal court.

Walters allegedly fed some of the information to Mickelson, who made $931,000 in
profits on winning trades of Dean Foods shares, Ceresney said.

Charged with criminal conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud, Walters was
arrested Wednesday in Las Vegas.

Davis has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with investigators. Mickelson was
charged in the SEC's civil case as a relief defendant - a person who is not
accused of wrongdoing but who has received property or benefits linked to
illegal activity.

Without admitting or denying the allegations, Mickelson agreed to pay more than
$1 million from the combined Dean Foods trading profits and pre-judgment
interest, Ceresney said.

"Phil was an innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was
unaware of. Phil is innocent of any wrongdoing," the golfer's attorneys, Gregory
Craig and Pat Swan, said in a statement.

Walters was the alleged linchpin of the plot, arranging lucrative loans for
Davis when the Dean Foods board member was desperate for cash and giving
Mickelson a way to reap profits when the golfer owed money to the gambler,
according to court filings and investigators.

"With a direct channel into Dean Foods' boardroom, Walters allegedly traded in
advance of good news and bad news alike," Bharara said at a Manhattan news
conference.

"As alleged, it was all good news for Walters, because he had the information
before everyone else - he had tomorrow's headlines today," Bharara said.

Defense attorney Barry Berke issued a statement that described Walters as "a
true American success story, whose extraordinary accomplishments as a lawful
sports gambler have been widely recognized and lauded."

The statement said Walters and his legal team "look forward to his day in court
where it will be shown that the prosecutors' accusations are based on erroneous
assumptions, speculative theories and false finger-pointing."

From at least 2008 to 2014, Davis allegedly tipped Walters to upcoming earnings
reports and other information about not only Dean Foods but also Darden
Restaurants (DRI), the parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains,
the criminal charging documents alleged.

Davis got the information from a law firm that had tried to recruit him to
invest in Darden, court filings show.

The information included improper advance word of Dean's spinoff of WhiteWave
Foods in 2012, the filings charged.

Walters, who allegedly knew Davis had violated his corporate responsibilities,
used the information to execute trades of Dean Food shares that generated
approximately $32 million in realized and unrealized profits and roughly $11
million in avoided losses, the 39-page criminal indictment alleged.

Using the secret information from Davis, Walters allegedly executed trades in
shares of Darden stock that produced approximately $1 million in profits.

Walters allegedly gave Davis a prepaid cellphone to use when the two discussed
confidential corporate information.

Trying to avoid detection, they used the code words "Dallas Cowboys" when
discussing pending Dean Foods corporate plans, Bharara said.

Walters phoned Mickelson in 2012 and urged him to trade in Dean Foods stock, the
SEC complaint alleged.

Mickelson, who owed money to Walters at the time of the call, followed the
gambler's advice.

The bet paid off as Dean Foods shares soared 40% about a week later after the
announcement of the WhiteWave spinoff, the SEC complaint charged.

"Simply put, Mickelson made money that wasn't his to make," Ceresney said.

He rejected any speculation that the absence of stronger direct charges against
the golfer might signal preferential legal treatment.

In return for the secret information, Walters gave Davis financial benefits,
including approximately $1 million in loans that largely were not repaid, the
indictment charged.

The SEC complaint alleged that Davis gave Walters "sneak previews" of at least
six of Dean Foods' quarterly earnings announcements in addition to the leak
about the WhiteWave spinoff.

Davis used the Walters-arranged financial benefits and loans to repay debts,
including $100,000 the Dean chairman had wrongfully taken from a Dallas-based
charity he managed, the SEC complaint alleged.

Contributing: Matt Krantz

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cost of wrongdoing: $18M;
Fund, financier agree to pay up

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy, USA TODAY,

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 509 words


Billionaire hedge fund manager Philip Falcone and his advisory company will pay
more than $18 million and admit wrongdoing in a settlement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission over his use of fund assets to pay personal expenses and
other costs.

In a break with SEC tradition in which settlements typically include no
acknowledgment of wrongdoing, the once-highflying financier Falcone and his
firm, Harbinger Capital Partners, admitted to multiple acts of misconduct and
acting "recklessly" in the settlement issued Monday.

Falcone will  be barred from the securities industry for at least five years.
The SEC's enforcement staff had initially approved a settlement in July, but
agency commissioners rejected it as too lenient, several news organizations
reported.

The SEC alleged in 2012 that Falcone improperly used $113 million in fund assets
to pay his personal taxes, secretly favored redemption requests by some hedge
fund investors at the expense of others and conducted an improper "short
squeeze" in bonds issued by a Canadian manufacturer.

The agreement must still be approved by a New York federal court.

"Falcone and Harbinger engaged in serious misconduct that harmed investors, and
their admissions leave no doubt that they violated the federal securities laws,"
said Andrew Ceresney, co-director of the SEC's enforcement division.

Falcone made billions of dollars shorting the subprime loan market. He then lost
billions on LightSquared, an effort to convert satellite radio frequencies to a
new cellular service.

But the consent agreement shows Falcone owed more than $100 million in state and
federal taxes in 2009. He called Peter Jenson, Harbinger's former chief
operating officer, to discuss the issue. Jenson, who is also an SEC defendant,
said no bank would accept Falcone's hedge fund interests as collateral.

The settlement shows Jenson proposed that Falcone get appraisals of his two
Manhattan townhouses and artwork. Jenson also raised the idea of borrowing
against other assets, including Falcone's  interest in the NHL's Minnesota Wild
hockey team and a St. Barts  estate.

But Falcone directed Jenson to arrange a loan from a Harbinger Capital  fund.
The SEC said Falcone got the loan at a rate below what the fund was paying to
borrow money. He failed to disclose the debt to investors for  five months.

The SEC also said Falcone and Harbinger granted favorable redemption and
liquidity terms to some  investors in his HCP Fund I. That wasn't disclosed to
the fund's board of directors and other investors.

Falcone allegedly retaliated against Goldman Sachs after hearing rumors it was
shorting bonds of MAAX Holdings, a Canadian manufacturer. Harbinger bought the
remaining outstanding bonds, then demanded that Goldman settle its outstanding
transactions and deliver the bonds that it owed.

But Harbinger didn't reveal it would be virtually impossible to buy any bonds
because Harbinger controlled the supply and wasn't selling.

The settlement said the interference with the market caused the bonds to more
than double in price.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Bloomberg News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Insider trading settlement is delayed

BYLINE: Dina ElBoghdady

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 647 words


A federal judge gave tentative approval Tuesday to a record $602 million
insider-trading settlement between federal regulators and SAC Capital Advisors,
but there was a hitch.

U.S. District Judge Victor Marrero in Manhattan approved just about every aspect
of the deal that the Securities and Exchange Commission negotiated with the
storied hedge fund. But he questioned whether SAC should have to admit
wrongdoing and held off on final approval until a similar issue involving
Citigroup is resolved in another court.

The decision reignited a debate that began nearly two years ago when Judge Jed
S. Rakoff rejected a $285 million settlement with Citigroup, in part because the
deal included neither-admit-nor-deny language. The SEC has appealed, and the
case is pending before a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit.

The Citigroup case has created headaches for the SEC by emboldening a handful of
judges to voice their deep discomfort with the boilerplate clause that routinely
allows companies to pay fines without acknowledging liability.

"It seems like Judge Rakoff started a mini-trend," said Erik Gerding, a
professor at the University of Colorado Law School. "I think he's blazed a trail
for other federal judges to question whether the emperor has clothes."

In the Citigroup case, the company had agreed to settle allegations that it
misled investors into buying deteriorating assets in a weakening housing market.
Rakoff ruled that because Citigroup did not admit or deny wrongdoing, he had no
way of knowing if the settlement size he was asked to approve was too little or
too much.

"Since then, there have been a handful of judges that have asked the SEC for
more explanation for its failure to wring an admission out of a defendant," said
Adam C. Pritchard, a professor at the University of Michigan Law School.

This year, a federal judge in Colorado initially refused to approve a settlement
involving an alleged $16 million Ponzi scheme run by Bridge Premium Finance,
citing the SEC's failure to get an admission of wrongdoing from the company.

In December 2011, a federal judge in Wisconsin scrutinized a settlement between
the SEC and Koss Corp. and cited Rakoff's decision. Officials at the
Milwaukee-based firm were accused of accounting fraud, but they did not admit or
deny misdeeds.

In both cases, the judges eventually approved the settlements. But judges
continue to more closely scrutinize SEC settlements. Recently, another federal
judge refused to accept a foreign bribery settlement announced in March 2011 by
the SEC and IBM, which did not admit or deny wrongdoing. The judge wants IBM to
comply with even more terms.

Add to the list the Marrero decision involving SAC Capital Advisors, which
agreed to settle an alleged insider-trading case involving its affiliate, CR
Intrinsic Investors. The SEC accused a CR Intrinsic portfolio manager of getting
secret tips from a neurologist about the results of a clinical trial involving
an Alzheimer's drug.

Marrero said he approves of the $602 million settlement as long as it complies
with the court's findings in the Citigroup appeal, which should determine
whether Rakoff exceeded his authority in rejecting the Citigroup deal.

"Under the circumstances, the most prudent course the Court sees open to it
would be to approve the settlement subject to a condition that it would become
final upon a definitive determination in the Citigroup appeal," Marrero wrote in
his 34-page decision.

The SEC said it is reviewing the decision.

The appeals court has sympathized with the SEC's position. The SEC has said that
most companies would refuse to settle if they had to admit wrongdoing. The
admissions would expose them to lawsuits, so they would fight in court, a
process that could delay compensation to harmed investors - if the SEC even wins
the case.

dina@washpost.com

Eddy Palanzo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

BRIEF: AASNE spokesman: No wrongdoing by former AMR workers

BYLINE: Sunday, April 14, 2013, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 229 words


April 14--Editor's note: Foster's held editorial board meetings with two
competing ambulance companies. Below is the result of those meetings.

By Andrea Bulfinch

abulfinch@fosters.com

DOVER -- Speaking on behalf of American Ambulance Services of New England
(AASNE), Charles Maymon, regional chief executive officer, told Foster's Daily
Democrat Editorial Board Friday there was absolutely no wrongdoing on the part
of the four former employees of American Medical Response (AMR) now working at
AASNE.

"The folks who have come over from AMR have done nothing wrong," Maymon said.

The two ambulance service companies are competing for a contract with the city
of Somersworth and are currently going through the request for proposals (RFP)
process.

This is the first time AASNE has gone through the RFP process in the Granite
State.

He said his company is also looking for opportunities in Massachusetts,
something he suspects AMR will be displeased with.

While a lawsuit remains in litigation at Suffolk County Superior Court in
Boston, Mass., Maymon said the four former AMR employees named in the suit are
not guilty of the claims AMR is alleging, including intellectual property theft
and breach of noncompete agreements.

___ (c)2013 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130414-1FD-BRF-AASNE-spokesman-No-wrongdoing
-by-former-AMR-workers-0414-20130414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2013 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

STUDIO INVESTIGATION CENTERS ON CONTRACT OF PRODUCER AT FOX

BYLINE: By JEFF GERTH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7


An inquiry by the Los Angeles District Attorney precipitated by the suicide of
Norman Garey, a lawyer for Daniel Melnick, the movie producer, is focusing on a
contract between Mr. Melnick and the 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation that was
terminated last August.

Mr. Garey shot himself Aug. 18, in the midst of negotiations to dissolve the
contract. Shortly before, he had told his wife and others that he was concerned
about a ''mistake'' he had made during the negotiations, according to Robert K.
Wrede, another of Mr.  Melnick's attorneys.

Both Mr. Melnick and Fox deny any financial irregularities or wrongdoing.
''There was no wrongdoing, no deep dark secret,'' Mr.  Wrede said, adding:
''Norman Garey's death was tragic, but did not evidence any wrongdoing or
omission.''

The Los Angeles County coroner ruled Mr. Garey's death a suicide, though Mr.
Garey left behind no note.

Provisions of Contract

Investigators, who describe the inquiry as preliminary, acknowledge that they
have received no complaints or allegations of wrongdoing.  However, they point
out that investigations by members of the District Attorney's staff dealing with
white-collar crime in the entertainment industry, who are handling the inquiry
into the Melnick-Fox contract, had resulted in criminal cases in the past after
both parties had assured them there was no wrongdoing.

Mr. Wrede has met with representatives of the District Attorney's office, but
Fox officials have refused so far to cooperate, denouncing press reports
preceding a meeting between Fox officials and investigators that was abruptly
canceled last week.

Mr. Melnick's multimillion-dollar contract, which was signed in 1980 and ran to
almost 200 pages, was scheduled to expire in 1985. It became an issue because
the new owners of Fox decided to terminate the agreement, which they inherited
when they bought the company last year, because they thought it was ''far too
rich,'' Mr. Wrede said.

Though both parties now say they are pleased with the dissolution, sources
familiar with the negotiations said the talks were contentious, and included
disagreements over the exchange of various assets and liabilities held by Mr.
Melnick's production company, the Indieprod Company, and the tax treatment of
those transactions. On two occasions, these sources added, Mr. Garey collapsed
during the negotiations.

Completed Under Old Tax Law

The sources added that the deal was completed late at night on Aug. 31 in order
to take advantage of relaxed tax rules Congress outlawed beginning Sept.1. The
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 tightened rules that had
allowed favorable tax treatment for certain liquidations or distributions of
assets or earnings by a corporation.

As part of the dissolution, according to Mr. Wrede, Mr. Melnick redeemed some of
his stock in the Melnick corporation that was a party to the contract and sold
the rest of the Indieprod stock to Fox.

On Aug. 31, the day Indieprod reverted to Fox, it changed its name to TICI
Productions Inc., according to records on file with the California Secretary of
State. That same day, another Melnick company, Dan Melnick Productions Inc., set
up by Mr. Garey just before he killed himself, changed its name to the Indieprod
Company, the records further show.

Though Fox is apparently the new owner of the old Indieprod Company, it has not
yet filed with the state the necessary papers reflecting that transfer.

Exchange of Assets, Liabilities

Mr. Wrede also provided some background into the dispute between Mr. Melnick and
Fox. In early 1980, according to Mr. Wrede, Mr.  Melnick and Indieprod entered
into an agreement with Fox to produce movie projects. The agreement included a
fee of $1 million a year to cover overhead, with additional funds to be provided
for development costs and producer fees depending on the projects Mr. Melnick
developed.

According to Mr. Wrede, Mr. Melnick, who produced only one film for Fox, had an
unusually lucrative contract. In 1981, Fox was acquired by Marvin Davis, the
Denver oilman, and by this year the new owners had raised a number of questions
about the Melnick contract and decided to terminate it, Mr. Wrede said.

''The new owners came in and said, 'whoa - what's this man doing to us, it's far
too rich,' '' Mr. Wrede added.  Mr. Wrede, citing a confidentiality agreement
between Fox and his client, declined to disclosed many details of the
settlement. Other sources said there was a complicated exchange of assets and
liabilities among Fox, Indieprod and Mr. Melnick, with Fox paying out $2.5
million as part of the settlement.

Mr. Wrede said he saw a special irony in Mr. Garey's death. He said he believed
Mr. Garey was wrong in thinking he had made a mistake, that he had originally
negotiated a successful deal for his client and that the contentious dissolution
of that agreement was the result of Mr. Garey's having been too successful in
the first place.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Daniel Melnick

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 25, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Political Briefing;
In Rhode Island, A Decision to Tell All

BYLINE: By B. Drummond Ayres Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 331 words


Some political experts say that the ABC and CNN/Time poll results indicate that
the American public may be growing more tolerant of wrongdoing by public
figures, in part because so much wrongdoing has been in the news in recent
years, especially Presidential wrongdoing.

Still, when it comes to past drug usage, at least one candidate, Mayor Lincoln
Chafee of Warwick, R.I., is not taking the public's tolerance for wrongdoing for
granted, if that tolerance is indeed growing. He figures, having watched Mr.
Bush swing and twist on the drug issue, that the best course is not only to
trust the tolerance of the American voter but also to tell the truth, and the
whole truth, right up front. Get it out and get it over with, he says.

In the political game, that is known not just as forthright honesty but also as
"inoculation."

So on Sunday, Mr. Chafee, a Republican who is running to succeed his father,
John H. Chafee, in the United States Senate, did not hesitate when a television
interviewer asked, "Have you ever used drugs?"

"Yes, I have," he replied, confessing that while he was in college in the early
1970's he had inhaled marijuana and snorted cocaine "several times."

"Those were very tumultuous times," he went on. "I'm not proud of it."

Later, he told The Providence Journal that having watched the press's dogged
pressing of Mr. Bush for an answer, he had anticipated that he, too, would face
questions about drugs.

"I struggled with what's the politically correct answer," he said. "But in the
end, honesty is the best policy. It was part of the culture. People are tolerant
and understanding. If you're forthright and honest with the public and you've
got nothing to hide, I don't see why it's such a big story. If you try to cover
it up, it becomes a problem."

Was the press overdoing looking into candidates' past?

"They enjoy getting on the trail of what they think is a story, even if the
public just isn't interested in it," Mr. Chafee replied.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lincoln Chafee, a candidate who has acknowledged using cocaine.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     August 19, 2015 Wednesday 3:00 PM GMT

State inquiries into Planned Parenthood turn up no evidence of wrongdoing;
Healthcare organization appears to be weathering investigations launched after
the release of a series of 'sting' videos by anti-abortion activists

BYLINE: Jessica Glenza in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 659 words


Planned Parenthood appears to be weathering scrutiny by state legislatures that
began in the wake of undercover "sting" videos by anti-abortion activists, as
investigations in states across the country have repeatedly turned up no
evidence of wrongdoing.

Some state officials undertook the investigations even though Planned Parenthood
affiliates in their state don't perform abortions. Others started investigations
or defunded the organization even though fetal tissue donation was against the
law in their jurisdiction.

In South Dakota, for example, officials issued a statement clearing the state's
two abortion providers of wrongdoing. "The department of health has not been
provided any evidence, or observed any evidence that the sale of fetal
tissue/organs is taking place in [South Dakota]," a spokesperson for the
organization said.

Officials in Massachusetts found the same. And though an investigation in
Georgia was started, the state's five abortion providers were quickly cleared,
since tissue donation is not legal in the state (products of conception, as they
are known, must be buried or cremated). Indiana also cleared the healthcare
organization of wrongdoing, since affiliates in that state also do not
participate in tissue donation.

Republicans in many states started inquiries after anti-abortion activists
surreptitiously filmed Planned Parenthood employees discussing fetal tissue
donation programs, which activists said equated to selling "baby parts".

The anti-abortion activists, operating as a group called the Center for Medical
Progress, began releasing videos in July and have released about one video per
week since. To date, most of the videos have followed a loose format: Planned
Parenthood officials meet with representatives from a tissue procurement
"company" (actually just a front group created by CMP's leader, David Daleiden),
and Planned Parenthood employees discuss the rates for transfer of fetal
materials, usually in stark medical terms.

CMP has alleged this constitutes selling fetal tissue, even though sums
discussed by Planned Parenthood are typically small, ranging from $30 to $100.
Planned Parenthood employees, congressional and state Democrats and pro-choice
advocates have described the videos as "heavily edited" and misleading. Medical
professionals and bioethicists have said the videos have failed to produce
evidence of wrongdoing, despite many hours of footage.

Health department officials in other states, such as Delaware, have flatly
refused to investigate.

"There is no tissue donation program at Planned Parenthood to investigate," the
state's health department leader Dr Karyl Rattay told legislators. Leaders in
Minnesota, Idaho, Washington, New York and Virginia have also declined to
investigate.

Even in states where Planned Parenthood is not licensed to perform abortions,
such as in Louisiana, some governors have moved to defund the organization.
Louisiana's Republican governor Bobby Jindal, who is also campaigning for the
Republican presidential nomination, ended a Medicaid contract with the
healthcare organization, despite federal warnings not to do so.

Arkansas, Utah and New Hampshire did the same. Alabama also ended a Medicaid
contract with Planned Parenthood, even though providers in that state do not
have a tissue donation program.

Still other investigations continue. In Tennessee, state legislators are
scheduled to hold a "fact-finding" session on Wednesday.

In Florida, Planned Parenthood filed a civil complaint to stop the health
department there from taking administrative action against providers that the
state claims were performing second trimester abortions when they were not
licensed to do so.

The dispute turns on the state's definition of "second trimester", which it says
ends at 12 weeks of gestation. Affiliates claim the definition used by the state
for nine years has been the first trimester gestation ends at 13 weeks and six
days.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Legislators' calendars should be public, and now a
court agrees

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © 2015 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Opinion

LENGTH: 469 words


For those of us who care about government transparency, there's a particularly
delicious paragraph in a judge's written decision on a lawsuit that the Bay Area
News Group, including this paper, and its sister organization in Los Angeles
filed against the California Senate.

The lawsuit was over the Senate's refusal to turn over information from the
calendars of two suspended senators who are under federal indictment. The Senate
cited "legislative privilege" to keep the public from learning with whom the
senators met on particular days when they are accused of wrongdoing. Sacramento
Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny wrote:

"To the extent such privacy interests exist, the Court declines to give them
significant weight. When an individual meets with a publicly elected official in
connection with that official's public duties, one cannot expect the existence
of the meeting to be subject to absolute secrecy. Transparency and openness in
government are fundamental; in doing business with government, one subjects
one's self to that potential light."

Amen to that.

Following up on his tentative ruling issued in April, Kenny's decision
represents a huge victory for the public. It should resonate far beyond the
specifics of calendar entries for former Sens. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and
Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, each of whom faces federal prosecution on multiple,
serious counts.

To his credit, state Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de LeÃ²n said the Senate
would comply and not appeal the order. Now he and Assembly leaders should write
new rules to clarify that their calendars will be public, a rule most local
officials follow.

"To get calendars is huge," said Duffy Carolan, attorney for BANG and the Los
Angeles News Group last week.

"And it really is a warning shot to public officials that their calendars are
not sacrosanct. And that who they are meeting with and what they are doing on
the public dime when wrongdoing is involved can't be kept from the public."

Or even when wrongdoing isn't involved. The public's business is public. But if
the federal indictments are correct, there was plenty of wrongdoing by Calderon
and Yee. Yee faces charges of public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon with public corruption, mail fraud, bribery and money
laundering.

Our reporters filed requests in spring of 2014 for calendar entries and other
records corresponding to specific dates mentioned in the criminal indictments.
The Senate, relying on a ridiculously broad interpretation of a 1991 Supreme
Court case, refused them all. So we sued on behalf of the public.

De León should now insist on new rules that side with California's 39 million
residents rather than with any of his 39 colleagues who might be tempted to hide
their dealings from the public they supposedly serve.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     AUGUST 5, 2003 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

For SEC, no presumption of innocence;
Those who settle cases with it will be treated as guilty, whether or not they
admit wrongdoing.

BYLINE: Kevin Drawbaugh REUTERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Securities and Exchange Commission's crackdown on corporate crime is leading
the agency to view defendants as having admitted the facts in a settlement, even
in cases where the accused "neither admit nor deny wrongdoing."

In a July 25 order, the market regulator said that defendants agreeing to be
enjoined from illegal activity, while neither admitting nor denying wrongdoing,
may not dispute the facts of follow-on SEC administrative proceedings.

The SEC made the change in an administrative proceeding against a North Carolina
investment adviser whose license the agency was seeking to revoke, according to
the Associated Press.

That means a brokerage, for instance, that agrees to a court injunction against
committing fraud, even if it does not admit to fraud, may not contest the facts
in further actions brought by the SEC in connection with the injunction.

Such administrative actions might include revoking the license of a
broker-dealer, suspending an investment adviser's registration, or barring an
individual from working as an auditor, officer or director of a publicly traded
company.

"It will make regulated individuals and entities think twice before settling,
but I don't believe that it will prevent the SEC from being able to negotiate
settlements," said Jack Sylvia, a partner at the law firm of Mintz Levin Cohn
Ferris Glovsky & Popeo in Boston.

An SEC spokesman declined to comment, referring inquiries to the language of the
July 25 commission order.

After a string of scandals in corporate America, the SEC has been slapping
defendants with higher penalties and trying to speed its handling of such cases.

The "neither admit nor deny" convention has long been employed in SEC
settlements. When paired with an injunction, the legal convention gives the SEC
a way to halt future abuses without a costly, time-consuming court trial. At the
same time, it lets a defendant end an SEC probe without an admission of guilt
that could weaken its position in future legal actions.

As convenient as "neither admit nor deny" has been for the SEC, lawyers said, it
may no longer be viewed as adequate, with the SEC hiring more lawyers and
gaining new powers from a Congress apparently intent on catching and punishing
white-collar criminals.

Some lawyers said the new SEC policy could reduce the number of settlements and
lead to more court fights.

"The practical meaning is there are going to be fewer settlements with the SEC.
If they want to litigate the cases, then the bar is going to litigate them,"
said Ira Lee Sorkin, a partner at the law firm of Carter Ledyard & Milburn in
New York who is a former SEC official and federal prosecutor.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 25, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Kentucky Governor Signs Agreement Citing Wrongdoing in a Hiring Scandal

BYLINE: By IAN URBINA; Stacy L. Neitzel contributed reporting from Louisville
for this article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 765 words


Gov. Ernie Fletcher of Kentucky, who was indicted in May in connection with a
hiring scandal, signed an agreement yesterday admitting wrongdoing by his
administration and promising to reconstitute the state's Personnel Board.

Under the deal with the attorney general, all charges will be dropped.

''The governor acknowledges that the evidence strongly indicates wrongdoing by
his administration with regard to personnel actions within the merit system,''
the seven-page accord said, adding that he takes responsibility and that he
''hereby states that these actions were inappropriate.''

''This sincere expression of ultimate responsibility, however, is not an
admission in any way of any criminal wrongdoing by the governor,'' the agreement
said about Mr. Fletcher, who had been accused of giving Civil Service positions
to political supporters.

The agreement represents welcome news for a governor whose administration has
been bogged down for 16 months by the investigation.

''It's over,'' Mr. Fletcher said at a news conference in Louisville. ''This is a
day we can move forward on the issues that face Kentucky.''

The first Republican governor in the state in more than three decades, Mr.
Fletcher has promised to seek re-election next year, despite approval ratings
that have fallen below 30 percent.

After he and 15 members of his administration were indicted, Mr. Fletcher issued
a blanket pardon to any staff members affected by the scandal, and he has
consistently maintained that the indictments were politically motivated.

Attorney General Gregory D. Stumbo, a Democrat, called the agreement a victory
for change in the state.

''This will help ensure that it is no longer who you know, but what you know
that determines hiring,'' Mr. Stumbo said. ''And that will help us achieve a
better and more professional work force.''

Critics called the accord a product of expediency. Ending the investigation
frees Mr. Stumbo, who is widely viewed as having ambitions for the governor's
office, to run without breaking his promise to finish his investigation first.

''Politically, the tough part for Mr. Stumbo is that he is going to take some
heat from fellow Democrats for not holding Fletcher fully accountable,'' Scott
Lasley, a professor of political science at Western Kentucky University, said.
''He removed the barrier that prevented him from running, but now he's faced
with a political tightrope because he has to answer critics within his own
party.''

Mr. Stumbo said he had decided to cut a deal because he believed that the
governor would pardon himself as he left office and because Judge David E.
Melcher recently ruled that the governor could not be prosecuted while in
office.

It appeared to be inevitable that the governor would never be prosecuted, Mr.
Stumbo said

The agreement said that the grand jury would finish its work and produce a final
report, and that it would not request new information from his administration.

The agreement stipulates that the governor will accept the resignations of the
four members of the merit board that he appointed and select replacements from a
list of 12 alternate candidates to be submitted by Mr. Stumbo.

The deal encouraged former or current state employees who think that they might
have been affected by improper hiring practices to seek redress through the
Personnel Board.

Mr. Fletcher's supporters saw the agreement as vindication.

''The attorney general was sailing a battleship on a raindrop,'' said William
Stone, the former Republican chairman from Jefferson County. ''They knew they
had nothing. It was reprehensible that it was allowed to go on this long.''

Ted Jackson, a Republican Party strategist, took a different view.

''Ultimately, the realization that this dismissal resulted from a plea
agreement, and not as a dismissal on the merits of his defense, will continue to
haunt Fletcher,'' Mr. Jackson said.

Citing a number of leading Republicans who have called on the governor to drop
his re-election plans, Mr. Jackson said he doubted that Mr. Fletcher could win a
second term.

When Mr. Fletcher took office, he campaigned on promises to clean up the mess
left by the last governor, Paul E. Patton, a Democrat who spent most of his last
year in office fending off accusations of campaign irregularities and bad press
about a lengthy extramarital affair.

''You can't forget that Mr. Fletcher campaigned on a pledge to deal with the
'waste, fraud and abuse' in Frankfort,'' Mr. Jackson said. ''And I think the
general perception in the state today is that he failed at that.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Attorney General Gregory D. Stumbo, center, and Doug Doerting,
left, ex-personnel official, and a Stumbo aide, Scott Crawford-Sutherland.
(Photo by Ed Reinke/Associated Press)
 Gov. Ernie Fletcher, who promised to remake the Personnel Board. All charges
against him are to be dropped, ending a 16-month inquiry. (Photo by Haraz N.
Ghanbari/Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

New laws extend whistleblower cover

BYLINE: Robert Swift,, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Aug. 25--HARRISBURG -- A broader range of employees can seek legal protection if
they report wrongdoing under state laws taking effect at the start of September.

These two laws extend protections under the Whistleblower Law to employees of
the General Assembly and employees of nonprofit organizations and private
companies that receive public money. Gov. Tom Corbett signed the laws in early
July with a 60-day effective date.

Sen. Lisa Baker, R-20, Lehman Twp., suggested the laws will give employees
greater confidence to report potential wrongdoing, misconduct or waste without
fear of retaliation by employers.

"A common criticism is that we need to change the culture," said Ms. Baker. "An
effective means for doing so is to clear the way for individuals of conscience
to report wrongdoing, through whistleblower protection."

Pennsylvania's whistleblower law, which provides such protection to state and
local government employees, dates to 1986. The law prohibits a government agency
from firing or retaliating against an employee who makes a good-faith report to
their employer or law enforcement agency of wrongdoing or waste.

"They (new laws) extend coverage to two groups who are likely to be aware of
wrongdoing but who are quite vulnerable to retaliation -- the private
contractors doing business with the state, and the at-will employees who work
for us and for the legislative agencies," said Ms. Baker.

She helped steer the bills to final passage as chairwoman of the Senate Labor
and Industry Committee.

The need for whistleblower protection is underscored by the recent Luzerne
County judicial corruption scandal that resulted in federal prison terms for two
county judges and others, Ms. Baker said.

"A key element of the widespread corruption in Luzerne County was employees who
stood by, saying and doing nothing, for fear of losing their jobs," she added.

Mr. Corbett's signing of the law demonstrates his commitment to transparency and
to see that public dollars are spent legitimately, said Corbett spokesman Jay
Pagni.

These laws will help to fight fraud and abuse and protect taxpayer dollars, said
Rep. Brian Ellis, R-11, Butler, who sponsored the nonprofit law.

The state inspector general gets greater power to investigate whistleblower
violations and fines and penalties are increased for violations of the law.

Contact the writer:

rswift@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140825-YT-New-laws-extend-whistleblower-cover-0825-20140825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Court sides with people on elected leaders' dealings

SECTION: LOCAL1

LENGTH: 465 words


For those of us who care about government transparency, there's a particularly
delicious paragraph in a judge's written decision on a lawsuit filed by our
sister newspapers in the Bay Area News Group and Los Angeles News Group against
the California Senate.

The lawsuit was over the Senate's refusal to turn over information from the
calendars of two suspended senators who are under federal indictment. The Senate
cited "legislative privilege" to keep the public from learning with whom the
senators met on particular days when they are accused of wrongdoing. Sacramento
Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny wrote:

"To the extent such privacy interests exist, the Court declines to give them
significant weight. When an individual meets with a publicly elected official in
connection with that official's public duties, one cannot expect the existence
of the meeting to be subject to absolute secrecy. Transparency and openness in
government are fundamental; in doing business with government, one subjects
one's self to that potential light."

Amen to that.

Following up on his tentative ruling issued in April, Kenny's decision
represents a huge victory for the public. It should resonate far beyond the
specifics of calendar entries for former Sens. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and
Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, each of whom faces federal prosecution on multiple,
serious counts.

To his credit, state Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de LeÃ²n said the Senate
would comply and not appeal the order. Now he and Assembly leaders should write
new rules to clarify that their calendars will be public.

"To get calendars is huge," said Duffy Carolan, attorney for BANG, LANG and this
newspaper. "And it really is a warning shot to public officials that their
calendars are not sacrosanct. And that who they are meeting with and what they
are doing on the public dime when wrongdoing is involved can't be kept from the
public."

Or even when wrongdoing isn't involved, we would suggest. The public's business
is public. But if the federal indictments are correct, there was plenty of
wrongdoing by Calderon and Yee. Yee faces charges of public corruption,
racketeering and weapons trafficking, and Calderon is charged with public
corruption, mail fraud, bribery and money laundering.

BANG reporters filed requests in spring of 2014 for calendar entries and other
records corresponding to specific dates mentioned in the criminal indictments.
The Senate, relying on a ridiculously broad interpretation of a 1991 Supreme
Court case, refused them all. So BANG and LANG sued on behalf of the public.

De LeÃ³n should now insist on new rules that side with California's 39 million
residents rather than with any of his 39 colleagues who might be tempted to hide
their dealings from the public they are supposed to serve.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

VA cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: By, Aaron Martinez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 758 words


The El Paso Veteran's Affairs Health Care System has been cleared of any
intentional wrongdoing involving patient scheduling by a federal investigation
that was just completed.

The Office of Inspector General on Tuesday released the results of a two-year
investigation that delved into several scheduling problems at the El Paso VA
after U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke, D-Texas, asked the FBI to look into the
"possibility of the manipulation of patient wait times at the Veterans Affairs
Health Care System (VAHCS) El Paso."

The report states that "the investigation identified policy violations in that
schedulers were incorrectly capturing veterans' desired dates when scheduling
appointments. Most of the clerks interviewed negotiated with veterans for a date
based on provider availability, rather than first asking a veteran for the date
he/she desired to be seen - in violation of Veterans Health Administration
Scheduling Directive 2010-027."

The report, however, concluded that the problems with patient scheduling were
not intentional.

O'Rourke could not be reached for comment, but the congressman's Chief of Staff
David Wysong said that while they are happy no wrongdoing was found, there is
still a need to work on lowering wait times at the El Paso VA.

"We are encouraged that there were no findings of intentional wrongdoing, but at
the same time we continue to be focused on implementing the pilot program that
had been approved to reduce wait times at the El Paso VA," Wysong said.

In September, O'Rourke announced a $20 million pilot program aimed at improving
the quality of health care that veterans received at the El Paso VA, which
ranked third worst in the nation among the VA clinics.

According to a survey conducted last year by O'Rourke's office, veterans were
waiting an average of 77 days to see a primary or specialty care provider.
Veterans attempting to see a mental health care provider were waiting about 64
days with about 34 percent of them not able to even get a mental health care
appointment, the survey stated.

Wysong said the Office of Inspector General's report does not contradict the
survey's findings.

"El Paso has historically shown long wait times, so this was really further
validation that has already been identified as a problem," Wysong said. "This I
guess validated that it wasn't even worse, but in essence we already knew we had
a problem and that is what the program is stressing."

He added that so far the pilot program has led to a decrease in the amount of
time veterans are waiting to see healthcare providers, but he did not have
numbers on the exact impact it has had. He said a new survey on wait times is
expected to be conducted around June.

O'Rourke's pilot program includes allowing veterans to be treated at several
medical facilities in the El Paso area instead of only at the El Paso VA Health
Care System. The plan also focused on recruitment and retention of medical
professionals by increasing pay, giving bonuses and offering $40,000 per year of
school debt relief.

The investigation by the Office of Inspector General was conducted by randomly
interviewing current and former employees of the El Paso VA, including a
supervisory scheduler, retired supervisors, specialty clinic medical support
assistants, primary Care supervisor, El Paso VA's associate director; chief and
former director.

El Paso VA officials said in a news release that they were pleased with the
findings, but that "these reports demonstrated the need for standardized
training on scheduling."

"We are very pleased with the good news of the OIG's report," El Paso VA Health
Care System interim Director Gail Graham said in a statement. "The more than 800
men and women who work at the El Paso VA do so out of a commitment to giving
their best to our community's heroes."

Officials said that they have initiated "a number of steps to make sure that the
82 schedulers fully understand their jobs and stay current on any systems
changes that occur."

The improvement steps include refresher training courses, which will begin on
March 14. The training will be added to Medical Support Assistant Academy to
train new assistants and retrain current employees on "policies, regulations,
and technological procedures of how to accurately schedule an appointment,"
officials said.

Officials also stated that supervisors will conduct daily and random audits of
scheduled appointments to review "accuracy and retraining is provided as
needed."

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249; aamartinez@elpasotimes.com;
@AMartinez31 on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2016 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 27, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

JAY HECK'S VICTORY FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 373 words


Rallied to the barricades by Common Cause in Wisconsin Executive Director Jay
Heck, citizens and newspapers across the state successfully pressured the
Legislature to preserve adequate funding for the Government Accountability Board
to pursue investigations of official wrongdoing.

State Senate Majority Leader Russ Decker, D-Schofield, had attempted to alter
the funding mechanism so that the GAB would be subject to legislative
interference. Under Decker's scheme, the agency would have been placed in a
position where it would have had to come to politicians like Decker to ask for
funding to investigate the high crimes and misdemeanors of politicians like
Decker.

No, we're not accusing the majority leader of criminal wrongdoing, just pointing
out that he connived to make it harder to identify and prosecute criminal
wrongdoing by majority leaders and their ilk -- hardly an inconsequential matter
when we consider that one of Decker's recent predecessors did some jail time.

Decker's assault on the GAB was a recipe for disaster.

Heck got the word out to Common Cause activists and their allies.

He also informed newspapers that Decker's attempt to end "sum sufficient"
funding for GAB investigations would "undermine the board's independence and
ability to investigate possible wrongdoing."

The Capital Times weighed in, which is no great surprise. But so too did
newspapers from across the political and ideological spectrum, including the
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, the Green Bay Press-Gazette, the Janesville Gazette,
the Sheboygan Press, the Appleton Post-Crescent, the Oshkosh Northwestern and
the Wausau Daily Herald. Even the Wisconsin State Journal took time away from
its usual griping about how the Legislature is not bending enough to
big-business interests and did the right thing.

The united front had an impact.

The Legislature's Conference Committee brokered an agreement between the
Assembly and Senate leadership to resolve the differences in versions of the
biennium state budget each had passed. Assembly leaders played an essential role
in getting Decker to back off. But no one should doubt that their task was made
easier by the chorus of complaint that Jay Heck succeeded in raising.

An editorial - 6/27/2009 7:10 a

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joseph W. Jackson III/State Journal archives Jay Heck, executive
director of Common Cause in Wisconsin

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Government Settlement With Goldman Sachs Is No Real Punishment

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Public Citizen has issued the following news release:



  Statement of Robert Weissman, President, Public Citizen



 Note: Today, the U.S. Department of Justice, including the attorneys general of
New York and Illinois, as well as the Federal Home Loan Banks of Chicago and
Seattle and the National Credit Union Administration, reached agreement with the
investment bank Goldman Sachs. The firm will pay approximately $5 billion to
resolve state and federal investigations into its fraudulent mortgage-backed
housing securities, which helped cause the 2008 financial crisis.





 This is a $5 billion settlement to resolve wrongdoing that cost the national
economy $20 trillion. Goldman Sachs has admitted it was a key link in the chain
of wrongdoing that led to the 2008 crash and the Great Recession. But eight
years after the crash, there are still no criminal prosecutions of either the
Big Banks themselves or their executives.



 The Department of Justice says this settlement will hold Goldman Sachs
accountable. Unfortunately, that's not so. Without criminal prosecution, there's
not even the illusion of accountability. This settlement, like others involving
Goldman Sachs and the rest of the Wall Street perpetrators of the wrongdoing
that led to the Great Recession, does virtually nothing to advance the
objectives of deterrence, punishment or compensation for victims. The real
message is, whether due to size, complexity or privileged access to politicians,
Goldman Sachs and Wall Street remain above the law.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 26, 2010 Tuesday

DeTar Hospital denies any wrongdoing in wrongful firing lawsuit

BYLINE: Gheni Platenburg, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Oct. 26--DeTar Hospital and several employees have denied any wrongdoing in
response to a wrongful firing lawsuit filed against them in September.

Austin-based attorney Michael W. Fox filed a response on behalf of his clients
in federal court on Monday.

Connie Smith, the plaintiff, claimed she was fired on April 19 for "job
abandonment" after taking less than a day off from work to care for her
terminally ill, cancer-stricken mother during a medical emergency.

Smith claimed she was wrongfully fired by the hospital in retaliation for sexual
harassment complaints she made against the company's assistant chief financial
officer.

Fox represents DeTar Hospital of Victoria, Texas; DeTar's chief executive
officer William Blanchard; chief operating officer George Parsley; chief
financial officer Donald Hogan; and assistant chief financial officer Laurence
Bludau, all of whom are being sued for their part in the firing.

"The plaintiff does not have a cause of action for intentional infliction of
emotional distress," the response said.

Both DeTar spokeswoman Judith Barefield and Fox declined to comment on the case
on Tuesday.

In the suit, Smith, who had worked for DeTar for more than a decade as an
accountant, claimed all of DeTar's executives and director of human resources
Kristina Elsik were all aware of her mother's condition.

The response admitted that Smith had informed certain employees of her mother's
illness and that Bludau did in fact receive e-mails informing them that Smith
had to leave early to care for her ailing mother.

Although some employees had Smith's cell phone number, nobody called to follow
up with her after she left for the day, according to the response.

Additionally, the defendants also denied Smith's allegations of an improper
investigation into her sexual harassment, claiming they engaged in "good faith"
efforts to comply with the law.

The defendants were against awarding Smith any damages.

Smith's Houston-based attorney Mark Oberti shared his thoughts on the response.

"We stand by the factual allegations in the complaint and we look forward to
vindicating Connie Smith's rights through the judicial system," said Oberti. "We
look forward to Connie Smith having her day in court."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101026-VI-DeTar-Hospital-denies-any-wrongdoing
-in-wrongful-firing-lawsuit-1026-20101026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

El Paso VA is cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: By, Aaron Martinez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 753 words


EL PASO - The El Paso Veteran's Affairs Health Care System has been cleared of
any intentional wrongdoing involving patient scheduling by a federal
investigation that was just completed.

The Office of Inspector General on Tuesday released the results of a two-year
investigation that delved into several scheduling problems at the El Paso VA
after U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke, D-Texas, asked the FBI to look into the
"possibility of the manipulation of patient wait times at the Veterans Affairs
Health Care System (VAHCS) El Paso."

The report states that "the investigation identified policy violations in that
schedulers were incorrectly capturing veterans' desired dates when scheduling
appointments. Most of the clerks interviewed negotiated with veterans for a date
based on provider availability, rather than first asking a veteran for the date
he/she desired to be seen - in violation of Veterans Health Administration
Scheduling Directive 2010-027."

The report, however, concluded that the problems with patient scheduling were
not intentional.

O'Rourke could not be reached for comment, but the congressman's Chief of Staff
David Wysong said that while they are happy no wrongdoing was found, there is
still a need to work on lowering wait times at the El Paso VA.

"We are encouraged that there were no findings of intentional wrongdoing, but at
the same time we continue to be focused on implementing the pilot program that
had been approved to reduce wait times at the El Paso VA," Wysong said.

In September, O'Rourke announced a $20 million pilot program aimed at improving
the quality of health care that veterans received at the El Paso VA, which
ranked third worst in the nation among the VA clinics.

According to a survey conducted last year by O'Rourke's office, veterans were
waiting an average of 77 days to see a primary or specialty care provider.
Veterans attempting to see a mental health care provider were waiting about 64
days with about 34 percent of them not able to even get a mental health care
appointment, the survey stated.

Wysong said the Office of Inspector General's report does not contradict the
survey's findings.

"El Paso has historically shown long wait times, so this was really further
validation that has already been identified as a problem," Wysong said. "This I
guess validated that it wasn't even worse, but in essence we already knew we had
a problem and that is what the program is stressing."

He added that so far the pilot program has led to a decrease in the amount of
time veterans are waiting to see healthcare providers, but he did not have
numbers on the exact impact it has had. He said a new survey on wait times is
expected to be conducted around June.

O'Rourke's pilot program includes allowing veterans to be treated at several
medical facilities in the El Paso area instead of only at the El Paso VA Health
Care System. The plan also focused on recruitment and retention of medical
professionals by increasing pay, giving bonuses and offering $40,000 per year of
school debt relief.

The investigation by the Office of Inspector General was conducted by randomly
interviewing current and former employees of the El Paso VA, including a
supervisory scheduler, retired supervisors, specialty clinic medical support
assistants, primary care supervisor, El Paso VA's associate director; chief and
former director.

El Paso VA officials said in a news release that they were pleased with the
findings, but that "these reports demonstrated the need for standardized
training on scheduling."

"We are very pleased with the good news of the OIG's report," El Paso VA Health
Care System interim Director Gail Graham said in a statement. "The more than 800
men and women who work at the El Paso VA do so out of a commitment to giving
their best to our community's heroes."

Officials said that they have initiated "a number of steps to make sure that the
82 schedulers fully understand their jobs and stay current on any systems
changes that occur."

The improvement steps include refresher training courses, which will begin on
March 14. The training will be added to Medical Support Assistant Academy to
train new assistants and retrain current employees on "policies, regulations,
and technological procedures of how to accurately schedule an appointment,"
officials said.

Officials also stated that supervisors will conduct daily and random audits of
scheduled appointments to review "accuracy and retraining is provided as
needed."

Aaron Martinez may be reached at  aamartinez@elpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Defense tackles a higher power

BYLINE: Mark Kiszla Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 725 words


KANSAS CITY, MO.

- Broken of spirit and abandoned as hopeless, they were sick of being known as
the Orange Crushed.

"I challenged the guys today," Broncos middle linebacker D.J. Williams said. "I
asked them to let their pads do the talking."

It made a beautiful noise.

Downtrodden members of the Denver defense rose up and held a revival meeting
Sunday, saving the game and maybe the season in a 27-11 thumping of Kansas City.

First, however, the Broncos required a cleansing of their bared souls.

"The leaders got together, and we basically admitted our wrongdoings," said
Denver pass rusher Tim Crowder, describing a meeting with teammates that sounded
like a 12-step program to a sounder defense. "The best thing for anybody, if
you're on drugs or you drink, is to admit your wrongdoing. That's the only way
you're going to get better. And everybody admitted their wrongdoing."

A multitude of Denver defensive sins, which all started with being bedeviled by
the run, were so messing with the minds of defenders that the Broncos felt the
need to repent.

"It helped a lot," Williams said. "You've got a lot of guys woofing, saying this
and that. Some of it was serious. Some of it was just talk. So we decided: 'Let
your pads do the talking, You don't have to say nothing. Let your pads do the
talking, and after that, we'll see if all the guys who did the talking really
meant what they said."'

Coaches can preach. But only players can save a season on the brink of collapse.
In the wake of a painful 44-7 beatdown in Detroit, the defense gathered to hash
out problems and vow to stop the embarrassment.

Sure, team meetings are for losers. But these Broncos had a lot of stuff to get
off their chests. Then, they shut up and played.

While nobody will suggest shutting down the Chiefs, whose offense is the lamest
in the entire AFC West if not the whole land, is an achievement worthy of Hall
of Fame enshrinement, the Broncos restored a little faith by producing four
turnovers and limiting Kansas City to 67 yards rushing.

Fear is a powerful motivator in a league called the Not For Long with good
reason. Defensive linemen Simeon Rice and Amon Gordon were recently cut, proving
no nameplate in the Denver locker room was attached with Super Glue.

"It shows you have to do your job, week in and week out, or you can be the guy
who's gone," Broncos defensive end Elvis Dumervil said.

The same 2007 Denver defense that often shamed proud Denver memories of the
Orange Crush made the difference in a game that threatened to induce naps in
more than 75,000 fans at normally raucous Arrowhead Stadium.

With the Chiefs clinging to an 8-6 lead at halftime, Denver wrecked whatever
remained of quarterback Damon Huard's modest career and seized control of the
contest during the opening two minutes of the third quarter by forcing an
interception and a fumble worth 14 easy points.

The pick by Broncos defensive back Dré Bly ignited a quick, 31-yard TD drive
that gave Denver a 13-8 lead. On the very next offensive snap by Kansas City,
Dumervil stripped Huard of the football, which linebacker Nate Webster picked up
and ran 17 yards into the end zone.

"That's why I'm here: to make havoc. I like to irritate quarterbacks. I don't
like 'em," Dumervil said.

While cornerback Champ Bailey undoubtedly is the most talented player on the
Denver roster, the most valuable player on a defense searching for its identity
has been Dumervil. He stands 5-feet-11 in his dreams, but leads the team with
eight sacks and has forced three fumbles.

The much-lamented departure of captain Al Wilson left a void the Broncos no
longer could allow to suck the spirit from their defense. Somebody had to put a
foot down.

"It was about being a leader, but it was also about caring about the guys and
the franchise," said Williams, explaining the motivation for the meeting of a
defense in distress. "I told them it starts with me first and making sure I'm
right. But we also talked about everybody needs to correct people when it's
needed. And try not to take it negative, because a teammate corrects you for a
reason. We want to win."

Can one victory solve all the woes of Denver's defense?

No.

But did you hear the beautiful noise of those shoulder pads cracking in K.C.?

From the sound of it, the Broncos finally have taken ownership of the problem.

Mark Kiszla: 303-954-1053 or mkiszla@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Defense tackles a higher power

BYLINE: Mark Kiszla Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 725 words


KANSAS CITY, MO.

- Broken of spirit and abandoned as hopeless, they were sick of being known as
the Orange Crushed.

"I challenged the guys today," Broncos middle linebacker D.J. Williams said. "I
asked them to let their pads do the talking."

It made a beautiful noise.

Downtrodden members of the Denver defense rose up and held a revival meeting
Sunday, saving the game and maybe the season in a 27-11 thumping of Kansas City.

First, however, the Broncos required a cleansing of their bared souls.

"The leaders got together, and we basically admitted our wrongdoings," said
Denver pass rusher Tim Crowder, describing a meeting with teammates that sounded
like a 12-step program to a sounder defense. "The best thing for anybody, if
you're on drugs or you drink, is to admit your wrongdoing. That's the only way
you're going to get better. And everybody admitted their wrongdoing."

A multitude of Denver defensive sins, which all started with being bedeviled by
the run, were so messing with the minds of defenders that the Broncos felt the
need to repent.

"It helped a lot," Williams said. "You've got a lot of guys woofing, saying this
and that. Some of it was serious. Some of it was just talk. So we decided: 'Let
your pads do the talking, You don't have to say nothing. Let your pads do the
talking, and after that, we'll see if all the guys who did the talking really
meant what they said."'

Coaches can preach. But only players can save a season on the brink of collapse.
In the wake of a painful 44-7 beatdown in Detroit, the defense gathered to hash
out problems and vow to stop the embarrassment.

Sure, team meetings are for losers. But these Broncos had a lot of stuff to get
off their chests. Then, they shut up and played.

While nobody will suggest shutting down the Chiefs, whose offense is the lamest
in the entire AFC West if not the whole land, is an achievement worthy of Hall
of Fame enshrinement, the Broncos restored a little faith by producing four
turnovers and limiting Kansas City to 67 yards rushing.

Fear is a powerful motivator in a league called the Not For Long with good
reason. Defensive linemen Simeon Rice and Amon Gordon were recently cut, proving
no nameplate in the Denver locker room was attached with Super Glue.

"It shows you have to do your job, week in and week out, or you can be the guy
who's gone," Broncos defensive end Elvis Dumervil said.

The same 2007 Denver defense that often shamed proud Denver memories of the
Orange Crush made the difference in a game that threatened to induce naps in
more than 75,000 fans at normally raucous Arrowhead Stadium.

With the Chiefs clinging to an 8-6 lead at halftime, Denver wrecked whatever
remained of quarterback Damon Huard's modest career and seized control of the
contest during the opening two minutes of the third quarter by forcing an
interception and a fumble worth 14 easy points.

The pick by Broncos defensive back Dré Bly ignited a quick, 31-yard TD drive
that gave Denver a 13-8 lead. On the very next offensive snap by Kansas City,
Dumervil stripped Huard of the football, which linebacker Nate Webster picked up
and ran 17 yards into the end zone.

"That's why I'm here: to make havoc. I like to irritate quarterbacks. I don't
like 'em," Dumervil said.

While cornerback Champ Bailey undoubtedly is the most talented player on the
Denver roster, the most valuable player on a defense searching for its identity
has been Dumervil. He stands 5-feet-11 in his dreams, but leads the team with
eight sacks and has forced three fumbles.

The much-lamented departure of captain Al Wilson left a void the Broncos no
longer could allow to suck the spirit from their defense. Somebody had to put a
foot down.

"It was about being a leader, but it was also about caring about the guys and
the franchise," said Williams, explaining the motivation for the meeting of a
defense in distress. "I told them it starts with me first and making sure I'm
right. But we also talked about everybody needs to correct people when it's
needed. And try not to take it negative, because a teammate corrects you for a
reason. We want to win."

Can one victory solve all the woes of Denver's defense?

No.

But did you hear the beautiful noise of those shoulder pads cracking in K.C.?

From the sound of it, the Broncos finally have taken ownership of the problem.

Mark Kiszla: 303-954-1053 or mkiszla@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 28, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

'Jurors Will Disregard' Is Often Not Regarded

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, March 27


Even if they try, jurors usually are unable to follow a judge's instructions to
disregard inadmissible testimony introduced in trials, says a Northwestern
University researcher who studied cases involving illegal searches.

The study examined how jurors reach decisions about whether to award damages to
people who sue the police charging they were searched illegally, said Jonathan
D. Casper, a professor of political science.

He and two colleagues recruited 535 people to act as jurors by watching
35-minute videotapes of mock trials. About half the sample were college
students, and half were people who had been called for Cook County jury duty.

In one-third of the trials, jurors heard evidence that the search had turned up
wrongdoing by the plaintiff. In another third, no evidence of wrongdoing was
apparent. In the final third, the outcome of the search was not revealed.

Results Differ Considerably

Jurors who learned that the search had turned up wrongdoing appeared unable to
disregard that information, even when ordered to do so by a judge, Professor
Casper said, even though ''the outcome of the search is legally irrelevant to
whether the victim of the search, the plaintiff, is entitled to damages.''

Punitive damage awards were made only 52 percent of the time in cases in which
jurors learned that a search had turned up wrongdoing, compared to more than 65
percent of the time when the search's outcome was innocent or unknown.

Trials concerned searches for marijuana, heroin and murder evidence.

It is common for judges to instruct jurors to disregard information in deciding
a case, such as telling them to ignore what they have read in newspapers, or, in
the case of medical malpractice lawsuits, to ignore the disastrous conditions
that provoked the suits, Professor Casper said.

But he is pessimistic about whether his findings will prompt changes in legal
procedure.

Nature of Information Important

Judge James B. Parsons of Federal District Court said the ability of jurors to
disregard information varies according to what they have been told to disregard,
but he acknowledges that in some matters they have great difficulty.

''They've heard it; it's been impressed on them, and how can they cast it out of
their minds?'' he said. ''You've got to pre-empt the mind of the juror. Its up
to the judge to do that to the best of their ability.''

Albert Alschuler, a University of Chicago law professor, said the notion that
jurors can disregard what they have heard was regarded as ''unmitigated
fiction'' as long as 50 years ago by Justice Robert H. Jackson of the United
States Supreme Court.

''But what's the alternative?'' Professor Alschuler said, adding that it would
be impossible to start every trial over when inappropriate evidence emerges.

In their study, the researchers asked the mock jurors questions after they had
rendered their verdicts. The responses suggested their inability to disregard
information about the search's outcome was ''probably the result of an
unconscious interpretation and recall of testimony in the trial,'' Professor
Casper said.

Knowledge Influences Awards

Knowing the plaintiff had been doing something illegal affected the jurors'
recollection of lawyers' arguments and the number and size of awards the jurors
recommended, the study found.

In one series of trials concerning the sale of heroin, jurors awarded the
plaintiff damages 38 percent of the time when the plaintiff was shown to have
possessed the illegal substance.

But they awarded the plaintiff damages 61 percent of the time when the search
turned up nothing, and 62 percent of the time when the jurors did not know the
results of the search, the study found.

The study, financed by the Chicago-based American Bar Foundation, is to be
published in the May issue of its journal, Law and Social Inquiry.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Legislators' calendars should be public, and now a
court agrees

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © 2015 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 469 words


For those of us who care about government transparency, there's a particularly
delicious paragraph in a judge's written decision on a lawsuit that the Bay Area
News Group, including this paper, and its sister organization in Los Angeles
filed against the California Senate.

The lawsuit was over the Senate's refusal to turn over information from the
calendars of two suspended senators who are under federal indictment. The Senate
cited "legislative privilege" to keep the public from learning with whom the
senators met on particular days when they are accused of wrongdoing. Sacramento
Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny wrote:

"To the extent such privacy interests exist, the Court declines to give them
significant weight. When an individual meets with a publicly elected official in
connection with that official's public duties, one cannot expect the existence
of the meeting to be subject to absolute secrecy. Transparency and openness in
government are fundamental; in doing business with government, one subjects
one's self to that potential light."

Amen to that.

Following up on his tentative ruling issued in April, Kenny's decision
represents a huge victory for the public. It should resonate far beyond the
specifics of calendar entries for former Sens. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and
Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, each of whom faces federal prosecution on multiple,
serious counts.

To his credit, state Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leòn said the Senate
would comply and not appeal the order. Now he and Assembly leaders should write
new rules to clarify that their calendars will be public, a rule most local
officials follow.

"To get calendars is huge," Duffy Carolan, attorney for BANG and the Los Angeles
News Group, said last week.

"And it really is a warning shot to public officials that their calendars are
not sacrosanct. And that who they are meeting with and what they are doing on
the public dime when wrongdoing is involved can't be kept from the public."

Or even when wrongdoing isn't involved. The public's business is public. But if
the federal indictments are correct, there was plenty of wrongdoing by Calderon
and Yee. Yee faces charges of public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon with public corruption, mail fraud, bribery and money
laundering.

Our reporters filed requests in spring of 2014 for calendar entries and other
records corresponding to specific dates mentioned in the criminal indictments.
The Senate, relying on a ridiculously broad interpretation of a 1991 Supreme
Court case, refused them all. So we sued on behalf of the public.

De León should now insist on new rules that side with California's 39 million
residents rather than with any of his 39 colleagues who might be tempted to hide
their dealings from the public they supposedly serve.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 8, 2015 Monday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Legislators' calendars should be public, and now a
court agrees

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © 2015 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


For those of us who care about government transparency, there's a particularly
delicious paragraph in a judge's written decision on a lawsuit that the Bay Area
News Group, including this paper, and its sister organization in Los Angeles
filed against the California Senate.

The lawsuit was over the Senate's refusal to turn over information from the
calendars of two suspended senators who are under federal indictment. The Senate
cited "legislative privilege" to keep the public from learning with whom the
senators met on particular days when they are accused of wrongdoing. Sacramento
Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny wrote:

"To the extent such privacy interests exist, the Court declines to give them
significant weight. When an individual meets with a publicly elected official in
connection with that official's public duties, one cannot expect the existence
of the meeting to be subject to absolute secrecy. Transparency and openness in
government are fundamental; in doing business with government, one subjects
one's self to that potential light."

Amen to that.

Following up on his tentative ruling issued in April, Kenny's decision
represents a huge victory for the public. It should resonate far beyond the
specifics of calendar entries for former Sens. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and
Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, each of whom faces federal prosecution on multiple,
serious counts.

To his credit, state Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leòn said the Senate
would comply and not appeal the order. Now he and Assembly leaders should write
new rules to clarify that their calendars will be public, a rule most local
officials follow.

"To get calendars is huge," Duffy Carolan, attorney for BANG and the Los Angeles
News Group, said last week.

"And it really is a warning shot to public officials that their calendars are
not sacrosanct. And that who they are meeting with and what they are doing on
the public dime when wrongdoing is involved can't be kept from the public."

Or even when wrongdoing isn't involved. The public's business is public. But if
the federal indictments are correct, there was plenty of wrongdoing by Calderon
and Yee. Yee faces charges of public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon with public corruption, mail fraud, bribery and money
laundering.

Our reporters filed requests in spring of 2014 for calendar entries and other
records corresponding to specific dates mentioned in the criminal indictments.
The Senate, relying on a ridiculously broad interpretation of a 1991 Supreme
Court case, refused them all. So we sued on behalf of the public.

De León should now insist on new rules that side with California's 39 million
residents rather than with any of his 39 colleagues who might be tempted to hide
their dealings from the public they supposedly serve.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                January 5, 2004

Police cannot conduct warrant check of the passenger of a stopped car

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448  words


A police officer who stopped a car for making an illegal turn, then requested
the passenger's identification and checked for any outstanding warrants for his
arrest violated the Fourth Amendment, the Illinois Supreme Court has ruled.

The officer discovered after the stop that the driver was driving with a
suspended license. He testified that it was his usual practice to request
identification from a passenger when a driver didn't have a valid license in
order to determine if the other person could drive the car. However, he didn't
ask the passenger whether he was able to driver the car and didn't suspect any
wrongdoing on the passenger's part.

The officer performed a check on the passenger's identification and found that
he had an outstanding warrant for failing to appear in court. He placed the
passenger under arrest and searched him, finding rock cocaine in his pocket. He
then searched the car and found cocaine in the back seat.

The passenger moved to suppress the evidence.

The state argued that the passenger could have declined to provide his
identification to the officer.

But the court said that the warrant check violated the Fourth Amendment.

"[T]he request for identification, in and of itself, did not change the
fundamental nature of the stop by converting it into a general inquisition about
past, present and future wrongdoing. ... Once [the] officer ... obtained the
identification card, however, he proceeded to run a check to determine whether
there were outstanding warrants for [the passenger's] arrest," the court said.

Here, "[t]he warrant check ... was not related to the initial justification for
the traffic stop. [The] officer ... initiated the traffic stop because the
driver made an illegal left turn. [The passenger], however, was simply the
front-seat passenger in the car and was not implicated in the traffic violation.
... Further, the warrant check was not supported by a reasonable, articulable
suspicion that [the passenger] had committed or was about to commit a crime.
[The] officer ... neither saw nor suspected that [the passenger] had committed
any wrongdoing. ... Under the circumstances at bar, ... regardless of the
duration of the detention, the warrant check was impermissible because it
changed the fundamental nature of the traffic stop. The warrant check converted
the stop from a routine traffic stop into an investigation of past wrongdoing by
[the passenger]," the court said.

It cited similar decisions from Georgia, Massachusetts, New Jersey and South
Carolina, while noting contrary decisions from Louisiana, Utah and Washington.

People v. Harris (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9927216) Illinois Supreme Court No.
92783. November 20, 2003.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Court agrees: Make officials' calendars public

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 568 words

ABSTRACT

6/11 Editorial

FULL TEXT

For those of us who care about government transparency, there's a particularly
delicious paragraph in a judge's written decision on a lawsuit that the Bay Area
News Group, including this paper, and its sister organization in Los Angeles
filed against the California Senate.

The lawsuit was over the Senate's refusal to turn over information from the
calendars of two suspended senators who are under federal indictment. The Senate
cited "legislative privilege" to keep the public from learning with whom the
senators met on particular days when they are accused of wrongdoing. Sacramento
Superior Court Judge Michael Kenny wrote:

"To the extent such privacy interests exist, the Court declines to give them
significant weight. When an individual meets with a publicly elected official in
connection with that official's public duties, one cannot expect the existence
of the meeting to be subject to absolute secrecy. Transparency and openness in
government are fundamental; in doing business with government, one subjects
one's self to that potential light."

Amen to that.

Following up on his tentative ruling issued in April, Kenny's decision
represents a huge victory for the public. It should resonate far beyond the
specifics of calendar entries for former Sens. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and
Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, each of whom faces federal prosecution on multiple,
serious counts.

To his credit, state Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leòn said the Senate
would comply and not appeal the order. Now he and Assembly leaders should write
new rules to clarify that their calendars will be public, a rule most local
officials follow.

"To get calendars is huge," said Duffy Carolan, attorney for BANG and the Los
Angeles News Group last week.

"And it really is a warning shot to public officials that their calendars are
not sacrosanct. And that who they are meeting with and what they are doing on
the public dime when wrongdoing is involved can't be kept from the public."

Or even when wrongdoing isn't involved. The public's business is public. But if
the federal indictments are correct, there was plenty of wrongdoing by Calderon
and Yee. Yee faces charges of public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon with public corruption, mail fraud, bribery and money
laundering.

Our reporters filed requests in spring of 2014 for calendar entries and other
records corresponding to specific dates mentioned in the criminal indictments.
The Senate, relying on a ridiculously broad interpretation of a 1991 Supreme
Court case, refused them all. So we sued on behalf of the public.

De Le[#xfffd]n should now insist on new rules that side with California's 39
million residents rather than with any of his 39 colleagues who might be tempted
to hide their dealings from the public they supposedly serve.

- Bay Area News Group

Writing us

Letters to the Times-Herald must contain the first and last name of the letter
writer, as well as contact information to reach the letter writer. The contact
information will not be published by the Times-Herald.

We encourage letters to be sent via email. Those letters are more likely to be
published in a timely fashion.

Email: opinion@timesheraldonline.com Write: Letters, Vallejo Times-Herald, 440
Curtola Parkway, Vallejo, CA, 94590.

For more information, contact Times-Herald Editor Jack F.K. Bungart at
jbungart@timesheraldonline.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 20, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The board member, the gambler, the golfer and the insider trading plot;
Ex-Dean Foods chairman charged in 5-year scheme

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy and A.J. Perez, @kmccoynyc, @byajperez, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 776 words


A multimillion-dollar insider-trading scheme stretched from the boardroom of the
nation's largest dairy processor to the world of professional gambling and even
enmeshed famed golfer Phil Mickelson, federal prosecutors and regulators alleged
Thursday.

Announcing charges in a five-year conspiracy, authorities said former Dean Foods
(DF) chairman Thomas Davis systematically fed secret corporate information about
his Dallas-based dairy giant and another company to Las Vegas gambler William
"Billy" Walters.

Walters used the corporate information to rack up $43 million in illegal profits
and avoided losses, said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and Andrew
Ceresney, head of enforcement for the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The authorities filed parallel criminal and civil insider trading cases in
Manhattan federal court.

Walters allegedly fed some of the information to Mickelson, who made $931,000 in
profits on winning trades of Dean Foods shares, Ceresney said.

Charged with criminal conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud, Walters was
arrested Wednesday in Las Vegas.

Davis has pleaded guilty and is cooperating with investigators. Mickelson was
charged in the SEC's civil case as a relief defendant -- a person who is not
accused of wrongdoing but who has received property or benefits linked to
illegal activity.

Without admitting or denying the allegations, Mickelson agreed to pay more than
$1 million from the combined Dean Foods trading profits and pre-judgment
interest, Ceresney said.

"Phil was an innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was
unaware of. Phil is innocent of any wrongdoing," the golfer's attorneys, Gregory
Craig and Pat Swan, said in a statement.

Walters was the alleged linchpin of the plot, arranging lucrative loans for
Davis when the Dean Foods board member was desperate for cash and giving
Mickelson a way to reap profits when the golfer owed money to the gambler,
according to court filings and investigators.

"With a direct channel into Dean Foods' boardroom, Walters allegedly traded in
advance of good news and bad news alike," Bharara said at a Manhattan news
conference.

"As alleged, it was all good news for Walters, because he had the information
before everyone else -- he had tomorrow's headlines today," Bharara said.

Defense attorney Barry Berke issued a statement that described Walters as "a
true American success story, whose extraordinary accomplishments as a lawful
sports gambler have been widely recognized and lauded."

The statement said Walters and his legal team "look forward to his day in court
where it will be shown that the prosecutors' accusations are based on erroneous
assumptions, speculative theories and false finger-pointing."

From at least 2008 to 2014, Davis allegedly tipped Walters to upcoming earnings
reports and other information about not only Dean Foods but also Darden
Restaurants (DRI), the parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains,
the criminal charging documents alleged.

Davis got the information from a law firm that had tried to recruit him to
invest in Darden, court filings show.

The information included improper advance word of Dean's spinoff of WhiteWave
Foods in 2012, the filings charged.

Walters, who allegedly knew Davis had violated his corporate responsibilities,
used the information to execute trades of Dean Food shares that generated
approximately $32million in realized and unrealized profits and roughly
$11million in avoided losses, the 39-page criminal indictment alleged.

Using the secret information from Davis, Walters allegedly executed trades in
shares of Darden stock that produced approximately $1 million in profits.

Walters allegedly gave Davis a prepaid cellphone to use when the two discussed
confidential corporate information.

Trying to avoid detection, they used the code words "Dallas Cowboys" when
discussing pending Dean Foods corporate plans, Bharara said.

Walters phoned Mickelson in 2012 and urged him to trade in Dean Foods stock, the
SEC complaint alleged.

Mickelson, who owed money to Walters at the time of the call, followed the
gambler's advice.

The bet paid off as Dean Foods shares soared 40% about a week later after the
announcement of the WhiteWave spinoff, the SEC complaint charged.

"Simply put, Mickelson made money that wasn't his to make," Ceresney said.

He rejected any speculation that the absence of stronger direct charges against
the golfer might signal preferential legal treatment.

In return for the secret information, Walters gave Davis financial benefits,
including approximately $1 million in loans that largely were not repaid, the
indictment charged.

Contributing: Matt Krantz

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Joe Camporeale, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Internal investigation clears Bladen deputy of wrongdoing in officer-involved
shooting

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


Feb. 26--ELIZABETHTOWN -- An internal investigation by the Bladen County
Sheriff's Office has cleared a deputy of any wrongdoing in an officer-involved
shooting earlier this month.

Deputy D.A. Schmale was scheduled to return to duty Friday, according to a news
release from Sheriff James A. McVicker.

"Based on the findings, I believe my deputy acted within office guidelines,"
McVicker said in the release.

The shooting happened Feb. 13 after Schmale made a vehicle stop, the release
said.

Schmale learned that the driver, Dennis Marshall of Elizabethtown, had an
outstanding warrant and directed him to get out of his car.

As Marshall was placed under arrest, he began to resist and grabbed a handgun
from his vehicle, the release said.

Marshall began to fire at Schmale just as Elizabethtown police Officer Blake
Bryan arrived to help, the release said.

Schmale and Blake returned fire.

Marshall was treated at New Hanover Memorial Hospital in Wilmington for gunshot
wounds.

He is now in the custody of the state Department of Correction, where he is
continuing to receive medical care, the release said.

Neither lawman was injured.

The internal investigation is standard procedure, McVicker said, to determine
whether the deputy followed the law and the department's policy and procedure in
the use of deadly force.

Once the investigation is complete, a review board of departmental personnel and
an officer from an uninvolved police agency review the findings to determine
whether the officer followed policy and procedure.

"This board does not make any recommendations other than that. Once the review
board presents their finding to me, I make my decision," McVicker said.

Elizabethtown police Interim Chief Kip Hester said a review has indicated Bryan
acted in accordance with departmental policy.

Bryan returned to duty earlier this week.

The State Bureau of Investigation has completed its investigation of the
incident.

It is standard procedure for the SBI to investigate most officer-involved
shootings in the state.

The SBI findings will be presented to Bladen District Attorney Jon David, who
will make a final decision as to whether criminal charges will be filed.

Staff writer Nancy McCleary can be reached at mcclearyn@fayobserver.com or
486-3568.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160226-FY-Internal-investigation-clears-Bladen-deputy-of-wrongdoing
-in-officer-involved-shooting-0226-20160226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                  Main Edition

NOTES;
Tuberville partner denies wrongdoing

BYLINE: KEN SUGIURA; Staff and news services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 201 words


A business partner of Tommy Tuberville denied the Texas Tech coach was involved
in dealings that led to a lawsuit by investors who allege he defrauded them out
of more than $1.7 million.

Tuberville and John David Stroud co-founded TS Capital Management in Alabama
while Tuberville was coaching at Auburn. A federal lawsuit filed Friday in
Montgomery names Tuberville, Stroud and eight investment entities as defendants,
claiming the two men "employed devices, schemes, and artifices to defraud" seven
plaintiffs from Arkansas, Alabama and Tennessee.

In a statement issued to the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal by his attorney
Wednesday, Stroud not only denied any wrongdoing but said Tuberville wasn't
involved in the day-to-day operations of the company and didn't solicit the
plaintiffs to invest.

Tuberville has denied any wrongdoing.

Tech kickoff times

Georgia Tech set kickoff times for its first two nonconference games.

The games against Presbyterian on Sept. 8 and Middle Tennessee State on Sept. 29
will begin at 7 p.m. at Bobby Dodd Stadium. Aside from the 8 p.m. kickoff for
the Yellow Jackets' Sept. 3 game at Virginia Tech, the rest of the kickoff times
likely won't be determined until the season begins.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                Ontario Edition

COURTS;
Creators of anti-abortion videos indicted;
Grand jury clears Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing, but charges activists behind
undercover fetal-tissue footage

BYLINE: PAUL J. WEER, Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, TEXAS


A Houston grand jury investigating undercover footage of Planned Parenthood
found no wrongdoing Monday by the reproductive health organization and instead
indicted antiabortion activists involved in making the videos that provoked
outrage among Republican leaders countrywide.

David Daleiden, founder of the Center for Medical Progress, was indicted on a
felony charge of tampering with a governmental record and a misdemeanour count
related to purchasing human organs. Another activist, Sandra Merritt, was also
indicted on a charge of tampering with a governmental record. It's the first
time anyone in the group has been charged criminally since the videos started
surfacing last year.

In a statement announcing the indictment, Harris County District Attorney Devon
Anderson didn't provide details on the charges, including what record or records
were allegedly tampered with and why Mr. Daleiden faces a charge related to
buying human organs.

Ms. Anderson's office said it could not provide details until the documents
charging Mr. Daleiden and Ms. Merritt were formally made public.

The anti-abortion Center for Medical Progress has released several covertly shot
videos of Planned Parenthood officials discussing the handling of fetal tissue
from abortions. The centre claims that Planned Parenthood illegally sold fetal
tissue; Planned Parenthood officials have denied any wrongdoing and have said
the videos were misleadingly edited. A phone message seeking comment from the
centre about Monday's indictment wasn't immediately returned.

Planned Parenthood officials swiftly hailed the indictment as just.

"This is absolutely great news because it is a demonstration of what Planned
Parenthood has said from the very beginning: We follow every law and regulation
and these anti-abortion activists broke multiple laws to try and spread lies,"
Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast spokeswoman Rochelle Tafolla said.

The videos provoked an outcry from the anti-abortion movement, and prompted
numerous investigations of Planned Parenthood by Republican-led committees in
Congress and by GOP-led state governments. Thus far, none of the investigations
has turned up wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood. Republicans in Congress last
summer unsuccessfully called for cutting off funding for Planned Parenthood.

Arkansas and Louisiana, two neighbouring states that have launched similar moves
to cut state Medicaid funding after the videos, have been on the losing end of
federal lawsuits, with judges blocking their attempts to halt funds.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

Mickelson named in federal lawsuit involving insider trading

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 441 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission named golfer Phil Mickelson in a
federal insider trading lawsuit, alleging in court documents filed on Thursday
that the five-time major winner made nearly $1 million via information that was
not publicly available.

The complaint filed by the SEC in U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York named Mickelson as a so-called "relief defendant," meaning the
golfer has not been accused of any criminal wrongdoing. Since the case is in
civil court, the SEC seeks "all ill-gotten gains in the form of illicit trading
profits."

Billy Walters, a well-known sports gambler who allegedly passed the information
to Mickelson in July 2012, Thomas C. Davis, the former head of Dean Foods, along
with two companies controlled by Walters were also listed as defendants.

"Phil has not been charged with insider trading," Gregory B. Craig and Pat Swan,
attorneys for Mickelson, said in a statement provided to USA Today. "Phil was an
innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was unaware of. Phil
is innocent of any wrongdoing."

In a separate statement, Mickelson said he has entered into an agreement with
the SEC to repay the money he made from the 2012 investment in Dean Foods in
question.

Walters and Davis also face charges in a separate criminal case insider trading
case brought by the SEC, according to charging documents in Manhattan federal
court.

Davis allegedly gave Walters confidential information about Dean Foods, a major
Dallas-based dairy processor and distributor, and Darden Restaurants (DRI), the
parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains, from at least 2012-2014.

Mickelson owed Walters money from gambling debts at the time the two chatted
over the phone in July 2012, according to the lawsuit. Walters "urged Mickelson
to trade in Dean Foods stock, which Mickelson did the next trading day in three
brokerage accounts he controlled."

Mickelson purchased, partially on margin, a total of 200,240 Dean Foods shares
between July 30-31, totalling $2.4 million.

"This position dwarfed the other holdings in the brokerage accounts, which
collectively were valued at less than $250,000," Alexander M. Vasilescu, a
lawyer for the SEC, wrote. "Mickelson had not been a frequent trader and these
were his first ever Dean Foods purchases."

Dean Foods shares skyrocketed on Aug. 7, 2012, by 40 per cent when a spinoff
company, WhiteWave, was announced.

Mickelson sold all his Dean Foods shares the next day and netted a $931,000
profit.

The SEC claims Mickelson repaid Walters in September 2012, largely, with the
trading proceeds.

The PGA Tour had no comment on Mickelson.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

Phil Mickelson named in federal lawsuit involving insider trading

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 440 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission named Phil Mickelson in a federal
insider trading lawsuit, alleging in court documents filed on Thursday that the
five-time major winner made nearly $1 million via information that was not
publicly available.

The complaint filed by the SEC in U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York named Mickelson as a so-called "relief defendant," meaning the
golfer has not been accused of any criminal wrongdoing. Since the case is in
civil court, the SEC seeks "all ill-gotten gains in the form of illicit trading
profits."

Billy Walters, a well-known sports gambler who allegedly passed the information
to Mickelson in July 2012, Thomas C. Davis, the former head of Dean Foods, along
with two companies controlled by Walters were also listed as defendants.

"Phil has not been charged with insider trading," Gregory B. Craig and Pat Swan,
attorneys for Mickelson, said in a statement provided to USA Today. "Phil was an
innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was unaware of. Phil
is innocent of any wrongdoing."

In a separate statement, Mickelson said he has entered into an agreement with
the SEC to repay the money he made from the 2012 investment in Dean Foods in
question.

Walters and Davis also face charges in a separate criminal case insider trading
case brought by the SEC, according to charging documents in Manhattan federal
court.

Davis allegedly gave Walters confidential information about Dean Foods, a major
Dallas-based dairy processor and distributor, and Darden Restaurants (DRI), the
parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains, from at least 2012-2014.

Mickelson owed Walters money from gambling debts at the time the two chatted
over the phone in July 2012, according to the lawsuit. Walters "urged Mickelson
to trade in Dean Foods stock, which Mickelson did the next trading day in three
brokerage accounts he controlled."

Mickelson purchased, partially on margin, a total of 200,240 Dean Foods shares
between July 30-31, totalling $2.4 million.

"This position dwarfed the other holdings in the brokerage accounts, which
collectively were valued at less than $250,000," Alexander M. Vasilescu, a
lawyer for the SEC, wrote. "Mickelson had not been a frequent trader and these
were his first ever Dean Foods purchases."

Dean Foods shares skyrocketed on Aug. 7, 2012, by 40 per cent when a spinoff
company, WhiteWave, was announced.

Mickelson sold all his Dean Foods shares the next day and netted a $931,000
profit.

The SEC claims Mickelson repaid Walters in September 2012, largely, with the
trading proceeds.

The PGA Tour had no comment on Mickelson.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

Phil Mickelson named in federal lawsuit involving insider trading

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 440 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission named Phil Mickelson in a federal
insider trading lawsuit, alleging in court documents filed on Thursday that the
five-time major winner made nearly $1 million via information that was not
publicly available.

The complaint filed by the SEC in U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York named Mickelson as a so-called "relief defendant," meaning the
golfer has not been accused of any criminal wrongdoing. Since the case is in
civil court, the SEC seeks "all ill-gotten gains in the form of illicit trading
profits."

Billy Walters, a well-known sports gambler who allegedly passed the information
to Mickelson in July 2012, Thomas C. Davis, the former head of Dean Foods, along
with two companies controlled by Walters were also listed as defendants.

"Phil has not been charged with insider trading," Gregory B. Craig and Pat Swan,
attorneys for Mickelson, said in a statement provided to USA Today. "Phil was an
innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was unaware of. Phil
is innocent of any wrongdoing."

In a separate statement, Mickelson said he has entered into an agreement with
the SEC to repay the money he made from the 2012 investment in Dean Foods in
question.

Walters and Davis also face charges in a separate criminal case insider trading
case brought by the SEC, according to charging documents in Manhattan federal
court.

Davis allegedly gave Walters confidential information about Dean Foods, a major
Dallas-based dairy processor and distributor, and Darden Restaurants (DRI), the
parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains, from at least 2012-2014.

Mickelson owed Walters money from gambling debts at the time the two chatted
over the phone in July 2012, according to the lawsuit. Walters "urged Mickelson
to trade in Dean Foods stock, which Mickelson did the next trading day in three
brokerage accounts he controlled."

Mickelson purchased, partially on margin, a total of 200,240 Dean Foods shares
between July 30-31, totalling $2.4 million.

"This position dwarfed the other holdings in the brokerage accounts, which
collectively were valued at less than $250,000," Alexander M. Vasilescu, a
lawyer for the SEC, wrote. "Mickelson had not been a frequent trader and these
were his first ever Dean Foods purchases."

Dean Foods shares skyrocketed on Aug. 7, 2012, by 40 per cent when a spinoff
company, WhiteWave, was announced.

Mickelson sold all his Dean Foods shares the next day and netted a $931,000
profit.

The SEC claims Mickelson repaid Walters in September 2012, largely, with the
trading proceeds.

The PGA Tour had no comment on Mickelson.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday

Report cites wrongdoing in Toledo neighborhoods department

BYLINE: Tony Cook and Claudia Boyd-Barrett, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


Feb. 01--An internal investigation of the city's neighborhoods department
details allegations of bid-rigging, favoritism, misuse of funds, and document
falsification, but concludes most of the accusations could not be fully
verified.

The 19-page report, provided to city council members Wednesday morning, paints a
picture of a deeply dysfunctional department where problems included an
off-the-books petty cash fund, intimidation of a police officer who was
investigating a department employee, an employee running his or her own
contracting business, licensed contractors lending their names to unlicensed
contractors, and a "probability" that one contractor was given access to
another's sealed bids.

After reviewing scores of documents and interviewing about 30 people, including
employees and contractors, the city investigators outlined allegations that
included:

--possible theft of money and equipment

--improper bidding procedures

--unexplained increases in project costs

--payment for the same work to different contractors

--"hand-holding" certain contractors through the process, giving them a
competitive advantage

--special efforts to ensure more prompt payment for certain contractors

--missing, incomplete, and unorganized records

"This investigation uncovered or confirmed the existence of many singular
irregularities and there is probable cause to believe that other improprieties
may have occurred," the report concludes. "It is difficult, within these few
short pages, to comprehensively illustrate the depths of the problems within the
Department of Neighborhoods."

The city probe, prompted by a Blade investigation, took exactly two months to
complete and was conducted by city Law Director Adam Loukx and Special Projects
Manager Dan Hiskey. They emphasized that the results were preliminary.

The report also acknowledges that the FBI and the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development are continuing to interview witnesses and reviewing documents.
The federal investigation is more extensive, the report says, encompassing the
Code Violation Abatement Program administered by municipal housing court Judge
C. Allen McConnell as well. The program is funded with federal dollars and
provides up to $4,500 to income-qualified homeowners to bring their properties
into compliance with city code. Judge McConnell did not immediately return a
phone call Wednesday.

The tone of the report differs drastically from the initial reaction of Mayor
Mike Bell's administration. The city refused at first to answer The Blade's
questions about allegations of wrongdoing in the department, saying "there is no
wrong-doing."

The latest report says, "As the investigation proceeded, it became apparent that
the issues within [the department] were more extensive than initially imagined."

The report stops short of finding any criminal activity. "Determination of
criminal wrongdoing, if any, is better left in the hands of law enforcement
authorities with jurisdiction," the report says. "In the final analysis, the
types of allegations that we encountered are difficult to corroborate due to an
atmosphere that invited misfeasance."

The city has already taken several steps to address the problems. Mayor Bell
fired the department's director and housing commissioner and disciplined two
other employees. He has also re-organized the department and proposed several
changes to the department's bidding procedures.

The report makes several additional recommendations, including putting bid
invitations online for projects over $10,000, retraining employees in
record-keeping and ethics, and improving security for department equipment and
sensitive documents.

Contact Tony Cook at: tcook@theblade.com or 419-724-6065.

Related Attachments:

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120201-TO-Report-cites-wrongdoing
-in-Toledo-neighborhoods-department-0201-20120201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2013 Friday

Probe of fatal police shooting of Fort Bragg soldier finds no wrongdoing by
Fayetteville officers

BYLINE: Gregory Phillips, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Aug. 09--An investigation into a Fayetteville police shooting of a 27-year-old
Fort Bragg soldier last year found no wrongdoing by the officer.

Cumberland County District Attorney Billy West said he and his senior staff
reviewed the State Bureau of Investigation's file on the fatal shooting of Staff
Sgt. Mark Salazar in May 2012. West said he also consulted the state Attorney
General's Office.

"Our finding was that it was no criminal conduct on behalf of the officer," West
said.

Salazar was shot on his driveway in the Middle Creek neighborhood near Fort
Bragg and the Hoke County line. Early on May 5, 2012, three police officers
responded to a 911 caller who said Salazar was standing in his front yard firing
a gun.

Police said one of the officers shot Salazar when he raised the gun in their
direction. Salazar died a week later at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center.

The three officers were placed on administrative leave while the SBI looked into
the shooting, which is standard procedure.

Officers Michael Bohannon and James Tart returned to duty 10 days after the
shooting, and Chase Robinson followed 10 days after that. Fayetteville police
never said which officer shot Salazar, who was a graphic illustrator for the
Army Special Operations Command's 4th Military Information Support Group.

In the days after the shooting, Salazar's friends and family described him as a
kind and quiet man with no criminal history. They said he would not point a gun
at police.

Timothy Kelly, a lawyer in Florida representing the mother of Salazar's young
son, asked Fayetteville lawyer Gerald Beaver to look into the shooting. West
said he shared the SBI report with Beaver, who said he found "nothing that
sharply differed" from West's conclusions.

"It looked to me like it was a very thorough investigation that they had done,"
Beaver said. "They had talked not only to the officer involved and other
officers who were on the scene at the time, but they had also talked to a number
of people in the neighborhood who had personally observed the events that
occurred that night."

Friends of Salazar said a woman was with Salazar when he was shot. They said her
testimony could show what really happened. Beaver said the SBI report included a
thorough interview with the woman, which did not contradict other accounts of
what happened.

Kelly, the family's lawyer, said a lot of second-hand information circulated
about what transpired.

"I was led to believe there were certain eyewitnesses who would have possibly
refuted what was in that report," he said. "But when asked directly about it,
their opinions seemed to concur with the report."

Kelly said he respects Beaver's experience as a lawyer and is satisfied with his
report.

"Absent something new developing, I think we're probably going to leave this
well enough alone," Kelly said. "It's a tragedy any way you look at it."

Staff writer Gregory Phillips can be reached at phillipsg@fayobserver.com or
486-3596.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130809-FY-Probe-of-fatal-police-shooting-of-Fort-Bragg-soldier-finds-no-
wrongdoing-by-Fayetteville-officers-0809-20130809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

WALKER'S THINLY VEILED THREATS AGAINST PROSECUTORS ARE OUTRAGEOUS AND DANGEROUS;

OUR VOICE

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 760 words


Gov. Scott Walker has imported into Wisconsin a politics that is more outrageous
and more dangerous than anything the state has seen since the days of Sen. Joe
Mc-Carthy. Well aware that his ideas are unpopular, and that his approach to
governing has frequently failed to keep Wisconsin competitive with neighboring
states and national measures, he prevails by raising huge amounts of money from
out-of-state billionaires and corporate interests and gaming the process with
assaults on voting rights, gerrymandering schemes, and a calculated disregard
for the rule of law.

Walker's winner-take-all approach to politics breaks faith with Wisconsin
Democrats like Gaylord Nelson, John Reynolds and Patrick Lucey and with
Wisconsin Republicans like Warren Knowles, Lee Sherman Dreyfus and Tommy
Thompson. They were willing to engage in fair fights because they believed ?
correctly, it turned out ? that they could win them.

Walker knows that he cannot win fair fights, that he cannot govern effectively,
and that he cannot withstand scrutiny.

This has made him reckless and irresponsible.

But he has never been so reckless and irresponsible as he was last week.

Prodded by reporters regarding inquiries into alleged wrongdoing by his campaign
team and its allies, the governor made statements that can ? and should ? be
interpreted as threats to prosecutors who might investigate that wrongdoing.

Noting that Wisconsin prosecutors have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn
a ruling by the conservative majority on the state Supreme Court, which blocked
an inquiry into his fundraising schemes involving his own campaigns and those of
his legislative and judicial allies, Walker said: "I would think most people in
the state would think after the U.S. Supreme Court rules on this that there's
certainly not a lack of work to be done in Milwaukee County on issues related to
crime and on other issues. We hear, not only in that county, but in other
counties, about the need for additional district attorneys and additional
resources. I think a lot of people wonder, if they continue to spend time after
the U.S. Supreme Court were to rule on this, if that's really necessary, if they
have time to spend on this even after the courts have shut it down."

The governor's office confirmed that his comments were targeting the Milwaukee
County District Attorney's Office, which has taken the lead in pursuing a John
Doe investigation into the alleged fundraising abuses by Walker and his
associates. Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm and prosecutors
from other counties asked the U.S. Supreme Court to review the controversial
decision to shut the probe down by a Walkerallied majority on the state high
court.

State Rep. Chris Taylor, an attorney, describes Walker's threatening comments as
"outrageous."

"He seems to be sending a warning to district attorneys that they better not
investigate any potential criminal activity by him," explained the Madison
Democrat.

Taylor is right.

What the governor is doing is wrong ? and it should trouble not just his critics
but responsible Republicans who have in the past defended him.

Walker's threatening language represents a serious abuse of his position. Law
enforcement agencies and the Legislature have an immediate responsibility to
examine whether his comments violate ethical and legal standards that the
governor has sworn to uphold. At the same time, media outlets and the voters of
Wisconsin have a responsibility to take note of the governor's increasingly
erratic and irresponsible behavior.

Walker is under a great deal of stress. Documents published by The Guardian
newspaper have exposed his behind-thescenes maneuvering to raise tens of
millions of dollars from billionaires and corporate interests across the
country. The governor's own emails outline his efforts to influence legislative
and judicial elections, and the emails of his associates have raised new
concerns about potential violations of state and federal laws ? and of ethical
standards.

That's serious.

But what Walker has done now is even more serious.

When an elected executive "seems to be sending a warning to district attorneys
that they better not investigate any potential criminal activity by him," the
rule of law is threatened. No honorable Wisconsinite, no Democrat and no
Republican, no liberal and no conservative, can let such a statement pass
without loud and sustained objection.

What the governor is doing is wrong ? and it should trouble not just his critics
but responsible Republicans who have in the past defended him.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO BY MICHELLE STOCKER Prodded by reporters regarding inquiries into
alleged wrongdoing by his campaign team and its allies, Gov. Scott Walker last
week made statements that can be interpreted as threats to prosecutors who might
investigate that wrongdoing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Drive Edition

UNIVERSITY SAYS NO ASSAULT TOOK PLACE ;
Langston official is cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: SILAS ALLEN, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: LANGSTON


LANGSTON - A Langston University official who was placed on administrative leave
has been cleared of all wrongdoing, school officials said, and the official's
attorney said his client may be the victim of "the worst police work" the
attorney has seen.

Charles King, the university's vice president for institutional advancement and
development, was placed on leave after university officials became concerned
King was involved in an assault on campus.

University officials said Monday they had concluded no such assault ever took
place, and that King had committed no impropriety or wrongdoing.

"After reviewing a matter that initially involved a concern on the part of a
Langston police officer who was carrying out his duty, university officials and
the OSBI both quickly concluded there was no impropriety or wrongdoing that
warranted any further review of Mr. King or his computer," LU President Kent
Smith said in a statement.

"Langston University was happy to cooperate with law enforcement, and Mr. King
was also fully cooperative throughout the review."

July 29 incident

According to a university report, the matter arose from an incident on the
evening of July 29, in which King and another LU staff member saw a boy
wandering in a parking lot near the university's administration building.

After attempting to contact the boy's mother in Oklahoma City, King notified
police officials in Oklahoma City and Guthrie, as well as university police.

According to the report, the boy, who lives with his great-grandparents in
Langston, wouldn't answer questions about how he had arrived on campus and why
he was there.

Although the boy never told police anything to indicate he'd been the victim of
an assault, a campus police officer "considered the possibility" the boy had
been assaulted, school officials said.

University officials said the officer acted out of a sense of caution, but they
offered no explanation for what caused the officer to think the boy could have
been assaulted.

Campus police notified university officials, who then contacted Logan County
District Attorney Tom Lee and the university's Board of Regents, Langston
officials said.

University officials put King on administrative leave, and the university's
information technology department turned his computer over to the Oklahoma State
Bureau of Investigation to be inspected.

A week after confirming the bureau had taken possession of King's computer, OSBI
officials said earlier this month the computer would be returned, unexamined, to
LU.

Billy Bock, King's attorney, said King is working toward an agreement that would
reinstate him at the university. University officials said they had offered to
reinstate King and that he was considering their offer.

King hasn't ruled out the possibility of suing any of the parties involved in
the investigation, Bock said, but his primary concern is getting his job back.

"He's not an overly litigious person," Bock said. "He wants to get back to
work."

Bock said he was concerned about the damage done to King's career by the police
department's implication that King had assaulted the boy, particularly since the
boy never said any assault took place. In light of the sexual assault scandal
that rocked Penn State University, Bock said, allegations like this one carry
particular weight.

"It's probably the worst police work I've ever even heard of in my 22 years
practicing law," he said.


LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles King

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Heat wave fries Buck's brain cells

BYLINE: Gene Owens

SECTION: LIFE; BUCK'S ENGLISH; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 313 words


Buck has had an ongoing problem with the air conditioning at his house, where he
writes "Buck's English."

He blames that for his goof in identifying the wrong noun that was modified by a
predicate adjective.

Buck was analyzing this sentence from the Swayback Daily Kick: "The attorney
general's investigation into financial wrongdoing is ongoing." Buck pointed to
"ongoing" as a predicate adjective modifying "wrongdoing." Wrong, wrong, wrong,
as Sue Scholz, of Perry, Mary Ann Riley, of Yukon, Myrtle Dimick, of Midwest
City, and Joyce Trice, of Oklahoma City, quickly pointed out.

It doesn't take a grammatical wizard to figure out that it was the
investigation, not the wrongdoing, that was ongoing. What happened?

Buck's brain was obviously fried at the time he delivered that column.

He offers this lame explanation: The central air conditioning unit for the
upstairs, where his office is situated, was on the blink for several steamy days
while a new part was on order.

Buck was faced with the choice of working on his trusty desktop computer in
90-degree heat or battling a balky laptop in the comfort of his air-conditioned
downstairs. He ended up doing a little of both, and the heat and aggravation had
his brain hitting on four cylinders instead of the usual six or eight.

Anyhow, Buck's point stands: "Ongoing" is a predicate adjective describing the
subject of the sentence. And Buck's prejudice against "ongoing" and similar
backward-sounding words is ongoing.

"You should have taken your laptop over to Uncle Hadacol's place," Gopher said.
"There's no air conditioning, but we keep cool by skinny dipping in his pond."

"I don't think my laptop could take either the water or the sight," Buck said.

Send questions for Buck to Gene Owens, 315 Lakeforest Circle, Anderson, SC
29625, or e-mail him at Bucks English@aol.com Please let Buck know what town
you're from.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Leahy: No more tax write-offs for corporate wrongdoing

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 123 words


MONTPELIER (AP) &GT;&GT; Vermont U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy has introduced
legislation to end a practice in which companies found to have engaged in
wrongdoing can write off the punitive damages they must pay as a business
expense.

Leahy says companies now enjoy a tax break when they are forced to pay punitive
damages after being found to have engaged in wrongdoing.

It's not the first time Leahy has tried to pass a No Tax Write-Offs for
Corporate Wrongdoers Act. He did so as well in 2011, after a mine accident in
West Virginia and the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster in the Gulf of Mexico.

Leahy says ending the tax deduction for punitive damages could result in about
$335 million in additional government revenues over the next 10 years.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 25, 2011 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 345 words

THE DISTRICT

Shooting in NEleaves man dead

A man was killed Saturday in the Carver Terrace neighborhood of Northeast
Washington, D.C. police said.

Police were called to the 1100 block of 21st Street NE about 1:45 p.m. to
investigate reports that shots had been fired. They said Isaiah Sheffield, 24,
of Northeast was found fatally wounded.

Police said they had not identified a suspect or a motive in the killing.

- Avis Thomas-Lester

MARYLAND

Pr. George's delegatedenies wrongdoing

Nearly 10 hours after state prosecutors alleged that she had stolen campaign
contributions to pay for her wedding, Del. Tiffany T. Alston (D-Prince George's)
late Friday denied any wrongdoing.

In an e-mail statement to reporters, Alston said, "I emphatically deny any
criminal wrongdoing and look forward to the appropriate opportunity to address
the accusations lodged against me."

Alston played an unexpected and central role this year in the drama over whether
the Maryland General Assembly would approve same-sex marriage.

The Office of the Maryland State Prosecutor alleged on Friday that near the time
of that debate, Alston had written herself checks for thousands of dollars from
her campaign account to pay for wedding expenses and to help pay the salary of
an employee in her law firm.

Alston faces five charges, including felony theft, which carries a maximum
potential penalty of 10 years in prison and a $10,000 fine.

- Aaron C. Davis

VIRGINIA

Alexandria schools renew chief's contract

Alexandria's school board has renewed Superintendent Morton Sherman's contract
through 2015.

"The School Board appreciates the significant progress and improvements in
student achievement that have been made, and the hard work of our teachers
across the division, but acknowledges there is more work to be done," board
Chairwoman Sheryl Gorsuch said.

The board approved the contract Thursday, with an annual salary of $250,000.

Under Sherman, who took office in August 2008, the 12,000-student system has
crafted a strategic plan to close the racial and ethnic achievement gaps in the
coming years.

- Kevin Sieff

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 10, 2013 Saturday

Probe of fatal police shooting of Fort Bragg Staff Sgt. Mark Salazar finds no
wrongdoing by Fayetteville officers

BYLINE: Gregory Phillips, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Aug. 10--An investigation into the Fayetteville police shooting of a 27-year-old
Fort Bragg soldier last year found no wrongdoing by the officer.

Cumberland County District Attorney Billy West said he and his senior staff
reviewed the State Bureau of Investigation's file on the fatal shooting of Staff
Sgt. Mark Salazar in May 2012. West said he also consulted the state Attorney
General's Office.

"Our finding was that it was no criminal conduct on behalf of the officer," West
said.

Salazar was shot in his driveway in the Middle Creek neighborhood near Fort
Bragg and the Hoke County line.

Early on May 5, 2012, three police officers responded to a 911 caller who said
Salazar was standing in his front yard firing a gun.

Police said one of the officers shot Salazar when he raised the gun in their
direction.

Salazar died a week later at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center.

The three officers were placed on administrative leave while the SBI looked into
the shooting, which is standard procedure.

Officers Michael Bohannon and James Tart returned to duty 10 days after the
shooting, and Chase Robinson followed 10 days after that. Fayetteville police
never said which officer shot Salazar, who was a graphic illustrator for the
Army Special Operations Command's 4th Military Information Support Group.

In the days after the shooting, Salazar's friends and family described him as a
kind and quiet man with no criminal history. They said he would not point a gun
at police.

Timothy Kelly, a lawyer in Florida representing the mother of Salazar's young
son, asked Fayetteville lawyer Gerald Beaver to look into the shooting. West
said he shared the SBI report with Beaver, who said he found "nothing that
sharply differed" from West's conclusions.

"It looked to me like it was a very thorough investigation that they had done,"
Beaver said. "They had talked not only to the officer involved and other
officers who were on the scene at the time, but they had also talked to a number
of people in the neighborhood who had personally observed the events that
occurred that night."

Friends of Salazar said a woman was with Salazar when he was shot. They said her
testimony could reveal what really happened. Beaver said the SBI report included
a thorough interview with the woman that did not contradict other accounts of
what happened.

Kelly, the family's lawyer, said a lot of second-hand information circulated
about what transpired.

"I was led to believe there were certain eyewitnesses who would have possibly
refuted what was in that report," he said. "But when asked directly about it,
their opinions seemed to concur with the report."

Kelly said he respects Beaver's experience as a lawyer and is satisfied with his
report.

"Absent something new developing, I think we're probably going to leave this
well enough alone," Kelly said. "It's a tragedy any way you look at it."

Staff writer Gregory Phillips can be reached at phillipsg@fayobserver.com or
486-3596.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130810-FY-Probe-of-fatal-police-shooting-of-Fort-Bragg-Staff-Sgt-Mark-Salazar-
finds-no-wrongdoing-by-Fayetteville-officers-0810-20130810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 8, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Q[A]
 WHERE YOU LIVE: YOUR VOICE, YOUR QUESTIONS, YOUR COMMUNITY NEWS

BYLINE: Colin Bessonette, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 549 words

Q: Isn't there another Bush brother in addition to George W. and Jeb? Why do we
never hear anything about him?
--- Bert Richmond, Athens

A: In addition to Jeb, governor of Florida, George W. has two other brothers:
Neil, a management consultant in Texas; and Marvin, a businessman in Virginia.
He also has a sister, Dorothy Bush Koch. All four siblings have let George W.
have the spotlight lately, although Marvin gave a TV interview and Neil appeared
briefly on CNN's "Larry King Live" at the time of the Republican National
Convention.

If Neil Bush is the brother you're thinking of, he's generally the least
inclined to speak to reporters, probably because the family feels the media
treated him harshly when he was caught up in a savings and loan scandal. He was
a director of the Silverado Banking, Savings and Loan Association in Colorado,
which failed in 1988, costing the taxpayers an estimated $ 1 billion. He was not
charged with criminal wrongdoing, but agreed to pay $ 50, 000 in 1992 to settle
a civil suit lodged in 1990 by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Q: On Aug. 30, the Dow Jones industrial average lost 112.9 points. On Aug. 31,
it gained 112.9 points. The media reported the numbers, but not the fact that
they were identical. Is this not considered news?
--- Elmer K. Miller, Cumming

A: The Dow's balancing numbers two days in a row is a coincidence with no
economic implications whatsoever, said Myron Greene, publisher of the Mutual
Fund Timing Guide. The reason it wasn't reported is that nobody cared, he added.


Q: Last year John A. Williams, CEO of Post Properties, was identified as
president of the Greater Atlanta Chamber of Commerce. I now see Sam A. Williams
listed as the president. Is this the same Mr. Williams?
--- Frank D. Repp, Atlanta

A: John A. Williams is immediate past chairman of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of
Commerce. Sam A. Williams, former president of Central Atlanta Progress, is the
metro chamber's president. They aren't related.

Q: My students and I were wondering what the initials VDB and FG on pennies
stand for. Do you know?
--- Jeanne Shrader, Atlanta

A: The initials VDB, on Lincoln pennies produced from 1909 to 1959, are for its
designer, V.D. Brenner. FG is for Frank Gasparro, who designed those produced
since 1959.

Information about specifications for all U.S. Mint legal tender coins in
circulation can be found online at this site: www.usmint.
gov/circulating/specifications.cfm.

Q: What are the ages for Girl Scouts, Cub Scouts and Boy Scouts? A recent
article reported on Latina Scouting beginning at age 5. That seems awfully
young.
--- Jim Dorsey, Chamblee

A: Girl Scouting has five levels, for girls from kindergarten through 12th
grades (or ages 5-18).

Cub Scouting has four levels, for boys in the first through fifth grades (or
ages 7-10).

Boy Scouting is for boys who have earned the Arrow of Light award or have
completed the fifth grade or who are 11-17.

Information online:
Girl Scouts, www.gsusa.org/
Cubs, www.scouting.org/nav/rec/cubs.html
Boy Scouts, www.scouting.org/nav/rec/boys.html

Do you have a question about the news? Colin Bessonette will try to get an
answer. Call 404-222-2002 or e-mail q&a@ajc.com (include your name and city).

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Complaints about pre-K

BYLINE: BY BEN CHAPMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 432 words


A SPIKE in reports of wrongdoing from universal prekindergarten programs fueled
a record number of complaints fielded by the city's special schools investigator
last year, a spokeswoman for the office said Wednesday.

City Special Commissioner of Investigation Richard Condon, who probes
misbehavior by city school staffers, received an all-time high of 6,336
complaints in 2016.

That's up more than 10% from 5,566 complaints of wrongdoing received by the
office in 2015.

Condon's spokeswoman Regina Romain said the office saw an even bigger jump in
reports of wrongdoing by staffers working with the city's youngest students.

"The number of allegations SCI receives increases each year," Romain said.
"However, the 2016 stats were fueled by the addition of over 70,000 pre-K
students. The addition of these students increased the need for more teachers,
paraprofessionals and other various school staff."

Romain said Condon's office received 310 complaints of wrongdoing from pre-K
programs in 2016, up from 204 in 2015.

She also said the office saw a rise in the number of allegations because of
people becoming more aware of the processes for reporting misconduct in schools.

The city has added about 2,000 pre-K teachers since 2014. Education Department
spokeswoman Devora Kaye said the safety of students and staff is top priority.

"We continue to use the reporting and investigative procedures in place to best
serve our school communities," Kaye said.

Kaye said that even though Condon's office received a record number complaints
of wrongdoing in 2015, the number of investigations the office opened actually
fell from 898 investigations in 2015 to 772 investigations in 2016.About 10% of
the complaints received by Condon's office last year involved sexual misconduct.

Other incidents described in complaints include thefts, the misuse of school
resources or vandalism. No other details of the breakdown of complaints in 2016
were available.

Condon's office opened 722 investigations based on the complaints it received in
2016. About a quarter of investigations the office closed in 2016 were
substantiated.

Findings of investigations are turned over to the Education Department for
disciplinary actions including termination of employment. Findings may also be
turned over to the police.

New York City Parents Union President Mona Davids said the data released by
Condon's office from 2016 is cause for concern.

GRAPHIC:

RED FLAGS ON THE RISE

In 2016, City Special Commissioner of Investigation Richard Condon (left)
received an all-time high of complaints.

2016 6,336

2015 5,566

Change 1.4%

Change 11.4 %

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, In 2016, City Special Commissioner of
Investigation Richard Condon (left) received an all-time high of complaints.
BRYAN SMITH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Daily News, L.P.


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 5, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Scandal now taints mutual funds. Where's the oversight?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 965 words

Today's debate: Financial abuses

Our view: Lax boards of directors are common flaw in recent cases.

The wave of financial scandals that has swept the nation since 2001 reached a
new level of outrage this week. Government regulators revealed widespread abuses
in what is supposed to be a safe haven for small investors: the $ 7 trillion
mutual fund industry.

At congressional hearings, investigators detailed how fund managers routinely
let a few wealthy individuals profit from secret trades in violation of fund
rules or federal laws, all at the expense of many of the 95 million Americans
who have mutual funds.


While the facts differ from recent misdeeds by executives of corporations, the
scandals share a common theme. Boards of directors that fail to root out
wrongdoing are ignoring the interests of the shareholders they are charged to
protect. Instead of guarding against investor losses caused by financial
wrongdoing, directors of mutual funds, corporations and even the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE) too often go along with schemes by company managers that enrich
executives. Directors' lapses have contributed to the massive fraud at WorldCom,
an exorbitant retirement package for the NYSE's recently ousted chairman and the
ongoing mutual fund trading scandals.

Certainly, directors don't shoulder all of the blame for recent misdeeds. But
their inattentiveness to wrongdoing -- and complicity in some instances -- makes
a strong case for the stricter directors' rules that are among the reforms
proposed by federal and state regulators to stop the shady practices in the
mutual fund industry.

Corporate boards of directors comprise top company executives and other
individuals nominated by management and approved by shareholders. Their job is
to protect the shareholders' investments by overseeing all business decisions.
In that role, they are a corporation's first line of defense for spotting
illegal or unethical behavior.

The desire to keep close tabs on management is a chief reason boards of public
companies and mutual funds have several "outside" directors who ostensibly are
independent of company managers. Typically, however, they are beholden to the
executives who pick them. As the spate of scandals has revealed, the result can
be a board that fails to challenge questionable deals that harm shareholders.

Some examples include:

 * Mutual funds. While federal rules require that half of a fund's directors be
independent, many have little fund expertise and depend on managers for
information on how the funds are run. New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer,
who first uncovered the trading abuses, testified Monday that the independent
directors did not exercise even the minimal oversight that would have uncovered
longstanding irregularities that only now are coming to light.

 * Corporations. A string of scandals shows a pattern of corporate directors'
failing to detect sweeping abuses. Tuesday, former HealthSouth CEO Richard
Scrushy was indicted on charges that since 1996 he and other executives of the
outpatient hospital chain had cooked the company's books while the board stood
by. A former director of Tyco International testified at the trial of former CEO
Dennis Kozlowski last month that the board was aware of corrupt practices by
Tyco executives as early as 2000.

 * Exchanges. After the disclosure of NYSE Chairman Dick Grasso's $ 140 million
retirement bonus created a furor, many members of the exchange's board said they
didn't even know about the package, though they legally had to approve it.
According to a new Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) report, the
directors also failed to notice that exchange middlemen, or "specialists," had
engaged in improper trades that cost investors at least $ 155 million.

In the wake of the scandals, several proposals have surfaced to improve the
policing of companies by severing the close link between directors and managers.
The SEC has suggested that shareholders have more say in selecting directors,
instead of rubber-stamping individuals chosen by management. Spitzer proposes
that directors of mutual funds increase their involvement in fund operations and
finances. Such changes would make boards more accountable to investors and less
likely to be co-opted by management.

Defenders of the current system agree that mutual funds and corporations need to
do a better job of self-policing. But they say government-imposed rules for
greater director accountability could lead to costly regulation paid by
investors.

Yet two years after the disclosure of sham financial deals that led Enron into
bankruptcy, few companies have acted on their own to improve oversight by
directors. Instead, many have resisted sensible reforms.

This week's hearings made clear that self-governance at mutual funds is as weak
as in some corporate boardrooms. For all of the good that funds do in bringing
stock ownership to the middle class, shareholders will remain vulnerable until
they can count on directors to look out for them.



Anatomy of a scandal

When the Securities and Exchange Commission surveyed 122 mutual fund companies
and brokerages last month, it found abusive trading practices to be widespread.
Problems cited:

* Market timing. Half of the firms secretly let wealthy traders buy and sell
funds to profit from price fluctuations in different markets around the world.
The trading is legal but drives up expenses for all investors.

* Late trading. A fourth of the firms let wealthy investors buy funds after the
day's closing price was set. That meant the investors could buy funds after
hearing company-earnings announcements likely to drive prices higher when
trading resumed the next day. The practice is illegal.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Robert W. Ahrens, USA TODAY, Source: Investment Company
Institute (BAR GRAPH)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday

Bureau probing Louisiana lawmaker

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 396 words


NEW ORLEANS (AP)   A Louisiana legislator said Wednesday he is being
investigated by the FBI and claimed it may be because he wouldn't give agents
information about possible wrongdoing by Rep. William Jefferson and New Orleans
Mayor Ray Nagin.

State Sen. Derrick Shepherd denied any wrongdoing and said he has no evidence of
wrongdoing by either Jefferson or Nagin. He has not been charged with a crime.

Earlier this week, an FBI agent testified in a court hearing that Shepherd, a
Democrat from suburban Marrero, helped a convicted felon launder more than
$140,000 in bogus construction bond fees last year and kept nearly half the
money.

Shepherd, at a news conference, said FBI agents visited his home months ago
asking if he could provide evidence of wrongdoing by Jefferson or Nagin.

"I would hate to think that this investigation of me is in any way connected to
my inability to provide any information related to the prosecution of
Congressman Jefferson or any investigation of Mayor Nagin that may be under
way," Shepherd said.

U.S. Attorney Jim Letten, who has aggressively prosecuted New Orleans corruption
cases, would not comment on Shepherd's claims. "I am not going to respond to
anything Mr. Shepherd says," he said.

An FBI spokesman had no comment on Shepherd's claims.

Nagin, a Democrat who toyed with a run for governor this fall but did not
qualify for the race, was not immediately available for comment, a spokesman
said. In his two terms in office he has not been linked to allegations of
wrongdoing and he has boasted that he has run a scandal-free administration.

In August, City Councilman Oliver Thomas stepped down after pleading guilty to
federal charges of taking bribes during the administration of Nagin's
predecessor, Marc Morial. Federal authorities have been investigating City Hall
corruption for years, netting several guilty pleas from people connected to
Morial's administration though Morial has not been accused of wrongdoing.

Jefferson, also a Democrat, is under indictment in Virginia on bribery,
racketeering and other charges connected with an alleged Nigerian business
scheme.

Jefferson was re-elected last year despite the indictment. Shepherd was one of
several challengers in the primary election, placing third. He later endorsed
Jefferson in a runoff election, which Jefferson won over the second-place
finisher, state Rep. Karen Carter.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2009 Friday

BRIEF: No wrongdoing found in Combes case

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 139 words


Nov. 6--COMBES -- The Cameron County District Attorney's Office found "no
criminal wrongdoing" in the investigation of Mayor Silver Garcia and the head of
a local contracting company, according to a letter submitted to the Valley
Morning Star.

The DA's findings came about a month after a local committee also found no
wrongdoing in contracts awarded in several sewer repair projects after Hurricane
Dolly.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091106-HR-BRF-No-wrongdoing-found-in-Combes-case-1106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2009 Valley Morning Star


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 27, 2015 Friday
                         The New York Times on the Web

High Risk but Little Reward for Whistle-Blowers

BYLINE: By WILLIAM D. COHAN.

William D. Cohan is a former senior mergers and acquisitions banker who has
written three books about Wall Street. His latest book is ''The Price of
Silence: The Duke Lacrosse Scandal, the Power of the Elite, and the Corruption
of Our Great Universities.''

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Dealbook; STREET SCENE; Pg.

LENGTH: 993 words


For the last few months, a disconnect has emerged between Wall Street regulators
and prosecutors on the one hand and potential Wall Street whistle-blowers on the
other. The authorities have publicly encouraged people who see wrongdoing on
Wall Street to come forward and talk with them about it. They insist that
witnessing wrongdoing and doing nothing about it is every bit as bad as
committing the wrongdoing itself.

But when whistle-blowers do come forward, they are too often left to twist in
the wind before being fired, leaving them to wonder whether their act of courage
was worth it. If, in fact, regulators and prosecutors want the cooperation of
the insiders who work on Wall Street, why are they doing so little to protect
them from the consequences of whistle-blowing? It's a conundrum that needs some
serious fixing if the authorities have any legitimate hope of getting the
cooperation they seek.

The most recent in a string of exhortations came this month during a speech by
Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York,
delivered to a standing-room-only crowd at Fordham Law School in Manhattan. Mr.
Bharara said that when he speaks to business school students, a standard part of
his talk is to share with them the unfortunate fact that while they may not
engage in wrongdoing, there is a meaningful probability that a few of the people
they end up working with will. That, he said, is when their responsibility kicks
in.

''The biggest problems arise in institutions and in countries and in financial
institutions when the good people don't do anything,'' he said. ''So it's not
enough to simply make sure that you're getting rid of the bad folks. You want to
make sure that you are empowering and sometimes embarrassing the good folks at
any institution that exists to do something when they see something bad going
on.''

He pointed out that the most significant recent prosecutions that his office had
been involved in -- Bernard L. Madoff's Ponzi scheme and insider trading cases
at the Galleon Group and SAC Capital Advisors -- were at firms where ''lots and
lots of people,'' long before the F.B.I. or the prosecutors showed up, ''knew
that something was wrong.'' He then asked those who see wrongdoing to come
forward and report it. ''Good people who do nothing -- as the cliché goes, but
it's not a cliché -- good people who do nothing bear responsibility for the bad
things that go on in their institution,'' he said. ''And that is just as true in
public corruption as it is anywhere else. And so it's incumbent upon good people
at institutions not just to complain that their institution is being mocked and
maligned but to do something about it.''

Mr. Bharara is the latest Wall Street regulator to express this view. Last
October, speaking at a forum about the need to change Wall Street's culture,
William C. Dudley, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, also
urged people who see wrongdoing at their firms to report it to the authorities.

''Firms need to foster an environment that rewards the free exchange of ideas
and views,'' he said. ''Individuals should feel that they can raise a concern
and have confidence that the issues will be escalated and fully considered. This
is a critical element to prevention. A firm's employees are its best monitors,
but this only works well if they feel a shared responsibility to speak up,
expect to be heard and their efforts supported by senior management.''

Mr. Dudley then gave an example. He recalled the recent scandal involving the
London interbank offered rate, known as Libor, in which traders colluded with
bank rate submitters to manipulate the interest rate. He suggested that instead
of going along with the scheme, the better choice would have been for the person
who witnessed the manipulation to report it to authorities. ''The submitter says
'no way,' tells the trader that this request is inappropriate and that the
trader will be reported to compliance,'' Mr. Dudley said. ''The submitter
reports the trader's attempt at manipulation to legal and compliance. Compliance
investigates to confirm the facts. The trader is fired and is fully prosecuted
for any criminal actions.''

Such idealist suggestions make me wonder whether Mr. Dudley really worked at
Goldman Sachs for 21 years.

Here's what really happens on Wall Street: People who report wrongdoing get
fired. And the wrongdoing they report is either ignored or covered up. The
whistle-blowers are then blackballed from the industry and are rarely able to
obtain jobs at the level or pay they earned before they reported the wrongdoing.

There is the occasional whistle-blower who is rewarded for reporting wrongdoing
-- for instance, Sherry Hunt, an employee at Citigroup's mortgage unit who
reported bad behavior and received $31 million -- but most end up like her boss,
Richard M. Bowen III, who reported wrongdoing up through the bank's highest
levels and instead was rewarded with being fired, no financial windfall and no
hero's welcome. He now teaches accounting at the University of Texas, Dallas.

Or they end up like Alayne Fleischmann, a former associate at JPMorgan Chase,
who like Mr. Bowen at Citigroup also saw wrongdoing in the mortgages that the
bank was packaging into securities and selling to investors. Like Mr. Bowen,
within months of discovering and reporting the wrongdoing, she was fired. She is
now unemployed, and, like Mr. Bowen, hoping that federal prosecutors will look
seriously at the evidence she has provided them before the statute of
limitations expires.

I have written about Mr. Bowen and Ms. Fleischmann before, but I could have
mentioned many other whistle-blowers. I hope I have made my point: Mr. Bharara
and Mr. Dudley are living in an alternate reality when they ask people on Wall
Street to risk their livelihoods to report wrongdoing. Too often the
whistle-blowers end up being castigated rather than celebrated.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/27/business/dealbook/high-risk-but-little-reward-
for-whistle-blowers.html

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Probe of ex-fire officials dry

BYLINE: CHRISTIAN M. WADE cwade@tampatrib.com, cwade@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 443 words


FBI unable to substantiate allegations of wrongdoing.

By CHRISTIAN M. WADE

cwade@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - A federal investigation of former Tampa fire inspectors who were accused
of accepting inappropriate gifts from a sprinkler company has found no evidence
of wrongdoing.

The FBI probe focused on allegations that at least three fire marshals with
Tampa Fire Rescue had accepted hockey tickets and other gratuities from Advanced
Engineered Systems, a company that installs fire alarm systems.

"We reviewed the allegations and found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing," said
Dave Couvertier, a spokesman for the FBI's Tampa field office. He declined to
provide details.

Steve Cole, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in Tampa, confirmed that
federal prosecutors reviewed the allegations and found no evidence of criminal
wrongdoing.

About three years ago, the city began investigating whether several inspectors
in its fire marshal's office improperly accepted gifts from AES to sporting
events or other favors.

Three longtime fire inspectors left the Tampa fire marshal's office amid the
inquiry.

Veteran fire inspector Carlos Llerandi was demoted by the department in January
2008 because he was accused of accepting a hockey ticket from the company. He
later resigned.

Toy K. Pelaez was accused of accepting hockey tickets from the company. Manuel
T. Perrone was accused of accepting concert and hockey tickets and the use of a
30-foot Sea Ray boat provided by the sprinkler company. Both resigned in
December 2007.

All three men were in charge of reviewing the company's work plans and permits.

Tampa police later turned their investigation over to the FBI and U.S.
attorney's office.

City code prohibits officials from accepting gifts related to any business
transaction that "can be reasonably inferred as intended to influence the
performance of an official act."

Fire union officials labeled the investigation a "witch hunt" and said
inspectors didn't do anything in return for the gifts. No other inspectors were
named in the city's probe.

Inspectors ensure buildings meet fire codes. Some focus on new construction and
others on existing buildings. They determine whether buildings require sprinkler
systems and that fire exits are marked and fire doors work, among other duties.

Tampa Fire Rescue said the buildings the fire inspectors were responsible for
were inspected again immediately after the allegations surfaced and were
determined to be safe.

Reporter Christian M. Wade can be reached at (813) 259-7679.

Photo: Dave Couvertier

Photo: Steve Cole

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Mickelson named in insider trading lawsuit

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 300 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission named Phil Mickelson in a federal
insider trading lawsuit, alleging in court documents filed on Thursday that the
five-time major winner made nearly $1 million via information that was not
publicly available.

The complaint filed by the SEC in U.S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York named Mickelson as a so-called "relief defendant," meaning the
golfer has not been accused of any criminal wrongdoing. Since the case is in
civil court, the SEC seeks "all ill-gotten gains in the form of illicit trading
profits."

Billy Walters, a well-known sports gambler who allegedly passed the information
to Mickelson in July 2012, Thomas C. Davis, the former head of Dean Foods, along
with two companies controlled by Walters were also listed as defendants.

"Phil has not been charged with insider trading," Gregory B. Craig and Pat Swan,
attorneys for Mickelson, said in a statement provided to USA Today. "Phil was an
innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that he was unaware of. Phil
is innocent of any wrongdoing."

In a separate statement, Mickelson said he has entered into an agreement with
the SEC to repay the money he made from the 2012 investment in Dean Foods in
question.

Davis allegedly gave Walters confidential information about Dean Foods, a major
Dallas-based dairy processor and distributor, and Darden Restaurants (DRI), the
parent of Olive Garden and other popular dining chains, from at least 2012-2014.

Mickelson owed Walters money from gambling debts at the time the two chatted
over the phone in July 2012, according to the lawsuit. Walters "urged Mickelson
to trade in Dean Foods stock, which Mickelson did.

Dean Foods shares skyrocketed on Aug. 7, 2012, by 40 per cent when a spinoff
company, WhiteWave, was announced.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 12, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Conferees Drop 'Whistleblower' Provision; Measure Would Have Allowed CIA
Employees to Tell Congress of Wrongdoing

Walter Pincus, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 554 words


A House-Senate conference committee dropped a controversial provision from the $
27 billion fiscal 1998 intelligence authorization bill that would have allowed
employees of the CIA and other agencies to disclose classified information
related to violations of law or other wrongdoing to members of Congress without
approval of their bosses.

The "whistleblowers" provision had faced strong opposition from the
administration, which said it would violate the president's authority to
determine what classified information executive branch employees can disclose to
Congress.

Supporters of the conference bill, which passed the Senate on Thursday and the
House late the next day, said they agreed with the White House position that the
president had authority to protect national security information. But they said
that hearings on the matter would be held next year to come up with "appropriate
legislative solutions" to preserve other elements of the whistleblower
provision.

Richard C. Shelby (R-Ala.), chairman of the Senate Select Committee on
Intelligence, said the 19 Senate members of the conference, including Armed
Services Committee Chairman Strom Thurmond (R-S.C.), voted unanimously in
support of the whistleblower provision but that a majority of the House
conferees voted against it.

Sen. Bob Kerrey (D-Neb.), vice chairman of the Senate intelligence panel, said,
"In the murky and potentially lethal world of intelligence, it seems
self-evident that an employee who knew of serious wrongdoing might not want to
clear with her boss or with her agency's inspector general or even with the
Justice Department the fact that she was going to the intelligence committee or
the Armed Services Committee or another appropriate committee with information
about wrongdoing."

In another provision, the CIA inspector general for the first time was given the
power to subpoena information from private sources outside the government to aid
in investigations, an authority that all other government inspectors general
already have. The issue arose recently during an investigation by CIA Inspector
General Frederick Hitz into allegations that agency personnel were involved in
the introduction of crack cocaine into South-Central Los Angeles in the 1980s.

Reflecting continued congressional concern about China, the conference agreed to
keep a provision calling for the directors of central intelligence and the FBI
to provide an annual report on the intelligence activities of the Beijing
government "directed against or affecting the interests of the United States" to
the congressional intelligence oversight committees in both a classified and
unclassified form.

The final bill also included a provision making the State Department responsible
for sharing with family members any information received by U.S. agencies about
crimes committed abroad involving citizens.

The provision, introduced by Shelby, resulted from his experience getting
information from the Pentagon and State Department about the 1985 murders in El
Salvador of six Americans, including a Marine from Alabama. Pedro Antonio
Andrade, a Salvadoran guerrilla involved in the killings, was permitted to come
to the United States in 1990 without the knowledge of the victims' families. He
was recently deported, Shelby said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 24, 2015 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Personal life of Va. lawmaker reviewed

BYLINE: Jenna Portnoy

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1664 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


No wrongdoing found

in Senate leader's

connection to lobbyist

RICHMOND - Thomas K. Norment Jr., the majority leader of the Virginia Senate,
has acknowledged a relationship with a lobbyist whose firm regularly pushed for
legislation that Norment voted for and, in two cases, sponsored directly.

Norment, a Williamsburg-area lawmaker who is among Virginia's most powerful
politicians, admitted the relationship while defending himself against
allegations of wrongdoing made by a former legal client who tried to blackmail
him.

The allegations prompted federal investigators to review the relationship, but
they closed the matter without bringing criminal charges.

The client, Christopher J. Burruss, was sentenced April 1 to two years in prison
on federal extortion charges. In addition to the blackmail attempt, Burruss had
filed a complaint to the Virginia State Bar in 2013. In it, according to Norment
spokesman Jeff Ryer, Burruss accused the lawmaker of myriad offenses, including
doing political favors for the lobbyist because of their relationship.

Norment (R-James City) denied wrongdoing in a response to the complaint, Ryer
said. Norment also named the lobbyist, Angela Bezik, and disclosed the personal
relationship, according to two people who have seen the confidential document.

Norment said in his response to the bar complaint that he had exercised
"exceedingly poor judgment," Ryer confirmed.

The details of Norment's response were first reported by the Virginian-Pilot.

"The U.S. Attorney exhaustively examined this matter and cleared me and everyone
else Mr. Burruss attempted to smear in his failed blackmail attempt," Norment
said in a statement issued to The Washington Post on Thursday.

It's not clear when Norment's relationship with Bezik began or ended, but he
said in the bar response that he reconciled with his wife in 2011.

According to public records, Bezik's firm lobbied the legislature on 126
different bills between 2011 and 2014, when the most recent data is available.
Of the 63 measures that made it to the Senate floor for a vote, Norment did not
abstain on any.

There is no evidence that Norment gave Bezik's issues special treatment. In
other cases, lawmakers have tried to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of
interest by not voting on measures when a family member or intimate friend also
holds a stake in a matter.

The revelations come at a time when ethics in politics and appearances of
conflicts are heavy on the minds of Virginia's political class. Former governor
Robert F. McDonnell's conviction last year, along with his wife, Maureen, on
corruption charges stemming from a $177,000 gifts scandal prompted lawmakers to
tighten ethics rules in each of the past two years.

Norment was an author of legislation that emerged from the General Assembly this
year imposing a $100 annual cap on gift-giving to lawmakers. He was also
appointed in February to the Virginia Conflict of Interest and Ethics Advisory
Council.

Even as he acknowledged a need for reform, however, Norment has complained
publicly that the push for ethics reform has been overblown. Norment has been
among the legislature's biggest gift recipients (he was No. 1 in 2012),
accepting hunting trips, for instance, from Dominion Virginia Power and the
Virginia Public Safety Alliance. Norment has said that, since 2013, he has paid
for such trips himself.

According to a news release from federal prosecutors, Burruss's allegations
arose from a complaint to the state bar in which he accused Norment of
mishandling a criminal case involving charges of eluding police and driving
under the influence. In addition to the complaint, Burruss also e-mailed Norment
and threatened to release damaging personal information if he didn't pay
$20,000, the news release says. It's unclear how Burruss knew of the personal
relationship between Norment and Bezik.

Burruss's allegations prompted a review by federal investigators, but
prosecutors closed the case without pursuing criminal charges, according to a
letter from federal prosecutors provided by Norment's attorney, Richard Cullen.

Ryer confirmed that the FBI interviewed Norment multiple times about the case.
Investigators also reviewed e-mail and cellphone data, Ryer said.

Cullen said he does not think prosecutors would have proceeded with the
extortion case had they thought that something improper had happened between
Norment and Bezik. "During Norment's preparation by the U.S. attorney's office
in the case against Burruss, the prosecutors told him that [they] had looked
into Burruss's allegation that Norment and the lobbyist had done something wrong
and reported to Norment that those allegations were false," Cullen said.

Norment, 69, is a 23-year veteran of the state Senate. A lawyer with the Hampton
Roads firm Kaufman & Canoles, he also teaches at the law school of the College
of William and Mary.

Bezik, the FBI and the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia
declined to comment through spokesmen. In a statement, Norment said he reported
Burruss's plot to authorities knowing they would look into all of his claims.

"I was very pleased when the federal prosecutors assured me they had thoroughly
examined all of Mr. Burruss's allegations in their entirety - against me and
others whom he had unfairly smeared - and found all of the allegations
completely baseless," he said.

Regarding the relationship with Bezik, Norment said that it had occurred while
he was contemplating divorce.

At the time of their relationship, Bezik worked for a small lobbying firm she
had co-founded, Principle Advantage, and she represented a variety of clients
with business before the legislature, including Autism Speaks, the city of
Virginia Beach and the Council for Certified Virginia Interior Designers.

For the past year, Bezik has worked for the Richmond-based law firm Williams
Mullen. But her name was removed from the firm's Web site last week, and a
spokeswoman said she had left "to pursue other opportunities."

Virginia law states that a conflict of interest arises when a lawmaker or a
member of the lawmaker's immediate family is likely to reap a "personal
financial benefit" from a matter before the legislature.

No states prohibit relationships between lawmakers and lobbyists, according to
Peggy Kerns of the National Conference of State Legislatures. In some cases,
lawmakers have taken steps to minimize the appearance of a conflict by
abstaining on votes or prohibiting the lobbyist from directly lobbying the
lawmaker or that person's staff.

Virginia's secretary of the commonwealth as well as the nonprofit Virginia
Public Access Project compile and publish records of registered lobbyists -
including Bezik and her firm.

In two cases, Norment was the chief sponsor of bills lobbied by Bezik's firm.
The first bill dealt with a turf war over whether state or local agencies should
have the power to help nonprofit organizations borrow money and collect the
associated fees.

Norment sponsored the bill during the 2011 legislative session on behalf of the
city of Williamsburg, which at the time worried about losing revenue over such
deals. Several local governments, including Bezik's client, Virginia Beach, were
also part of the effort. Norment eventually struck the bill after he helped
broker a compromise to resolve the issue without legislation, according to
multiple people involved with the issue.

In his statement to The Post, Norment said of that bill: It "was brought to me
by the City of Williamsburg, which I represented at the time and for 20 years. I
carried it at their request and would do so again - happily."

The second bill would have established a fund to encourage private investment in
renewable energy grant projects. Norment introduced the bill in the 2014
session, voted for it in the finance committee and again on the Senate floor.
The bill passed but would not have gone into effect unless an identical bill
passed in this year's session. It did not.

A client of Bezik's firm, a regional chapter of the Solar Energy Industries
Association, favored the bill and later in 2014 donated $2,500 to Norment's
campaign fund, according to VPAP.

Of that bill, Norment said in his statement that it was not brought to him by
Bezik, and he noted that a parallel measure was introduced in the House.

Bezik's firm also disclosed a gift to Norment. In January 2012, the firm took a
party - including Norment and Senate Minority Leader Richard L. Saslaw
(D-Fairfax), two Virginia Beach officials and another lobbyist - to dinner at
Julep's restaurant in Richmond. Bezik later billed her client, Virginia Beach,
for the $660 dinner, according to an invoice.

Saslaw declined to comment on the relationship. "Legislators' personal lives are
nobody's business but theirs," he said.

Not everyone approaches such relationships that way.

Politico reported last week that when Rep. Bill Shuster (R-Pa.) started dating a
lobbyist last summer he "drafted a formal document stating she would not lobby
him or his staff," including staff of the House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee, of which he is chairman. In that case, the lobbyist
works for a U.S. airline trade association with an interest in matters that
would come before the committee.

Former state delegate Watkins M. Abbitt Jr. of Appomattox, in central Virginia,
met and married lobbyist Madeline Abbitt during his 26-year stint in the state
House.

"I was just very careful on what I voted on," he said. They sought a formal
attorney general opinion before getting married. "We walked a tightrope."

Both Abbitts said he generally abstained when her bills came up in committee,
where legislation faces wholesale changes or even defeat before the full chamber
has a chance to vote.

But, Abbitt said, it's impossible to avoid potential conflicts in a citizen
legislature.

"I know 'em both," Abbitt said of Norment and Bezik, "and it wasn't the first
time something like that's happened in Richmond. And I doubt it'll be the last."

jenna.portnoy@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                December 4, 2006

U.S. Department of Justice to revise policy on attorney-client privilege

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 267  words


The Justice Department is apparently planning to make it more difficult for
prosecutors to force companies to waive the attorney-client privilege in plea
negotiations in order to avoid being indicted.

The proposal - which is still in the works - would revise the Thompson Memo,
which sets forth the DOJ's policy on prosecuting companies for corporate fraud.
The DOJ is expected to announce the proposed changes in early December.

The 2003 memo explicitly directs prosecutors deciding whether to charge a
company with wrongdoing to consider "the corporation's timely and voluntary
disclosure of wrongdoing and its willingness to cooperate in the investigation
of its agents, including if necessary, the waiver of the corporate
attorney-client and work product protection. "

Over the past year, attacks on the memo have been mounted by the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce, the ABA, the ACLU and others, who have been pressuring the DOJ to
relax its policy.

One proposed change is expected to require prosecutors to get approval from the
attorney general or a top deputy before seeking a waiver of the attorney-client
privilege.

The proposal is also expected to prohibit prosecutors from penalizing companies
that refuse to report certain confidential conversations with their attorneys.

The Justice Department is also considering eliminating a controversial policy of
pressuring companies to stop paying the legal fees of top executives and other
employees as a condition of getting lenient treatment in some criminal
investigations. In June, a U.S. District Court in New York ruled that the
practice is unconstitutional.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 8, 2002 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

PARTIES JOUSTING OVER WRONGDOING BY U.S. BUSINESSES

BYLINE:  By RICHARD W. STEVENSON with ELISABETH BUMILLER

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1366 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 7


The two political parties opened a critical week of jousting today over how to
respond to corporate wrongdoing, with Democrats seeking to exploit what they see
as President Bush's vulnerability on the issue and business executives pressing
for action to restore confidence in the financial markets.

After being put on the defensive by questions about his role in a stock sale a
dozen years ago and criticism of his administration as having failed to act
aggressively enough against fraud and mismanagement, Mr. Bush will set out his
latest plan in a speech in New York on Tuesday.

Administration officials have kept details of the speech under wraps. But with
the political pressure mounting, Mr. Bush has been considering a variety of
options, including stepping up enforcement actions by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the Justice Department and making it easier to jail
executives for corporate fraud.

Doing so would bring Mr. Bush's position more in line with the Democrats as the
Senate turns its attention this week to legislation that would tighten oversight
of auditors. The bill has gained considerable bipartisan support in recent
weeks, and Democrats want to press their advantage by adding an amendment that
would make it easier for prosecutors to pursue corporate fraud cases.

They launched an attack today on Harvey L. Pitt, the chairman of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, who they say has been too close to the accounting
industry.

On the CBS program "Face the Nation," Senator Tom Daschle, Democrat of South
Dakota, the majority leader, called Mr. Pitt a "huge disappointment" and
suggested that the Democrats would explore whether he should remain in office.

Putting a spotlight on overstated corporate earnings, the House Financial
Services Committee will hold a hearing on Monday on WorldCom, with testimony
expected from the company's current and former chief executives.  Page C1.

A number of business leaders and politicians, including Senator John McCain,
Republican of Arizona, have scheduled speeches on corporate wrongdoing for
coming days.

The issue has increasingly come to preoccupy the White House. Not only has the
crisis in investor confidence had a bearing on the economy's ability to lift
itself from the doldrums, always a concern to any administration, but Mr. Bush
has come under intensified scrutiny for his response to the scandals as well as
for his own business ethics while a director of a Texas oil company in the late
1980's and early 90's.

Seeing an opportunity to cast Mr. Bush as a friend of the wealthy and to make it
harder for him to claim the high ground on corporate ethics and responsibility,
Democrats are again emphasizing the corporate backgrounds of top administration
officials and their links to companies like the Enron Corporation.

Senator Daschle amplified that attack today. He said that the Bush
administration, "from top to bottom," had been characterized by "too much of a
permissive atmosphere" when it came to business regulation.

"We've even seen that in relationships that some members of the administration
have had with their own corporate roles and the responsibilities they had in the
corporate sector."

Mr. Daschle said the "lack of real sensitivity to this concern for integrity is
something that I think we've got to be concerned about."

He urged Mr. Bush to release all records held by the S.E.C. of his sale of stock
in the Harken Energy Corporation in 1990, when his father, George Bush, was
president. The younger Mr. Bush was a director of Harken and sold stock before
the company announced a large loss that drove down its share price. The
commission investigated him at the time, and took no action against him.

Ari Fleischer, the White House spokesman, called Mr. Daschle's comments
"political posturing."

Speaking to reporters in Kennebunkport, Me., where the president was spending
the holiday weekend with his parents, Mr. Fleischer said that the Harken stock
sale was "an old tired issue that previous political opponents have tried to use
against the president."

He defended Mr. Pitt, saying that by the end of this year the Securities and
Exchange Commission will have banned "more corporate officers from serving on
corporate boards because of corporate malfeasance than the S.E.C. did in either
of the last two years."

However, business executives and investors remain concerned that a lack of
confidence in the honesty and completeness of corporate financial statements
could continue to undermine the markets and the economy.

In a sign of the shift in the political climate, the Business Roundtable, a
group of chief executives of the nation's largest public companies, said it
intended to press for passage of the Senate bill, which was written by Senator
Paul S. Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland.

The administration has been lukewarm toward the Sarbanes bill, although the
legislation now appears likely to attract considerable bipartisan support in the
Senate. The bill would tighten auditing standards and seek to reduce conflicts
of interest in the accounting industry and among Wall Street research analysts.

The White House has been signaling that it prefers many elements of a Republican
version that passed in the House, despite Democratic objections that it was too
timid a response to a crisis in investor confidence.

"We see this as being serious, very serious," said John Dillon, the chief
executive of International Paper Company and the head of the Business
Roundtable. "It's terribly important that we do things in the legislative and
regulatory arena that preclude these things from happening again."

Mr. Sarbanes said he supports the administration's emphasis on aggressively
prosecuting executives found to have misled investors. But he said the
administration's "few bad apples" approach was not enough, and that it was
necessary to address underlying weaknesses in the legal and regulatory
frameworks for monitoring companies, their boards and their auditors.

"The last two or three months has certainly lent support to the view that we
need to make systemic changes," Mr. Sarbanes said.

Democrats have a long list of possible amendments to the bill.

Mr. Daschle has already announced his support for an amendment that would create
a broader definition of corporate fraud, increase protections for corporate
whistle-blowers and revise limits on document shredding.

Other Democrats plan to offer amendments that would give the S.E.C. additional
power to bar corporate directors from serving on boards, revise workers' rights
on their pensions and limit the use of stock options as compensation.

Administration officials said that while the president would continue to take a
strong stance against executives found to have misled or defrauded investors, he
would continue to walk a line between advocating tougher laws and stifling
business with excessive oversight.

"The system has not failed us, but a few have failed the system," Commerce
Secretary Donald L. Evans said. "That's bad, and the president will address
that."

As for Mr. Bush's speech, Mr. Evans suggested that he would move beyond a
10-point plan he developed this winter after the collapse of Enron. That called
for steps like requiring chief executives to sign off on the financial
statements issued by their companies, requiring them to disclose their stock
sales more quickly and making it easier for the S.E.C. to bar directors involved
in misconduct.

"There have been more revelations in the last couple of months," Mr. Evans said.
"He has to respond to that."

The president spent part of the weekend polishing his speech, which aides said
would last around 20 minutes. White House officials have big expectations for
Mr. Bush's speech, which they hope will put him ahead of questions revisiting
the Harken stock sale.

They insist that he has not been rattled by the renewed questions over whether
he engaged in the same kind of corporate conduct that he is now criticizing.
Nonetheless, Mr. Bush appeared startled and then angered when he was first asked
by a reporter about the Harken stock sale last week, shortly before he delivered
a speech in Milwaukee on his domestic agenda.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              June 20, 2005 Monday
                                 First Edition

Blow in courts for Wall Street greed

BYLINE: Sean Aylmer with wires

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 555 words


The conviction of Tyco's ex-chiefs should strike fear in other corporate crooks,
writes Sean Aylmer in New York.

Regulators in the United States have had a huge victory in their fight to clean
up Wall Street after the former chief of Tyco International was found guilty of
corporate wrongdoing.

Dennis Kozlowski faces up to 25 years in prison after a jury found him, and
Tyco's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, guilty of fraud, conspiracy
and grand larceny charges.

Tyco, along with Enron, became a name synonymous with wrongdoing on Wall Street,
and the conviction adds to the growing list of high-profile white-collar
criminals successfully prosecuted by US regulators.

Martha Stewart from Martha Stewart Living and Bernard Ebbers, the former boss of
WorldCom, were both found guilty of wrongdoing. Adelphia Communications' John
Rigas faces sentencing on Monday (US time), while former Credit Suisse First
Boston banker Frank Quattrone was convicted of obstructing federal
investigations.

Enron's Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are expected to face a jury next year and
the Kozlowski decision provides a boon for prosecutors.

The decision follows a tough two weeks for prosecutors, in which the Supreme
Court overturned the conviction of accounting firm Arthur Andersen, and former
broker Theodore Sihpol was acquitted in a mutual fund trading case.

Kozlowski and Swartz were being tried a second time, after the judge called the
previous case a mistrial when one of the jurors appeared to make an OK signal to
the defence.

The case centred on whether the defendants had received board approval for a
series of multimillion-dollar "bonuses" between 1999 and 2001.

The defendants said a now-deceased director had verbally given the nod, but
prosecutors pointed out that not a single piece of paper backed up the tale. A
number of former Tyco directors took the stand to swear they hadn't approved the
payments.

The trial became a symbol of corporate greed, in part because of Kozlowski's
lavish spending of Tyco funds on a $US30 million ($38.57 million) apartment, a
yacht, expensive jewellery and a $US2 million birthday party in Sardinia for his
wife.

The two were found guilty of taking $US137 million in unauthorised compensation
and making $US410 million from sales of inflated shares. Each was convicted of
22 of 23 charges. Both are expected to appeal.

Prosecutors and regulators said the former energy giant created off-the-books
partnerships and used aggressive accounting methods to hide massive debt and
inflate the firm's bottom line.

"It's a stunning victory for the New York [District Attorney's] office," Ernest
Badway, a partner with Saiber, Schlesinger, Satz and Goldstein, said. "I think
it has to send shockwaves throughout the chief executive and senior officer
communities."

It could have a positive influence on prosecuting Enron's Mr Lay and Mr
Skilling, experts said.

"It builds the confidence level of prosecutors, and it increases the fear and
anxiety which is harboured by executives who have already been indicted and
those who are under investigation," said Christopher Bebel, a former federal
prosecutor, now in private practice in Houston.

He said any prosecution victory could "prod those who are on the sidelines to
co-operate and plead guilty, and thereby expedite countless other cases in the
future".

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Dennis Kozlowski, who threw a $US2 million party for his wife
Karen (right), could face up to 25 years in prison. Photo: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           August 23, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Investment bubble banker escapes prosecution: U.S. federal prosecutors will drop
charges against Frank Quattrone if he doesn't break the law for a year

BYLINE: David Glovin and Thom Weidlich, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Frank Quattrone, the top investment banker accused of wrongdoing
after the collapse of the technology bubble, won't face prosecution and can
return to work in the securities industry.

A judge in New York Tuesday approved an agreement under which federal
prosecutors will drop obstruction-of-justice charges against Quattrone if he
doesn't break the law for a year. Quattrone, 50, won't serve jail time or pay a
fine and didn't agree to any restrictions on his work. He admitted no wrongdoing
.

"This is really a hair's breadth from an outright dismissal of the case," Robert
Mintz, a former federal prosecutor now in private practice in New Jersey, said
in an interview.

The agreement is an embarrassment for prosecutors in New York, who saw their
2004 conviction against Quattrone overturned. Wall Street bankers have largely
escaped the prison terms handed to company executives in the U.S. government's
crackdown on corporate misdeeds after following the excesses of the Internet
boom and the collapse of Enron Corp.

For Quattrone, the decision ends almost six years of accusations that tarnished
his reputation as the overseer of more IPOs than any other banker during the
Internet boom of the 1990s.

"I'm very pleased the case will be concluded, and I look forward to formal
dismissal of all charges," Quattrone said, smiling broadly outside the courtroom
after a five-minute hearing before U.S. District Judge George Daniels. "I plan
to resume my business career." He declined to provide specifics.

Quattrone, who prosecutors said earned $38 million in 1999 and $120 million in
2000, is the son of a clothing factory pants presser. He was raised in a poor
neighbourhood of Philadelphia and attending a Jesuit high school in that city.

After graduating with an economics degree from the Wharton School at the
University of Pennsylvania, he earned a master's degree in business
administration at Stanford University.

Quattrone joined Morgan Stanley in 1979 and became head of technology investment
banking in 1990. He moved to Deutsche Bank AG in 1996 and in July 1998 to Credit
Suisse. Over the years, Quattrone's group handled IPOs for dozens of companies,
including Amazon.com Inc., Cisco and Adobe Systems Inc. After the boom,
technology stocks lost $6 trillion in market value from the peak to the low
point.

The banker was accused of hindering the government's investigation of Credit
Suisse, Switzerland's second-largest bank, by endorsing a subordinate's e-mail
advising employees to "clean up" their files. Prosecutors claimed the message
suggested the employees should destroy incriminating records.

A criminal conviction would have barred Quattrone from the securities industry
for years.

The case hinged on a single December 2000 e-mail message written by a Credit
Suisse colleague that prosecutors say the banker passed on after learning a
grand jury was investigating the bank.

In forwarding the message, Quattrone said his experience as a witness in a
securities fraud case led him to "strongly advise" Credit Suisse employees to
follow the bank's document-retention policy, which called for routine purging of
some records.

Credit Suisse agreed in January of 2002 to pay $100 million to settle charges of
"abusive IPO allocation practices" levelled by the National Association of
Securities Dealers and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. It was then the
second-highest such settlement in U.S. history. The bank said on the day of the
settlement that it had no evidence Quattrone had done anything wrong.

After learning more about the forwarding of his colleague's e-mail, the bank put
Quattrone on administrative leave. He quit in March 2002.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 10, 1993 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MIAMI LAWYER CLEARED OF WRONGDOING IN WILLETS CASE

BYLINE: By JOHN FERNANDEZ, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Flamboyant defense attorney Ellis Rubin on Wednesday was cleared of any

wrongdoing by the Dade State Attorney's Office in an alleged scheme to peddle a
tape of convicted prostitute Kathy Willets having sex with a former elected
official.

The allegation was raised 21 months ago by Steve Wilson, a reporter for

the television tabloid show, Inside Edition. Wilson told investigators he was
offered the tape by Rubin's office in return for $60,000. The tape showed

Willets having sex with former Fort Lauderdale City Commissioner Doug

Danziger.

Dade prosecutors then opened a criminal investigation to determine whether Rubin
broke the law by trying to sell the Danziger video. Prosecutors said

Wednesday there was no wrongdoing.

At a news conference Wednesday, Rubin accused Inside Edition and Miami's

Channel 7, the station which airs the tabloid show, of deliberately trying to
ruin his reputation. The lawyer, known for taking on unusual and high-profile
cases, said he would file a lawsuit against the station, seeking millions of

dollars in damages. He joked that he would end up owning Channel 7 in the end.
Wilson and a cohort "planned this entire episode in an effort to get

Ellis Rubin," Rubin alleged. Wilson and a representative of Channel 7 would

not comment.

Rubin represented Willets and her husband, Jeffrey, a former Broward

Sheriff's Office deputy, when the couple drew national notoriety after

operating a brothel out of their home.

Kathy Willets was released from jail Tuesday after serving under six

months of a 31/2-year sentence for violating her probation on prostitution

charges. Her husband was released last month. He had served a year for pimping
and nine months for parole violations.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions

GRAPHIC: PHOTO/MUG/RUBIN, ELLIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 24, 2010 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IF IT WAS WRONG, OWN UP TO IT

BYLINE: ROBERT TRIGAUX

SECTION: BUSINESS; ON BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 793 words


Ever wonder why so much fraud, self-dealing and ethical skulduggery keeps
happening in the business world?

Because we let it.

Because, too often, we rap the knuckles but do not insist on owning up to the
wrong.

We better get off this path fast.

Federal regulators this month fined Countrywide Mortgage founder Angelo Mozilo
for insider trading and misleading investors, but he did not have to admit he
did anything wrong.

The feds in July zinged Wall Street hotshot Goldman Sachs for $550 million for
pitching a mortgage security to public investors while secretly letting a giant
hedge fund bet against the investment. But Goldman Sachs did not admit to doing
anything wrong.

Last year, Bank of America agreed to pay $33 million for misleading investors
when it bought Merrill Lynch. Did BofA admit to any wrongdoing? Nope.

Even Tampa's own WellCare Health Plans, which provides managed-care services for
Medicare and Medicaid, agreed to pay $137 million to settle claims of a
whistle-blower who taped a thousand hours of WellCare conversations detailing
how to flimflam the government.

WellCare acknowledged it was overpaid, the company said, because of changes in
how the government made its payments. But it never had to admit or deny
wrongdoing in the other counts against it.

Too many people and corporations that did wrong - too often rich executives or
well-connected companies - are given a pass on taking responsibility. Sure, a
CEO or business may get fined, publicly criticized or even sued. But when caught
red-handed in some scheme that filled their company's (and their own) pockets at
a cost to shareholders or taxpayers, too often they pay their fines while - get
ready for one of the worst phrases ever invented - neither admitting nor denying
wrongdoing.

What does that mean, anyway? If you don't admit wrongdoing and if you don't deny
it, what's left?

Somehow, we've institutionalized the process of fining people for bad things
they do not admit they did.

This country would be far better off if more people and corporations that do
something wrong actually admit it. It's an astonishing message to society that
they don't - a message, I believe, that contributes mightily to the nation's
cynicism and distrust.

Maybe those surveys that show Americans have so little confidence in business
leaders (and politicians and lawyers and, yes, even some of the media) would
show improving numbers if those who did wrong admitted so and suffered real
consequences.

Take a look at Mozilo, founder and ex-CEO of the subprime mortgage machine
Countrywide Mortgage and who is on Time magazine's list of the "25 people to
blame for the financial crisis."

Charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading and
misleading investors, Mozilo on Oct. 15 agreed to pay a $67.5 million fine.
Sounds hefty. But of that sum, he will pay $22.5 million in civil penalties. The
remaining $45 million will be covered by Bank of America, which bought
Countrywide in 2008, and the bank's insurers.

Is that a big fine? Mozilo earned $250 million at Countrywide from 1998 to 2007,
and another $406 million from sales of the company's shares. So that's $656
million landing in his pocket in just the past 12 years, minus $22.5 million to
the SEC ... and no admission of doing anything wrong.

Suddenly that fine seems like pocket change.

Yes, Mozilo's banned for life from serving as an officer or director of any
public company - I see loopholes here he could drive a Mack truck through. But
the guy's 71 with big bucks to burn. He probably doesn't mind.

Not to pick on Mozilo. He's just the latest in a long, long series of wrongdoers
never needing to own up. The real harm is in the frequency and volume of these
events.

It's the same story with the past summer's fine imposed on Goldman Sachs. To
most of us, a $550 million penalty should stop anybody in their tracks, right?
Goldman Sachs posted $1.9 billion in profits in the third quarter alone. Since
the start of 2010, it has reported $5.4 billion.

So that hefty fine is really just about 10 percent of what the Wall Street firm
earned in nine months. Big whoop.

If the federal government believes fines charged against the superrich are a
deterrent, our elected leaders are in la-la land. Paying penalties has evolved
into one more cost of doing business. It is not a financial weapon to influence
corporate behavior.

Remember that 1988 feel-good book All I Really Need to Know I Learned in
Kindergarten? In addition to "don't hit people" and "flush," the book touched on
a few basic lessons many folks apparently still have not grasped.

1. Play fair.

2. Clean up your own mess.

3. Say you're sorry when you hurt somebody.

Maybe too many executives skipped that grade.

Robert Trigaux can be reached at trigaux@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Cendant Chief's 3rd Trial Starts in Securities Fraud Case

BYLINE: By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 367 words


The third fraud trial of Walter A. Forbes, the former chief executive of
Cendant, began yesterday with conflicting accounts of whether he manipulated
earnings at a predecessor company.

A prosecutor depicted Mr. Forbes, 63, as the leader of a scheme to inflate
income by $252 million at CUC International, which merged with HFS in 1997 to
form Cendant. A defense lawyer said Mr. Forbes knew nothing of the wrongdoing,
which grew into one of the largest accounting frauds of the 1990's.

''The defendant deliberately lied to shareholders, deliberately lied to the
investment community and deliberately lied to the government about income at
CUC,'' the prosecutor, Michael Martinez, told jurors in Bridgeport, Conn. ''We
will prove that the defendant lined his own pockets with tens of millions of
dollars.''

Unlike the earlier juries, this panel was permitted to hear that the value of
Cendant's shares dropped $14 billion on April 15, 1998, the day the company
disclosed accounting irregularities at CUC. Cendant never fully recovered,
breaking into four companies this year, with the Cendant unit changing its name
to the Avis Budget Group.

''There is no credible evidence that Walter Forbes had any knowledge of
wrongdoing,'' a defense lawyer, Brendan Sullivan, said in his opening statement.
''The wrongdoing was hidden from him as it was from hundreds of others.''

The case was transferred to Judge Alan H. Nevas of Federal District Court in
Bridgeport, who has set a brisker pace than the judge in the first two trials,
Alvin W. Thompson of Federal District Court in Hartford. Judge Thompson declared
mistrials after juries deliberated 33 and 27 days without reaching verdicts.

Mr. Forbes testified at both trials, blaming subordinates for the fraud. Jurors
at the first trial convicted his top aide, the former CUC president, E. Kirk
Shelton, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison and ordered to pay $3.2 billion
in restitution. He is free on bail while he appeals. Three other CUC executives
pleaded guilty and testified at the earlier Forbes trials.

Mr. Forbes is charged with conspiracy, securities fraud and two counts of making
false statements to the Securities and Exchange Commission.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 23, 1982, Tuesday, Final Edition

The Treadwell Story: From '60s Militant To Businesswoman

BYLINE: By Ron Shaffer and Lewis M. Simons, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A12

LENGTH: 1269 words


Mary Treadwell was once one of the leading voices on behalf of the downtrodden
in the city-- quoted in national news magazines, married to a city councilman
and personally acquainted with judges, congressmen and political and business
leaders in the community.

Seizing upon opportunities presented by a federal government bent on helping
disadvantaged blacks, she elevated herself from one of the militant voices of
the '60s to the leader of Youth Pride, Inc., the best-known minority job
training center in the city.

In the process Treadwell moved solidly into the black middle class. She became
involved in property management, real estate, and other ventures. She drove a
$20,000 car, lived at the Watergate, and vacationed at a $1,000-a-week resort
near Montego Bay.

Meanwhile at Clifton Terrace, a dilapidated low-income apartment project owned
and managed by one of Treadwell's companies, tenants complained to reporters
that they were without heat, electricity, water and sanitary living conditions,
and they couldn't understand where their rent money was going.

Tenants at the Kenesaw and Buena Vista apartment buildings, two other low-income
projects managed by the same Treadwell company, P.I Properties, had similar
complaints.

Then, gradually over the course of months in 1978 and 1979, former employes of
Treadwell--particularly former P.I. bookkeeper Zellene Laney--began providing
details of how Treadwell and two other P.I. officials, general manager Robert E.
Lee and Treadwell's sister, Joan M. Booth, had systematically stolen,
misappropriated or diverted to their own use funds that were intended for the
poor.

Through a 14-month investigation by The Washington Post, and a nearly 2 1/2-year
investigation by a federal grand jury, Treadwell has steadfastly maintained
innocence of any wrongdoing.

In long interviews with Post reporters, she acknowledged "some things I would
judge as mistakes," but "not theft."

Of the others indicted yesterday, Lee has denied any wrongdoing although he
claims Treadwell misappropriated funds, former P.I. official Charles Rinker has
denied being involved in or knowing of any wrongdoing, Williams has denied
wrongdoing and Booth has declined to be interviewed.

Treadwell, 40, was born Mary Janice Miller in Lexington, Ky., and was raised in
Columbus, Ohio, the daughter of a masonry contractor whose business success
provided his family with a comfortable existence. She attended Fisk University
in Nashville, Ohio State, the Franklin School of Business and Antioch School of
Law here. Her first marriage was to a young Naval officer, whose name she has
kept.

She met her second husband, Marion S. Barry, after arriving in Washington in the
1960s and joining the civil rights struggles. After four stormy years of
marriage and a divorce from Barry, she wed former Youth Pride financial officer
Ronald Williams in 1977. He has been living in New Jersey and Treadwell said in
a 1979 interview that they were not living together.

Treadwell and Barry, who is now mayor of the District, have said they led
separate financial lives while they were married. None of the allegations of
wrongdoing, or the charges of the grand jury, implicated Barry.

Since October 1979, when the U.S. Attorney's office began examining Treadwell's
businesses, she has maintained a low profile. She has appeared at an occasional
fund-raiser for her legal defense, and on television once to refute charges of a
former aide, but for the most part, with her businesses now defunct, she has
kept to herself and out of the public limelight.

This is in marked contrast to her life style at the height of her power. From
1967 until 1978, Treadwell ruled through a sharp wit, a sharp tongue and her
connections with government leaders, instilling fear in those who worked for her
and had to deal with her. She appeared at parties of the influential and held
forth each year at "Pride Day" parties, which received local news media
coverage.

Treadwell sometimes conducted staff meetings that lasted through the night,
holding forth for hours while others neared exhaustion. She was quick to fire,
and workers aware of her political connections said they feared retaliation from
her even years after they had left her employment.

Government officials who dealt with Treadwell were equally intimidated by this
forceful woman, according to scores of officials interviewed by The Post.

Said James E. Clay, a former Department of Housing and Urban Development
official who is black: "Mary was able to Mau-Mau her way through my
predecessors, especially the whites, by coming on strong as a black militant."
Others said Treadwell so unnerved officials that they were willing to give her
almost anything she wanted to get her to leave a meeting.

Eventually, however, more and more of those who came in contact with her were
willing to speak out.

The federal government, which pumped more than $20 million in job training funds
into Youth Pride, Inc., stopped the funding after The Washington Post ran a
series on Treadwell and P.I. Properties in October 1979.

Youth Pride went out of business last summer. It was preceded in failure by all
the other organizations Treadwell had helped found and headed through the 1970s,
including P.I. Properties, Youth Pride Economic Enterprises, Pride Environmental
Services, Inc., T. Barry and Associates, Inc., and Sticks and Stones Inc.

Lee, 37, came east from California and worked in low-income housing for real
estate manager (now City Council member) H.R. Crawford. He joined Treadwell's
P.I. Properties as general manager after Treadwell was impressed with his
confident manner and ability to grasp HUD regulations.

Lee and Treadwell had a fallout over a real estate venture, Sticks and Stones,
Inc., and subsequently each accused the other of stealing from P.I. Properties.

In an interview with The Post in 1979, Lee acknowledged stealing one of
Treadwell's tax returns from the Youth Pride office at 1536 U St. NW and claimed
she vastly understated her income when she reported $40,000 a year. "She made
more than that from P.I. alone," Lee said. "I could send her to jail."

Treadwell told The Post in 1979 that she had reviewed the P.I. books and found
that Lee had stolen "something under $15,000" from the company.

In interviews with The Post Treadwell would not disclose her net worth or her
annual salary. Lee, while officially paid less than $30,000 a year when he was
with P.I., declared in a personal financial statement in August 1979, the year
after he left Treadwell, that his net worth was $243,700, with interests in
eight properties and 187.5 ounces of gold.

Booth, 27, the younger of the sisters, idolized Treadwell and carried out her
instructions, sometimes helping herself to tenants' rents for clothes and home
improvements, according to those interviewed in The Post's investigation.

Rinker, 41, a former theological student, was an officer of P.I. and other
Treadwell organizations, before leaving to work for the federal government at
ACTION. He conducted an unsuccessful campaign for a seat on the Arlington County
Board in 1979.

Williams, 38, was a member of the Plainfield, N.J., accounting firm of Williams,
Williams and Ellois when Treadwell called upon him to conduct an examination of
P.I. Properties books in late 1976. She told HUD officials that he would be
doing an audit, but according to HUD officials Williams never submitted any
papers backing up what he had done. Lee alleged that Williams had removed P.I.
Properties records. In an interview, Williams said, "That's a bit absurd."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, MARY TREADWELL . . . target of 2 1/2-year investigation.

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 11, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. INVESTIGATION DRAWS ATTENTION TO FEDERAL JUDGE IN MISSISSIPPI

BYLINE: By WILLIAM E. SCHMIDT, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 30, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1344 words


HATTIESBURG, Miss. Aug. 7 - For the past 12 months scores of witnesses have
paraded through the second floor of the United States Courthouse here, where a
special Federal grand jury has been investigating allegations of public
corruption in southern Mississippi.

To date, a prominent Hattiesburg businessman and the former District Attorney of
Forrest County have pleaded guilty to various charges growing out of the grand
jury. Of three other men charged in a related drug case, one pleaded guilty, a
second was convicted and the third is a fugitive.

The grand jury is the latest in a series of Federal investigations into
allegations of official corruption and what some call the excesses of ''good ol'
boy'' politics in Mississippi. Since 1979, Federal prosecutors in Mississippi
have scored more than three dozen convictions in corruption cases specifically
involving a variety of public officials and agencies.

But the grand jury in Hattiesburg has drawn special attention across the state
because the investigation has involved Federal District Judge Walter L. Nixon,
Jr., a member of a prominent political family along the state's Gulf Coast.
Appointed to the Federal bench in 1968 by President Johnson, Judge Nixon, 56
years old, now presides as the chief judge for the district court that covers
the southern half of Mississippi.

Judge Not Accused of Wrongdoing

In two key indictments returned by the grand jury, which was convened at the
request of prosecutors from the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section,
the Washington-based unit assigned to prosecute wrongdoing by public officials,
Judge Nixon's name has figured prominently.

Even so, Judge Nixon has not been indicted, nor has he been accused of any
wrongdoing by the grand jury, which has ranged over matters as diverse as a
failed scheme to smuggle 2,200 pounds of marijuana into Hattiesburg to the sale
of an entire island off the Mississippi coast. Judge Nixon testified before the
grand jury early last summer.

A receptionist in Judge Nixon's office in Biloxi this week referred all
inquiries about the investigation to Walter F. Goodman Jr., a lawyer in Jackson,
who said, ''I am not in a position to discuss Judge Nixon's affairs with you.''

Judge Nixon's name was directly linked to the investigation last summer when the
grand jury indicted Wiley Fairchild, a building contractor in Hattiesburg. The
indictment charged that Mr. Fairchild sought to influence Judge Nixon by giving
him oil and gas leases. After negotiations with prosecutors, Mr. Fairchild, 52,
pleaded guilty to giving an illegal gift to a Federal judge.

In a hearing in the case, Reid H. Weingarten, the Justice Department attorney
handling the case, said Mr. Fairchild's intent was ''to affect in the future
Judge Nixon's official action if his son's case came before him and other
matters.''

'Normal Business Transaction'

Judge Nixon was never involved in any Federal proceedings involving Mr.
Fairchild's son, Drew, who was later charged by this grand jury with conspiracy
to smuggle marijuana. The judge flatly denied any wrongdoing in a public
statement issued last summer, and argued that he had purchased the leases ''as a
normal and straightforward business transaction.'' Later, the Justice Department
issued a public ''announcement'' specifically stating that Judge Nixon was not a
defendant in the Fairchild case, nor was he accused of wrongdoing.

Then, in June, Judge Nixon's name came up in an indictment of Paul H. (Bud)
Holmes, a close friend of Judge Nixon's who, as the District Attorney of Forrest
County from 1980 to 1984, was directly involved in a state narcotics case
against Drew Fairchild.

Among other things, the indictment described a telephone call in late 1982 in
which Federal prosecutors allege that both Judge Nixon and Mr. Holmes sought to
reassure Mr. Fairchild, in the words of the indictment, ''that his son's drug
case would be resolved to Wiley Fairchild's satisfaction.''

In describing the events in a rare public court hearing in June, Mr. Weingarten
said Mr. Fairchild got in touch with Judge Nixon ''because he felt Nixon owed
him a favor.'' As a result, Mr. Weingarten said, Judge Nixon visited Mr.
Fairchild in his office, and then telephoned him later that day from Mr.
Holmes's farm, saying, ''Everything is going to be all right.''

Accused of Lying to Grand Jury

Mr. Weingartern went on to say that the Judge then handed the telephone to Mr.
Holmes, who told Mr. Fairchild: ''When this man asks me to do something, I do
it. I don't ask questions.''

In two other counts of the indictment, Mr. Holmes, whose various activities have
ranged from partial ownership of a Nevada casino to acting as an agent in behalf
of the professional football star Walter Payton, was accused of lying to the
grand jury about allegations of attempts to improperly influence other cases
pending before Judge Nixon.

In one of those, the indictment says, Mr. Holmes lied to the grand jury when he
denied that he told Bill Burgin, a state senator facing a criminal trial before
Judge Nixon, that he could ''fix'' the case ''by giving Judge Nixon gambling
money.''

Both Mr. Holmes and his attorney, James K. Dukes, declined to comment on the
matters this week.

The Holmes indictment was not accompanied by any interpretation by Federal
prosecutors of the activities attributed to Judge Nixon.

Mr. Holmes, who had been charged with four counts of perjury and one of
obstruction of justice, pleaded guilty to a lesser charge, misbehavior in the
presence of the grand jury, as part of a plea bargain agreement in which Federal
prosecutors apparently agreed to drop the five-count felony indictment.

He is scheduled for sentencing next month.

Indictments on Drug Charges

In addition to Mr. Fairchild and Mr. Holmes, the special grand jury indicted
Drew Fairchild and two other men on drug conspiracy charges growing out of the
original incident in August 1980, when narcotics agents seized an airplane
containing 2,200 pounds of marijuana at Hattiesburg airport.

Mr. Fairchild, who pleaded guilty, is currently serving a six-month sentence in
Federal prison.

Since the proceedings within a grand jury are secret, and a Federal judge has
forbidden Federal prosecutors and others from discussing the investigation, the
precise scope of the grand jury investigation is not known.

Of the dozens of witnesses who have been subpoenaed to testify in the grand
jury's ten sessions, most have been parties to these or other Federal court
cases in which Judge Nixon presided.

The grand jury has called witnesses who were involved in a 1981 civil trial in
which the Federal Government sought to condemn a 717-acre barrier island off the
Mississippi coast. In early 1982, Judge Nixon ordered the Government to pay a
Florida developer approximately $9 million in damages plus interest for the
island. The developer had bought the property two years before for $100 in cash
and a $1.7 million note.

Investigating Collapse of Bank

In addition to four prosecutors attached to the investigation in Hattiesburg,
lawyers from the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section have been
involved in recent weeks in at least two other episodes in Mississippi,
including a grand jury investigation into the collapse last year of a major
Mississippi bank.

Mr. Weingarten prosecuted the Government's case against Federal District Judge
Alcee Hastings of Miami, who was the first sitting Federal judge ever to be
criminally indicted. He was acquitted in 1983 of allegations of soliciting a
bribe and obstruction of justice.

James Tucker, the chief of the crminal division under United States Attorney
George Phillips of Jackson, said that since 1979 his office has successfully
prosecuted more than 40 cases against various state, Federal and local officials
in Mississippi on charges ranging from bribery and kickbacks to embezzlement of
public funds. Among them are three state senators, five county supervisors and
the former heads of four state agencies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Federal District Judge Walter L. Nixon Jr. (Hattiesburg
American)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Ex-medical examiner gets lawsuit restored

BYLINE: ROBERT BOCZKIEWICZ, Special Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE NORTH; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: DENVER


DENVER - Dr. Collie Trant is getting another chance to try to prove that he was
wrongfully fired as Oklahoma's chief medical examiner.

The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday reinstated part of his
lawsuit against state officials for firing him in February 2010 after nine
months on the job, without public explanation.

The court said Trant is entitled to pursue his claim that the State Board of
Medicolegal Investigations violated his right to free speech. The board fired
him soon after he said he was going to report wrongdoing by some subordinates.

The Denver-based appellate judges concluded U.S. District Judge Robin Cauthron
in Oklahoma City was wrong to throw out that part of Trant's lawsuit.

Trant had told the board he would go to authorities with evidence of wrongdoing
by some staff of the examiner's office. The alleged wrongdoing was in connection
with a grand jury investigation of an employee Trant thought had been falsely
accused by other staff of sexual harassment.

One of the defendants Trant is suing was the office's chief administrative
officer, Tom Jordan.

Wednesday's 25-page decision stated Jordan was quoted in news reports the day
after Trant was fired as saying he thought Trant was not competent to run the
office and might not be mentally stable.

Calls to Trant's attorney for comment were not returned.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Senators - including Blumenthal - call for Justice probe of VA

BYLINE: Johanna Somers, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


June 09--Twenty-one U.S. Senators signed and sent a letter to U.S. Attorney
General Eric Holder calling for the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate
immediately "evidence of criminal wrongdoing" at the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs medical facilities.

"Evidence of secret waiting times, falsification of records, destruction of
documents, and other potential criminal wrongdoing has appalled and angered the
nation, and imperiled trust and confidence in the Veterans Health
Administration," the senators wrote. "While we commend and appreciate the
(inspector general's) pursuit of his inquiry, an effective and prompt criminal
investigation must inevitably involve the resources of the Department of
Justice, including the FBI."

The VA inspector general is conducting a criminal investigation and is working
with the DOJ, but senators Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., and John McCain,
R-Ariz., called on the DOJ to take a leadership role in the investigation. They
also said that a report from the inspector general expected to be completed in
August was not soon enough.

"The spreading and growing scale of apparent criminal wrongdoing is fast
outpacing the criminal investigative resources of the (inspector general), and
the revelations in the interim report only highlight the urgency of involvement
by the Department of Justice," the senators said. "There is a need for prompt
results from the (inspector general) -- not by August, as the (inspector
general) has publicly said, but within the next few weeks."

The Veterans Health Administration has conducted its own audit and has released
a summary of the results. It found staff members were instructed to manipulate
veteran's desired appointment times and that staff members were created "secret"
wait lists, which delayed veterans from seeing a health care professional. On
Thursday, acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs Sloan Gibson said 18 veterans
died while waiting for care from the Phoenix VA Health Care System, which has
become the center of the wait-time scandal.

j.somers@theday.com

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140609-NL-Senators-including-Blumenthal-call-for-Justice-probe-of-VA-0609-2014
0609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Former Directors Agree To Settle Class Actions;
Enron, WorldCom Officials to Pay Out of Pocket

BYLINE: Ben White, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 1241 words


A group of former Enron Corp. directors has agreed to a $168 million settlement
of their portion of a class-action securities lawsuit. Insurance will pick up
most of the cost, but under the terms of the deal, the former Enron directors
will personally pay $13 million.

The announcement of the deal, made by the University of California, lead
plaintiff in the Enron class-action case, came on the same day that the lead
plaintiff in the WorldCom class-action suit formally announced a $54 million
settlement covering 10 former WorldCom directors. WorldCom directors will pay
$18 million from their own pockets.

The twin settlements highlight a new phase in the backlash against corporate
wrongdoing in which board members are being pushed to bear much higher personal
costs for failures in supervision. Liability for official actions is generally
covered by insurance: It was nearly unheard of for directors to pay personally,
particularly in the amounts announced this week.

The Enron directors covered by the settlement admit no wrongdoing. Plaintiffs in
the case have accused directors of selling Enron shares after the company began
to give false financial information to the public. The agreement to pay back
some trading profits came even though a federal judge in Houston in 2003
dismissed insider trading and fraud charges leveled at the former directors.

The Enron directors' settlement was the fourth reached in a massive class-action
case in which shareholders seek to recover losses they suffered in the collapse
of the Houston-based energy trader. Investment banking firm Lehman Brothers
agreed to a $222.5 million settlement in October, Bank of America to a $69
million settlement in July, and the international unit of now-defunct accountant
Arthur Andersen agreed to a $40 million settlement in July 2002.

Claims remain against a number of major banks that handled Enron transactions,
against Arthur Andersen and against a number of former Enron officers.

"The settlement is very significant in holding these outside directors at least
partially responsible," said William Lerach, lead attorney for the shareholders.
"Hopefully, this will help send a message to corporate boardrooms of the
importance of directors performing their legal duties.''

Among former directors contributing personal funds were Wendy Gramm, former
chairwoman of the Commodities Future Trading Commission and wife of former
senator Phil Gramm, and Robert Jaedicke, former dean of the Stanford Business
School. In total, 18 former Enron directors joined the settlement but only 10
contributed personal funds.

The WorldCom deal, announced by New York State Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi,
resolves claims against the 10 directors in a larger shareholder class-action
suit scheduled to go to court next month. Under the terms of the agreement, the
group will personally pay a total of $18 million, an amount equal to slightly
more than 20 percent of the directors' combined net worth, not including primary
residences and retirement accounts. Insurance companies will pay the other $36
million.

It could not be determined yesterday how the payments will be divided among the
10, although Hevesi said one of the group has filed for bankruptcy and will not
pay. He declined to identify who.

Each director is required to pay at least the amount he or she received in
compensation from WorldCom during the period covered by the lawsuit. Hevesi said
another party would cover the bankrupt director's compensation repayment.

In announcing the agreement, Hevesi rejected arguments that forcing directors to
pay out of their own pockets would deter people from serving on boards in the
future. Generally, companies or insurers cover any litigation costs directors
incur as a result of their official duties.

Hevesi said instead that the ruling would help directors perform better in the
future.

"The job of directors is to be a fiduciary on behalf of shareholders, to demand
documents, to ask tough questions of management," he said. "We believe this
settlement will empower directors to do this."

Asked if the settlement could have a chilling effect on would-be board members,
Hevesi said, "I believe it will have a chilling effect on any prospective board
member whose motivation is not to do their job, who sees serving on a board as a
social club."

Hevesi, who is sole trustee of New York's $120 billion public pension fund, is
the court-appointed lead plaintiff in the WorldCom shareholder class-action
suit.

The 10 former directors who settled were James C. Allen, Judith C. Areen, Carl
J. Aycock, Max E. Bobbitt Jr., Clifford L. Alexander Jr., Stiles A. Kellett Jr.,
Gordon S. Macklin, John A. Porter, Lawrence C. Tucker and the estate of John W.
Sidgmore.

Two other former WorldCom outside directors, Bert C. Roberts Jr. and Francesco
Galesi, did not join the settlement. Attorneys for Roberts and Galesi declined
to comment.

All of the former directors who agreed to settle either declined to comment or
did not return calls. Attorneys for the directors also declined to comment
publicly. Peter Lucht, a spokesman for WorldCom, now called MCI Inc., also
declined to discuss the settlement.

The agreement was formally submitted Friday to U.S. District Judge Denise L.
Cote, who is overseeing the WorldCom class-action suit. But approval of the
settlement is not expected to come for several months.

Remaining defendants in the case include 16 investment banks that helped
WorldCom issue stocks and bonds and Arthur Andersen, the now-defunct accounting
firm that signed off on WorldCom's books. In May 2004, Citigroup Inc. agreed to
pay $2.6 billion to settle its part of the case. Citigroup's investment banking
arm was among the biggest underwriters of WorldCom securities.

Hevesi said on Friday that court-ordered settlement talks with all remaining
defendants in the case were ongoing. But he also said he is prepared to litigate
the case, which is scheduled to begin Feb. 28.

Several former WorldCom officials have already pleaded guilty to fraud charges,
including former chief financial officer Scott D. Sullivan. Former WorldCom
chairman and chief executive Bernard J. Ebbers is scheduled to go on trial on
charges of securities fraud this month.

Hevesi said on Friday that he insisted that the former WorldCom directors pay a
significant portion themselves in order to send a message to other directors.

"I felt personally that this would be unfair and not a deterrent for future
failure on the part of the directors if they were not held personally liable,"
he said.

Hevesi said he did not know how much each individual director would pay. One
person familiar with the case, who asked not to be identified by name because
all parties had agreed not to discuss the matter publicly, said some of the
directors thought they could have won at trial but did not want to risk what
could have been liability well in excess of the amount of the settlement.

The directors' position was complicated when the judge overseeing the case ruled
last month that a prospectus issued before a massive WorldCom bond offering in
2001 included false and misleading statements.

Under federal securities law, that ruling meant the burden of proof in the case
would have fallen on the directors to demonstrate that they conducted a thorough
review and could not possibly have known the prospectus was misleading.

Staff researcher Meg Smith contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Planned Parenthood absolved

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 495 words


'WE MUST go where the evidence leads us." So explained a Texas district attorney
about why an investigation into alleged misconduct by Planned Parenthood ended
instead with charges against Planned Parenthood's accusers. By adhering to the
facts, prosecutors and grand jurors set a model of behavior that puts them at
odds with the politicians - in Congress, in statehouses and on the Republican
presidential campaign trail - who have tried to advance their agendas by falsely
demonizing an organization that provides critical health care to women. In their
evidence-free crusade, they have put vital health services at risk and wasted
millions of taxpayer dollars.

A Houston grand jury on Monday returned indictments against two antiabortion
activists involved in producing the explosive "sting" videos that purported to
show Planned Parenthood personnel selling aborted fetal organs for profit. That
the damaging but long-discredited videos showed nothing of the kind was
underscored by Harris County District Attorney Devon Anderson's statement that
the grand jury had cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing. Instead, the
head of the Center for Medical Progress and another employee were charged with
felony counts of tampering with a government record, presenting fake driver's
licenses with intent to harm or defraud. Center head David R. Daleiden was also
charged with a misdemeanor count related to offering to buy human tissue.

The judicial process will determine the validity of the charges against these
two people. What we already know is that the investigation was, in Ms.
Anderson's words, "lengthy and thorough"; that it was conducted by a respected
Republican prosecutor; and that it was launched at the behest of Lt. Gov. Dan
Patrick (R), a fierce opponent of abortion and of Planned Parenthood. In
clearing Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing, Harris County officials joined
officials in 12 states (including Kansas, Florida, Ohio and Georgia) who
concluded investigations into claims Planned Parenthood illegally profited from
fetal tissue donation by absolving it of misconduct. An additional eight states
declined even to investigate, citing a lack of any evidence of wrongdoing. The
fact is Planned Parenthood does not sell fetal tissue for profit and never has.

Unfortunately, none of that has kept congressional Republicans from seeking to
defund Planned Parenthood, nor hostile state governments from trying to block
access to care at Planned Parenthood clinics. And don't hold your breath waiting
for an apology  from Carly Fiorina or other Republican presidential candidates
who have demagogued the issue. Even in the face of this finding of no wrongdoing
by a group of citizens relying on evidence, logic and common sense, Texas Gov.
Greg Abbott (R) insisted the state would continue its own investigation of
Planned Parenthood. After all, how important are the facts when there is
self-interest to be served and a political point to be made?

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 18, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Regulators shifting to harsher penalties

BYLINE: Elliot Blair Smith

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 447 words

State and federal regulators are pushing for tougher civil settlements with
white-collar wrongdoers, risking more protracted court fights.

New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reflected the harder line last week when
he announced bid-rigging charges against insurance broker Marsh & McLennan.
Spitzer made it clear that unless heads roll there, he will try the case, not
settle: "Very simply, very directly, the leadership of that company is not
leadership I will talk to, not leadership I will negotiate with."


That reflects growing sentiment by regulators that they have been letting
white-collar wrongdoers off lightly in civil enforcement actions. Some
regulators are trying to exact broad reforms in the insurance, mutual fund and
investment banking industries.

Defense lawyers abhor the "all or nothing" approach, saying it renders complex
legal issues in black-and-white terms. It also could strain prosecutors'
resources, clog the courts and subject company executives to harsher penalties.

In most state and federal jurisdictions, a defendant who settles regulators'
civil charges offers to take corrective action under language by which he
"neither admits nor denies" wrongdoing.

However, Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth William Galvin, who teamed
with Spitzer to investigate mutual fund trading abuses last year, says he no
longer will settle major investigations without admissions of wrongdoing.

Galvin, who required admissions of wrongdoing in recent settlements with
Franklin Templeton and Putnam Investment Management, says, "When you have clear
evidence of violations, and you don't require an admission, you're aiding and
abetting the violation (to) occur again. You're participating in a coverup of
that."

Alabama Securities Commissioner Joe Borg adds that if investigators in his state
uncover serious wrongdoing, they impanel a grand jury rather than initiate
settlement talks. If criminal charges are brought, Borg says, "They're going to
plea, or we're going to try the case."

Most states and the Securities and Exchange Commission allow civil defendants to
"neither admit nor deny" allegations to facilitate settlements and to avoid
setting a precedent for shareholder lawsuits or criminal charges. But the SEC
tightened its interpretation of the language last year to ensure it could use
its findings in follow-up actions.

Former SEC enforcement attorney Derek Meisner, now a defense lawyer in Boston,
says the harder line is likely to polarize prosecutors and defendants, making
settlements more difficult.

Florida deputy chief securities regulator Rick White agrees: "There's got to be
compromise."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 13, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

WORLD IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A24; WORLD IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 1018 words


ASIA

Taliban Fighters Capture Key Afghan Town

KABUL, Afghanistan -- Taliban fighters captured a key border town yesterday,
cutting off their opponents' only supply route and moving closer to their goal
of uniting Afghanistan under their rigid rule. Hayratan, 250 miles north of
Kabul, was the anti-Taliban northern alliance's only safe passage to Central
Asia, the source of its weapons and supplies.

Burhanuddin Rabbani, a prominent opposition leader still seen by the United
Nations as the legitimate president of Afghanistan, said his forces would
continue to fight. "The struggle will continue and the resistance of the Afghan
people will not come to an end," Rabbani said in an interview broadcast on
Tehran radio.

Over the past four years, the Taliban have captured most of the country,
including Kabul. Under their strict interpretation of Islam, girls are barred
from school, most women are confined to their homes, and music, movies and
television are banned.

Suharto Son-in-Law Admits Wrongdoing

JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Lt. Gen. Prabowo Subianto, the son-in-law of former
president Suharto, has admitted wrongdoing in the kidnapping of political
activists earlier this year. And a military court found two police officers
guilty of exceeding orders in connection with the shooting deaths of four
anti-government student protesters in May.

Subianto has been questioned this week by a military Honor Council in connection
with the disappearance of about 20 political activists before the presidential
election in March. Twelve of the activists are still missing.

Pakistani Court Indicts Benazir Bhutto

ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A Pakistani court indicted opposition leader Benazir
Bhutto for alleged wrongdoing in awarding a contract to a Dubai-based company
for the import of gold and silver when she was prime minister. But Bhutto, who
denies any wrongdoing, refused to receive the charge-sheet from a two-judge
panel of the Lahore province High Court without consulting her senior lawyer,
who she said could not attend because of illness.

It was Bhutto's first indictment on a series of charges, or "references,"
brought against her by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government for alleged
wrongdoing during her three-year rule which ended in November 1996.

American Balloonist Sails Over Indian Ocean

American adventurer Steve Fossett sailed high over the Indian Ocean, one-third
of the way to his goal of becoming the first person to fly a balloon nonstop
around the world. However, he had to drop his combination hot air and helium
balloon to a lower altitude to avoid calm weather that could end his flight.

The Chicago millionaire and his Solo Spirit balloon were 820 miles southeast of
Madagascar, flying east over the Indian Ocean at 74 mph, according to his
control center at Washington University in St. Louis. He has traveled 7,800
miles from his starting point in Argentina.

EUROPE

Dutch Launch Probe Into Srebrenica Killings

AMSTERDAM -- The Netherlands began probing into whether there had been a
cover-up of one of the most notorious incidents of the Bosnian war, when Serbian
gunmen overran the U.N. "safe haven" town of Srebrenica in 1995. Prosecutors at
the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia allege that,
despite the presence of Dutch peacekeepers, the Serbs rounded up Bosnian Muslim
men and killed them.

On Tuesday, the Netherlands' new defense minister, Frank de Grave, ordered an
independent investigation into allegations of a high-level cover-up of what
really happened. Estimates of the number missing and presumed dead range from
3,500 to 8,000.

Russian Coal Miners End Rail Blockade

MOSCOW -- Russian coal miners lifted a three-week-old blockade of the
Trans-Siberian Railway near the Urals city of Chelyabinsk after being promised
the unpaid wages they were demanding, the Railway Communications Ministry said.
A spokesman for the regional government said the miners would receive a large
part of their back pay within the next few days, and that "the conflict is
solved for the moment." Several earlier deals have fallen through.

AFRICA

Panel Says Abiola Died of Natural Causes

TORONTO -- Jailed Nigerian opposition leader Moshood Abiola died of natural
causes, according to international experts who released their final autopsy
findings. James Young, Ontario's chief coroner and a leader of the team of
experts, said Abiola, 60, suffered from a narrowing of the arteries and had an
enlarged heart. The autopsy, performed by doctors from Britain, Canada and the
United States, found no traces of poisons or toxins.

Abiola, Nigeria's most prominent political prisoner, died July 7 while meeting
U.S. officials. His death came as speculation mounted that he was about to be
released after four years of imprisonment.

THE MIDDLE EAST

Saudi King Undergoes Gall Bladder Surgery

RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- Saudi Arabia's King Fahd underwent surgery to remove his
gall bladder. The operation was conducted here in the capital and the surgery
was successful, the official Saudi Press Agency quoted a royal court statement
as saying.

It said a medical team headed by an American specialist, Ted Pappas of Duke
University, operated on Fahd, who is in his mid-70s.

Tehran's Ex-Mayor Appeals Conviction

TEHRAN -- The former mayor of Tehran, who was sentenced to five years in jail
last month for corruption, has filed an appeal, the official Islamic Republic
News Agency reported. The appeal was submitted Tuesday by Bahman Keshavarz,
lawyer of the deposed mayor, Gholamhossein Karbaschi, the agency reported.

Karbaschi, a key ally of moderate President Mohammed Khatemi, has been a target
of the president's hard-line political rivals, and many Iranians say the trial
was a settling of political scores.

FOR THE RECORD

SEOUL -- Torrential rains flooded streams and triggered landslides in central
South Korea, killing at least eight people.

QUOTE OF THE DAY

"Something here told me that truck was unusual."

Benson Okuku Bwaku, a Kenyan guard at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi -- Page A1

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              March 11, 1998, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Inquiry into DEP finds no crime

BYLINE: JULIE HAUSERMAN

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



A high-profile investigation of Florida's Department of Environmental
Protection clears the agency of any criminal wrongdoing. But the Florida
Department of Law Enforcement report does say that state regulators failed to
take tough action against serious pollution in the Panhandle.

For five months, FDLE investigators have been looking into allegations that  the
DEP cuts deals with polluters. They found no criminal wrongdoing but  plenty of
evidence of lax enforcement in DEP's Northwest District, which has  offices in
Pensacola.

The report was trumpeted as a success by embattled DEP Secretary Virginia
Wetherell and called a whitewash by DEP's critics.

"In our inquiry, we found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing, and I  emphasize
that word "criminal,' " FDLE Commissioner Tim Moore said. "This  was not a
management review. There is a huge chasm between an interpretation  of how well
a policy is implemented and a crime.

"The discussion of how well the state is enforcing environmental laws -  that
debate will go on in a different venue."

FDLE investigators interviewed 48 people and sifted through mounds of  documents
looking for criminal wrongdoing in pollution cases.

The report shows that the DEP's Northwest District office, headed by  director
Bobby Cooley, has let chronic environmental violations endure for  years. In
some cases, management overruled workers who urged stronger  enforcement of
state environmental laws. Other enforcement cases were settled  after powerful
people intervened.

Among the cases cited in the FDLE report:

An ailing sewer plant in the town of Gulf Breeze has been leaking treated  waste
water into Santa Rosa Sound, backing sewer water onto a golf course and
discharging into stormwater drains for years.

Despite warnings from its own field inspectors, the DEP didn't fine the  plant
and continued to allow new hookups while the pollution continued. New
connections were halted recently.

A polluting incinerator at the Pensacola Naval Air Station was shut down  after
operating for two weeks. The incinerator was supposed to "cook"  contaminated
soil at the base but never worked properly and was opened without  proper
permits. Anderson Columbia, the company that operated the incinerator,  ended up
hauling the contaminated soil to Lake City.

The DEP proposed a $ 41,960 fine for Anderson Columbia but after state
legislators and a top DEP manager intervened on behalf of the company, the DEP
lowered the fine to $ 7,500.

An asphalt plant run by Anderson Columbia in the town of Bagdad has been
polluting the Blackwater River, but the DEP has done little to stop the  damage.

The DEP may have violated state public records laws by restricting access  to
some files in the Pensacola office.

The inquiry started after a national environmental group called Public
Employees for Environmental Responsibility came to Florida and polled DEP
workers. Many workers said the DEP is beholden to polluters and discourages
employees from strongly enforcing state environmental laws.

In 1995, state records showed that arrests for environmental crimes had  dropped
by more than two-thirds in three years. In 1996, DEP revenues from  civil cases
also plunged, and the department laid off several enforcement  attorneys.

Faced with public criticism and a lack of confidence among many of her
employees, DEP Secretary Wetherell asked FDLE to find out whether criminal
violations had occurred.

Her spokeswoman, Catherine Arnold, said Tuesday that Wetherell was  "extremely
pleased with the report's findings."

"The secretary is pleased that this issue can now be laid to rest,"  Arnold
said.

But Richard Windsor, a former DEP attorney who now runs Florida's Public
Employees for Environmental Responsibility office, said the investigation was
intended to "take out" the DEP's critics.

Windsor compared the investigation to the movie Wag the Dog, in which a
president's staff orchestrates a phony war to divert attention from
philandering at the White House.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Tim Moore (ran TAMPA & STATE)

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                       December, 2004 ,Northeast Edition

Project: Corporate Counsel - Law Firms;
Responding To SOX: A Class Action Litigator's Perspective

BYLINE: THE EDITOR INTERVIEWS JEFFREY J. GREENBAUM, MEMBER SILLS CUMMIS EPSTEIN
& GROSS P.C., CHAIR, CLASS ACTION PRACTICE GROUP.

SECTION: PROJECT: CORP COUNSEL PROJ; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1512 words

HIGHLIGHT: [Editors's Note] Mr. Greenbaum will moderate one of the panels at the
January 27 Seminar "What Corporate Law Departments Need To Know: Corporate
Governance And Compliance Today And Tomorrow." sponsored by the New Jersey
Corporate Counsel Association in conjunction with Sills Cummis Epstein & Gross
P.C. and Deloitte & Touche LLP.  The purpose of this interview is to get his
views on some of the issues to be discussed by his panel and to focus on the
challenges facing corporate counsel in the post-Sarbanes-Oxley environment as
they relate to his practice area (class action litigation).


Editor: Your panel is entitled "Corporate Compliance Programs: A Practical
Approach Based On Recent Amendments To The Sentencing Guidelines." From a
litigator's perspective, how important is it that a company have state of the
art legal and financial compliance systems in place? Could you give some
examples?

Greenbaum: Companies that are large enough to have a substantial inside counsel
staff will be expected to have sophisticated systems in place. I am thinking
here of a combination of codes of conduct, employee training programs, and
systems for assuring compliance with legal requirements and responding to
regulatory inquiries as well as having corporate counsel strategically placed
throughout the company who can advise management about how to avoid legal
pitfalls.

Having such systems in place will go a long way toward convincing regulators and
law enforcement officials that the corporation is a good citizen and is serious
about complying with the law even though it may discover it has a bad apple in
its ranks who may have engaged in wrongdoing. Today, the initial contact with a
regulator inquiring into possible corporate wrongdoing will include a request
for e-mails and other electronic data. The first impression that the regulator
has of a company may be based on the company's ability to gather such
information quickly and responsively.  If it does not have systems in place to
do this, the regulator's attitude about the company may be colored by the
impression that it is unresponsive and foot dragging.  It's highly likely that
the more responsive a company is, the better its relationships will be with
regulators.

Editor: Have corporations encountered problems because top management and the
board were not viewed as serious about promoting compliance or cooperating in a
effort to uncover wrongdoing?

Greenbaum: Anyone who follows the daily newspapers knows that it is not
desirable for a company or its chief legal officer to be perceived as less than
fully cooperative in an inquiry about possible wrongdoing or unknowledgeable
about facts that should have been learned by management.  Reactions of this kind
are viewed by regulators as a sign that senior management is not proactively
encouraging compliance throughout the organization. A failure to manifest a
desire to cooperate may raise the frustration level of the regulators with
respect to a company and cause them to focus on that company rather than on
other companies that may have similar problems. If you do not have systems in
place that enable you to know what actually is going on, you may make
misstatements that will lead regulators to jump to conclusions about the
company's culpability and the tone at the top.

Editor: You and other colleagues at your firm have recently authored a book
titled "E-Discovery: A Guide For Corporate Counsel," how important is
e-discovery?

Greenbaum: I have been defending companies in court for many years. My task has
become much more difficult as a result of the proliferation of e-mails.  They
have replaced the group around the water cooler as the medium for informal
communication. For some reason, people lose their inhibitions when they send
e-mails and give very little thought to the fact that a jocular remark can later
prove to be damaging. Almost daily, one reads in the newspapers about a new
scandal that has been uncovered as a result of e-mail review.

The most sophisticated companies recognize electronic discovery has become a
fact of life and that they need to have systems already in place to respond
quickly and appropriately to regulatory requests for electronic data. These
systems are created by a team of people within a company with a variety of skill
sets, including those with IT, investigatory (FBI, Secret Service, IRS) and
legal experience. The goal of the team is to create and maintain a system that
will enable a company to gather requested information quickly and
comprehensively.  In developing their systems, companies draw upon the expertise
of law firms like ours with experience in the area and of consultants with
technical qualifications.

Editor: I understand that there is a lack of standards to guide courts in
handling requests for electronic discovery. What steps are being taken to obtain
uniform and reasonable rules?

Greenbaum: I am currently the ABA Section of Litigation Liaison to the Judicial
Conference's Advisory Committee on Civil Rules. That Committee is in a public
comment period on proposed rule changes affecting e-discovery.  The comment
period will be open until the middle of February. The role of the ABA's
Litigation Section is to provide the perspective of litigators who work with
clients in dealing with the issues raised by e-discovery and to make sure that
our experience is properly reflected in the new rules.

Editor: Given today's legal environment, what questions should an individual ask
before becoming a director and what qualifications should such an individual
possess?

Greenbaum: He or she will want to be satisfied that there are effective internal
controls in the financial area, that a state of the art legal compliance system
is in place, that there is a strong general counsel with an adequate staff and
other tools who recognizes his or her responsibilities to the independent
directors and to the corporation and that there is comprehensive D & O insurance
coverage in place.

A person who becomes a director needs to recognize that to protect himself or
herself, he or she must be prepared to devote considerable time to the job and
have the intellectual capacity and background to understand the complexities of
a modern corporation and to ask the right questions. There is also a role for
outside counsel.  For the past twenty years people who are contemplating
becoming a director have come to me, sometimes at the suggestion of the
corporation's general counsel or CEO, to get independent advice about the risks
of serving as a director.

Editor: You mentioned the importance of having a strong general counsel with an
adequate staff, what would you consider an "adequate" staff?

Greenbaum: The question of whether additional staffing is needed in the legal
department to assure that compliance issues are properly addressed will vary by
company.  My experience is that many companies have lawyers assigned to
different business units to help them in their day-to-day activities so that the
necessary staffing may already be in place in these corporations. A good place
to start in considering whether there is adequate coverage by in-house counsel
is to look at where the breakdowns took place in the companies involved in
scandals, because people are now asking "Where were the lawyers?" It should be
made clear to all in-house lawyers that they have an ethical obligation to
report compliance issues up the ladder. Companies should carefully consider
their need for additional legal staffing in the light of the new challenges.

Editor: Does your firm play a role in training corporate counsel?

Greenbaum: We have wide-ranging seminars for corporate counsel, both clients and
nonclients, covering significant legal issues in a variety of areas. For
example, we have been giving a series of programs for corporate counsel on
electronic discovery and the proposals for changes in the relevant court rules.

Editor: Where an apparent compliance failure or disclosure issue that might give
rise to litigation comes to light, how important is it to act immediately to
contain the damage?

Greenbaum: We think that companies should react quickly and appropriately.
However, one size doesn't fit all.  It is always desirable when making a
decision as to the appropriate reaction to reach out for advice to law firms and
other consultants that have handled other crisis response situations.

In most cases getting the facts quickly is essential to reacting appropriately.
I mentioned the need to have a system in place that will enable a company to
quickly get a handle on the content of e-mails flying back and forth. However,
e-mail traffic is only one element.

It is important that the relevant facts be gathered as rapidly as possible
through a credible investigation, both as a basis for company statements and for
decision making. If the investigation team is headed by a firm or lawyer with
credibility with the public, courts and prosecutors, so much the better. Having
a lawyer on the team with class action experience is helpful because if you
uncover an ambiguous document, a lawyer with that kind of experience will have a
good feel about how plaintiffs' counsel will view that document and attempt to
exploit it and what the appropriate company response should be.

In some situations, the company may wish to have the investigation conducted by
a law firm that has had no previous relationships with the company.  You would
be surprised to see how quickly a firm like ours that is accustomed to doing
investigations can react when called upon - even where it has not had advance
notice.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Jeffrey J. Greenbaum

            Copyright 2004 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday

Experts say exposing wrongdoing in the workplace requires strategy

BYLINE: By Jim DeBrosse Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 434 words


Is your employer violating safety, environmental or health standards, or engaged
in criminal activity?

As the Enron scandal makes clear, it's up to individual employees to blow the
whistle on corporate or government wrongdoing. But first get smart - not
righteous - if you want to protect yourself and your job, legal experts say.

The most effective whistleblowers stay cool, keep meticulous records and go to
their employer first with their concerns before going public.

And they continue to perform well on the job.

"You have to do your darndest not to give your employer another reason for
getting rid of you," said Reuben Guttman, a Washington, D.C.-based attorney who
specializes in whistleblower protection.

Guttman said the recent convictions of top Enron executives point to the
importance of whistle-blowers in "purifying" our private and public
institutions.

"Enron stands for the notion that everybody in the workplace should be getting
back to their own moral compass," he said. "If they see something is patently
unlawful, just because their employer says that's OK, doesn't mean they should
just look away."

Whistle-blowers are protected by a patchwork of state and federal laws that
include common law and statutes, civil rights legislation, federal agency
guidelines, labor relations law and even the First Amendment. (For an overview:
www.w histleblowerlaws.com/)

Julie Ford, a Dayton attorney who specializes in labor and employment law, says
potential whistle-blowers must be prepared for the consequences.

"If someone truly believes their job is at risk, and they're about to make a
report (of wrongdoing), it is wise to seek legal counsel, and to let your
employer know you've sought legal counsel," she said.

Before blowing the whistle, lawyers offer these tips:

* First, give your employer the opportunity to correct the problem. Ohio law
won't protect employees who go public with their findings beforehand.

* Be concerned and polite, not confrontational, when informing your employer.
Keep the focus on the violations and how they are hurting the organization, not
on assigning blame.

* Keep records, dates and notes on everything - document the violations and all
pertinent discussions with your supervisors.

* Keep copies of everything - documents, e-mails, notes, anything related to
your complaint.

* Take action. Whistle-blower laws will protect you only if you notify the
proper agencies when your internal efforts fail.

* Stay in the game.

"You can't just quit or not show up for work," Guttman said. "It's a chess game.
Every step you take, you have to consider your employer's reaction."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Archdiocese admits wrongdoing in abuse case

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 632 words


ST. PAUL, Minn. * The Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis publicly admitted
wrongdoing Wednesday for the way it handled sexual abuse allegations against a
former priest, while prosecutors dropped criminal charges that alleged the
archdiocese turned a blind eye to his repeated misconduct.

The admission was part of an agreement in a lawsuit that calls for Archbishop
Bernard Hebda to personally participate in at least three and likely more
restorative justice sessions with abuse victims. The archbishop took the unusual
step of attending the Wednesday hearing where the agreement was announced.

Ramsey County prosecutors filed civil and criminal charges against the
archdiocese last year. The six gross misdemeanour child endangerment charges
against the archdiocese involved Curtis Wehmeyer, who is serving prison time for
molesting two boys in Minnesota and a third in Wisconsin. He was ultimately
removed from the priesthood.

Also Wednesday, a prominent attorney for abuse victims, Jeffrey Anderson,
accused the Vatican of interfering in a law firm's investigation into alleged
misconduct by Hebda's predecessor, Archbishop John Nienstedt.

The civil case was settled in December under a plan that allowed for more
oversight of the church. But attorneys for both sides used Wednesday's hearing
on progress in the civil case to announce new steps aimed at reinforcing that
agreement.

"The Archdiocese admits that it failed to adequately respond and prevent the
sexual abuse" of the three victims, the archdiocese said in papers filed
Wednesday. "The Archdiocese failed to keep the safety and wellbeing of these
three children ahead of protecting the interests of Curtis Wehmeyer and the
Archdiocese. The actions and omissions of the Archdiocese failed to prevent the
abuse that resulted in the need for protection and services for these three
children."

Nienstedt resigned from his post 10 days after the criminal charges were filed
in June 2015. Hebda, who took over about a year ago, apologized for the
archdiocese's failures at a news conference later Wednesday.

"Those children, their parents, their family, their parish and others were
harmed. We are sorry. I am sorry," Hebda said.

Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said the victims' family appreciated the
admission of wrongdoing, supported the measures to strengthen the settlement and
backed his decision to drop the criminal charges.

"They were moved and satisfied that justice had been done," the prosecutor said.

Choi also defended his decision not to file criminal charges against Nienstedt
or other senior church officials in the Wehmeyer case, saying there wasn't
enough evidence against any individual for a conviction, though there was
against the archdiocese. He also said the protections under the settlement are
stronger than anything the court could have ordered.

Other changes announced Wednesday extend the court's oversight until February
2020. And the archdiocese named nationally recognized child welfare advocate
Patty Wetterling to its Ministerial Review Board, which examines abuse claims
involving priests.

Anderson levelled new accusations against top church officials for their
handling of Nienstedt, who agreed in January 2014 to let outside attorneys
examine his conduct at a time the archdiocese was being heavily criticized.

He cited a newly released 2014 memo from the Rev. Daniel Griffith, one of the
archdiocese's key leaders for ensuring the safety of children, in which Griffith
raised concerns that Nienstedt's "social relationship" with Wehmeyer had clouded
his judgment.

Griffith accuses the apostolic nuncio - the Vatican's delegate in Washington -
of ordering Minnesota church leaders to wrap up the Nienstedt investigation
without pursuing all leads. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

TARGETED HEDGE FUNDS ARE TOAST

BYLINE: KAJA WHITEHOUSE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 349 words


Federal agents came armed with search warrants, but the documents may as well
have been death warrants for the hedge funds raided in a widening
insider-trading probe.

In a move lifted from an action thriller, the FBI raided three firms -  taking
documents and confiscating BlackBerries -  on Monday as part of a probe led by
Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara.

While the funds -  Diamondback in Stamford, Conn., Level Global in New York and
Loch Capital in Boston -  have not been charged with any wrongdoing, legal
experts said the raids could mean the kiss of death.

"This is very close to being accused of committing a crime without actually
being accused," said Thomas Gorman, a white-collar litigation expert.

Gorman warns of a backlash for Bharara if the government fails to charge the
firms with wrongdoing.

Investors these days are running at the first sign of trouble. Loch Capital saw
assets drop from more than $2 billion to a mere $750 million over the last year
after it emerged that the firm's founders are close with Steven Fortuna, who
pleaded guilty in a separate insider-trading case against Galleon Group.

FrontPoint Partners is shuttering a $1.5 billion fund one month after a manager
was implicated but not charged in an insider-trading case. Art Samberg closed
down Pequot Capital months after the SEC reopened an old insider-trading probe.

The firms targeted have stressed that they have not been charged with any
wrongdoing. Diamondback is also telling investors it's the victim of a
government "witch hunt," sources said.

Meanwhile, hedge fund SAC Capital, Boston investment firm Wellington Management
and Janus Capital have received subpoenas or other requests for information.

Fox Business News' Charlie Gasparino reported that Citadel Investment Group also
received a subpoena from the feds.

Whiff of scandal

Here are some funds caught in the cross-fire:

* FrontPoint: Shuts health-care fund after French doctor is charged.

* Quadrangle: Winds down fund amid founder Steve Rattner's troubles.

* Loch Capital: Stung by ties to Galleon

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          December 28, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

SEC ratchets up its legal battle with U.S. judge

BYLINE: David S. Hilzenrath

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 679 words


The legal battle between federal judge Jed S. Rakoff and the Securities and
Exchange Commission escalated Tuesday, adding new tension to a struggle over how
the government should police white-collar fraud in general and what it should do
to hold Citigroup accountable in one of the biggest cases to emerge from the
mortgage meltdown.

Rakoff last month challenged the SEC's standard way of doing business when he
rejected a settlement under which Citigroup would pay $285 million while neither
admitting nor denying wrongdoing. The penalty amounted to "pocket change" for a
company as large as Citigroup, the U.S. district judge in Manhattan ruled, and
with no admission or denial of wrongdoing he said he was unable to determine
whether the deal was appropriate. He told the two sides to prepare for trial.

The SEC argued that its enforcement efforts would be crippled if it had to hold
out for admissions of wrongdoing and pursue cases all the way to verdicts
instead of negotiating settlements.

On Tuesday, the SEC ratcheted up its counterattack with an "emergency" motion
asking a higher court to put the Citigroup case on hold while the agency appeals
Rakoff's decision.

Acknowledging that its right to appeal at this stage might be subject to
dispute, the SEC signaled that it was willing to take the extreme step of
seeking a "writ of mandamus" - a special order overturning the judge on the
grounds that he "clearly abused" his discretion.

Rakoff fired back Tuesday with an order saying that the SEC and Citigroup have
no grounds to appeal. He said the harm the SEC claimed it would suffer if it had
to prepare for trial was "largely illusory," and he refused to put the case on
hold.

By the end of the day, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit froze
action until Jan. 17, when it said it will consider the SEC's request to stay
the case while the appeal is pending.

The developments underlined how much is at stake and how much impact a judge can
have.

Last week, a federal judge in Wisconsin demanded more information from the SEC
before approving settlements involving Koss Corp. and a Koss executive. Citing
Rakoff's November ruling in the Citigroup case, U.S. District Judge Rudolph T.
Randa wanted to know why the Koss deals were "fair, reasonable, adequate, and in
the public interest."

Rakoff has criticized SEC settlements as contrivances that produce headlines but
little else.

SEC officials have argued that Rakoff's November decision would force the agency
to devote much more time and money to each case and, therefore, pursue fewer
cases, undermining efforts to combat financial fraud. The judge failed to give
the SEC the deference it deserves, said the SEC, which has asked the higher
court to expedite its appeal.

The clash comes as protesters are clamoring for Wall Street to be held
accountable for the financial crisis.

Citigroup is accused of dumping assets tied to subprime mortgages on misinformed
investors in 2007, when the housing market was deteriorating. Citigroup bet that
the assets it was selling would lose value, according to the SEC complaint. The
bet paid off for Citigroup, which reaped profits of about $160 million, and
investors lost more than $700 million, the SEC said.

The SEC said the proposed settlement took into account "the litigation risk"- in
other words, the possibility of losing at trial - and "the benefit of avoiding
that risk." The $285 million settlement also reflected the amount the SEC was
likely to obtain if it won a trial, the agency said.

In a court filing Tuesday, the SEC said Rakoff had given Citigroup until Jan. 3
to answer the complaint or move for dismissal.

By forcing Citigroup's hand, Rakoff could have won a symbolic victory. The
requirement "threatens a central provision" of the proposed settlement, "namely
that Citigroup would not deny the Commission's allegations," the SEC said in its
Tuesday filing. As a result, the SEC said its position would be "irreparably
harmed."

The appeals court's decision to freeze the trial court action averts that moment
of truth, for now.

hilzenrath@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Twin Cities Archdiocese admits wrongdoing in abuse case

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 725 words


ST. PAUL, Minn. * The Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis publicly admitted
wrongdoing Wednesday for the way it handled sexual abuse allegations against a
former priest, while prosecutors dropped criminal charges that alleged the
archdiocese turned a blind eye to his repeated misconduct.

The admission was part of an agreement in a lawsuit that calls for Archbishop
Bernard Hebda to personally participate in at least three and likely more
restorative justice sessions with abuse victims. The archbishop took the unusual
step of attending the Wednesday hearing where the agreement was announced.

Ramsey County prosecutors filed civil and criminal charges against the
archdiocese last year. The six gross misdemeanour child endangerment charges
against the archdiocese involved Curtis Wehmeyer, who is serving prison time for
molesting two boys in Minnesota and a third in Wisconsin. He was ultimately
removed from the priesthood.

Also Wednesday, a prominent attorney for abuse victims, Jeffrey Anderson,
accused the Vatican of interfering in a law firm's investigation into alleged
misconduct by Hebda's predecessor, Archbishop John Nienstedt.

The civil case was settled in December under a plan that allowed for more
oversight of the church. But attorneys for both sides used Wednesday's hearing
on progress in the civil case to announce new steps aimed at reinforcing that
agreement.

"The Archdiocese admits that it failed to adequately respond and prevent the
sexual abuse" of the three victims, the archdiocese said in papers filed
Wednesday. "The Archdiocese failed to keep the safety and wellbeing of these
three children ahead of protecting the interests of Curtis Wehmeyer and the
Archdiocese. The actions and omissions of the Archdiocese failed to prevent the
abuse that resulted in the need for protection and services for these three
children."

Nienstedt resigned from his post 10 days after the criminal charges were filed
in June 2015. Hebda, who took over about a year ago, apologized for the
archdiocese's failures at a news conference later Wednesday.

"Those children, their parents, their family, their parish and others were
harmed. We are sorry. I am sorry," Hebda said.

Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said the victims' family appreciated the
admission of wrongdoing, supported the measures to strengthen the settlement and
backed his decision to drop the criminal charges.

"They were moved and satisfied that justice had been done," the prosecutor said.

Choi also defended his decision not to file criminal charges against Nienstedt
or other senior church officials in the Wehmeyer case, saying there wasn't
enough evidence against any individual for a conviction, though there was
against the archdiocese. He also said the protections under the settlement are
stronger than anything the court could have ordered.

Other changes announced Wedn- esday extend the court's oversight until February
2020. And the archdiocese named nationally recognized child welfare advocate
Patty Wetterling to its Ministerial Review Board, which examines abuse claims
involving priests.

Anderson levelled new accusations against top church officials for their
handling of Nienstedt, who agreed in January 2014 to let outside attorneys
examine his conduct at a time the archdiocese was being heavily criticized.

He cited a newly released 2014 memo from the Rev. Daniel Griffith, one of the
archdiocese's key leaders for ensuring the safety of children, in which Griffith
raised concerns that Nienstedt's "social relationship" with Wehmeyer had clouded
his judgment.

Griffith accuses the apostolic nuncio - the Vatican's delegate in Washington -
of ordering Minnesota church leaders to wrap up the Nienstedt investigation
without pursuing all leads. Griffith also accused the delegate at the time,
Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, of ordering two auxiliary bishops under Nienstedt
to destroy a letter in which they disagreed with Vigano.

"What has unfolded in the face of compelling evidence amounts to a good
old-fashioned coverup to preserve power and avoid scandal and accountability,"
wrote Griffith, who said in an email Wednesday that he stands by the memo.

A secretary at the nuncio's office said there was no one available to comment;
the nuncio did not immediately reply to an emailed request for comment.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 The Daily Gleaner (Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Court dismisses child labor claims against Hershey

LENGTH: 654  words


A Delaware court has dismissed an investor group's legal claim that the Hershey
Co. had engaged in "wrongdoing" by relying on West African farms that use
illegal child labor to harvest cocoa beans.
Illegal conduct in one industry sector does not provide a credible basis for a
plaintiff to allege wrongdoing or mismanagement against a specific company, the
Delaware Court of Chancery ruled.


In Louisiana Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System v. Hershey, the court
conceded that child labor in the chocolate industry is a serious problem, but it
ultimately concluded that the retirement system presented no evidence that
Hershey had itself violated the law or relied upon child labor for its cocoa.
"In this case, because the stockholder failed to sustain its minimal burden of
providing credible evidence from which the court may infer mismanagement or
wrongdoing at Hershey, rather than within the cocoa supply chain, I recommend
that the court dismiss the complaint," said Master in Chancery Abigail M.
LeGrow.
The Louisiana Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System, a Hershey
shareholder, sent an October 2012 letter demanding inspection of Hershey's books
and records, requesting information on possible breaches of fiduciary duty by
Hershey's board by contracting with West African cocoa farms that may utilize
child labor.
Hershey, based in Hershey, Pa., refused to permit inspection and LAMPERS
responded by filing a lawsuit in the Chancery Court alleging that Hershey's
board breached its fiduciary duty by refusing to end its reliance on child labor
farms.
The plaintiff's lawsuit alleged that Hershey purchased cocoa originating in both
Ghana and the Ivory Coast. Although both nations have laws banning human
trafficking and child labor, LAMPERS contended that child labor on cocoa farms
is still a major issue. In addition, LAMPERS claimed that Hershey violated the
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, a U.S. law
permitting criminal charges against companies that obtain labor through illegal
means.
Hershey countered that LAMPERS failed to allege a credible basis for the court
to infer any wrongdoing.
Ms. LeGrow found that the plaintiff did not present enough evidence that Hershey
was specifically using child labor to obtain cocoa from West Africa.
"Notably none of those sources -- or any other source identified in the
complaint -- states that Hershey has violated the law or is under investigation
for possible legal violations, nor do they identify any illegal conduct within
the company," Ms. LeGrow said.

The plaintiffs had argued that since child labor is a pervasive problem in the
countries where Hershey sources cocoa, and because the defendant has a 42
percent share of the U.S. chocolate market, statistically, it is likely that
Hershey is dependent on child labor and, therefore, has violated both national
and international laws.
In the original complaint, filed in 2012, the retirement fund claimed that
Hershey's board knew that its ingredients came from West African suppliers, and
knew that those suppliers relied on illegal child forced labor.
Hershey's tacit support of the farms "is beginning to harm its business
relationships, which could ultimately cost the company millions in profits," the
pension fund said in the suit.
But Ms. LeGrow said that under the Chancery Court's decision in Louisiana
Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System v. Countrywide Financial, a 2007
decision, the court can only consider a statistical correlation if it was
"adequately supported by a sound logical methodology and competent expert
testimony."
"Even when a statistical correlation meets that standard, however, it forms the
'outer limits' of the 'minimal quantum of evidence' a shareholder must provide
to satisfy the credible basis standard," she said.
Last year, Hershey pledged that by 2020, it would use cocoa suppliers with
sanctioned labor practices.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 456 words

Ga. Governor Orders Water Savings

WEST POINT, Ga. -- Gov. Sonny Perdue (R) ordered state agencies Wednesday to
reduce water consumption immediately by 10 to 15 percent, a step designed to
show the federal government that the state is working to conserve water during
an epic drought.

The move, which comes a day after he ordered north Georgia public utilities to
cut water use by 10 percent, is a plea to encourage the federal government to
help resolve the state's water crisis, and a protest against releases by the
Corps of Engineers.

"We are further putting pressure on federal agencies by illustrating that
Georgia is taking every possible step to conserve water," he said.

Louisiana Lawmaker Faults FBI Investigation

NEW ORLEANS -- A Louisiana legislator said he is being investigated by the FBI
and claimed it may be because he would not give agents information about
possible wrongdoing by Rep. William J. Jefferson (D-La.) and New Orleans Mayor
C. Ray Nagin (D). State Sen. Derrick Shepherd (D-Marrero) denied wrongdoing and
said he has no evidence of misdeeds by either man. He has not been charged with
a crime. Earlier this week, an FBI agent testified that Shepherd helped a
convicted felon launder more than $140,000 in bogus construction bond fees last
year and kept nearly half the money. U.S. Attorney Jim Letten would not comment
on Shepherd's claims. Nagin has not been linked to allegations of wrongdoing in
his two terms in office.

Journalist's Widow Drops Suit Against Al-Qaeda

NEW YORK -- The widow of slain journalist Daniel Pearl has withdrawn a lawsuit
seeking damages against al-Qaeda, a dozen reputed terrorists and Pakistan's
largest bank. In a letter to the federal judge presiding over the case,
attorneys for Mariane Pearl noted that Habib Bank and the other defendants in
the case had not responded to the lawsuit, but they did not otherwise explain.

Shuttle Crew Inspects Wings for Damage

CAPE CANAVERAL -- Discovery's astronauts used lasers and digital cameras to
examine the shuttle's wings for any signs of launch damage as they gained on the
international space station with every circling of Earth. The inspection is
standard procedure, but it's an even higher priority this time because of
questions about possible flaws in three wing panels.

State Calls Use of Taser at Kerry Event Justified

GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- University of Florida police were justified in using a
Taser against a student who refused to stop questioning Sen. John F. Kerry
(D-Mass.) at a campus event last month, according to the report from a state
investigation.  A 17-page summary of the 300-page report by the Florida
Department of Law Enforcement on whether officers overreacted against student
Andrew Meyer.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 2, 2007, Sunday

Other members of Congress;
under an ethics cloud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P11A

LENGTH: 544 words


Other members of Congress under an ethics cloud

SENATE

-Pete Domenici, R-N.M., under investigation by the Senate Ethics Committee after
a watchdog group accused him of trying to pressure David Iglesias, then the U.S.
attorney in Albuquerque, N.M., to rush a corruption probe against Democrats to
sway the 2006 elections. Iglesias says he believes he was dismissed from his job
for resisting Domenici and Rep. Heather Wilson, R-N.M., who both say they did
not pressure him.

-Ted Stevens, R-Alaska, under investigation for his connection to oil field
services contractor Bill Allen, who helped oversee a renovation project that
more than doubled the size of Stevens' Alaska home in 2000. Investigators,
including FBI and Internal Revenue Service agents, raided Stevens' home July 30.
Allen has pleaded guilty to bribing Alaska lawmakers. Stevens has denied any
wrongdoing.

-David Vitter, R-La., apologized July 9 for committing a "very serious sin in my
past," acknowledging that his Washington phone number was among those called
several years ago by a Washington-area escort service that prosecutors have said
was a front for prostitution.

HOUSE

-John Doolittle, R-Calif., left the Appropriations Committee after FBI agents
raided his Washington-area home. His wife, Julie, ran a business from the home
in which she received commissions as a paid fundraiser for her husband's
campaigns and her clients included now-jailed GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff.
Doolittle denies any wrongdoing.

-William Jefferson, D-La., indicted June 4 on federal charges of racketeering,
money-laundering and soliciting more than $400,000 in bribes in connection with
years of trying to broker business deals in Africa. Investigators raided
Jefferson's Washington home and found $90,000 in cash stuffed in his freezer. He
has denied wrongdoing.

-Jerry Lewis, R-Calif., is being investigated by federal prosecutors who are
examining his dealings with lobbyists and contractors during the time he chaired
the House Appropriations Committee. Lewis, who announced Friday he will seek
re-election next year, has denied wrongdoing.

-Alan Mollohan, D-W.Va., stepped down from the House ethics committee after
federal agents began a probe of federal funds he helped steer to nonprofit
groups and his participation in some real estate investments. Mollohan says he
has done nothing wrong.

-Rick Renzi, R-Ariz., faces a federal inquiry into a land swap that netted his
former business partner, friend and campaign donor $4.5 million. Renzi also has
faced scrutiny from the Federal Election Commission, which investigated
allegations that he channeled prohibited corporate funds into his 2002 campaign.
The FEC dropped the inquiry, but Renzi paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in
back taxes while settling the charges. Renzi has denied wrongdoing, but decided
against seeking re-election next year.

-Heather Wilson, R-N.M. The House ethics committee has interviewed former
prosecutor Iglesias, a first step toward deciding whether to open an inquiry
into allegations that Wilson tried to pressure him to rush indictments in an
alleged kickback scheme against Democrats before the November election. Iglesias
says he believes he was fired because he resisted Wilson and Domenici. Both say
they didn't pressure him.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

BRIEF: CTC absolved of wrongdoing as federal investigation ends

BYLINE: Justin Dennis, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 200 words


June 06--JOHNSTOWN -- The multi-year investigation into Johnstown-based
Concurrent Technologies Corporation has ended, according to an official press
release from the company.

The company was cleared of any wrongdoing, the release states, and David
Hickton, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania, has closed the
case.

"CTC fully cooperated with the government throughout this matter and produced
substantial records for review," stated President and CEO Ed Sheehan Jr. in the
release. "We are extremely pleased with the government's decision and appreciate
this matter has been brought to a close. CTC has always been and will continue
to be a federally compliant contractor."

According to the release, the company was named one of the World's Most Ethical
Companies by Ethisphere Institute in 2012 and 2013.

"CTC is pleased to have this matter behind us," Sheehan stated.

Look for more details in Saturday's Tribune-Democrat.

Justin Dennis is a multimedia reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. Follow him on
Twitter at @JustinDennis.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140606-JO-BRF-CTC-absolved-of-wrongdoing
-as-federal-investigation-ends-0606-20140606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Beazer sets up refund deal;
$2.5 million will go to 1,600 N.C. borrowers.;
Settlement is separate from $30.5 million to be paid in Georgia lawsuit.

BYLINE: Michelle E. Shaw; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 233 words


Beazer Mortgage Corporation, a subsidiary of Atlanta-based Beazer Homes USA,
will pay $2.5 million in restitution to about 1,600 North Carolina borrowers,
according to a settlement with the state's Office of the Commissioner of Banks.

The deal stems from a 2007 investigation that found "numerous and serious
violations of North Carolina's lending laws," according to a news release from
the state agency. A primary finding involved discount points, which are fees
paid to lenders in return for a lower interest rate.

"In particular, (the banks commissioner's office) alleged Beazer failed to
comply with North Carolina's requirement that discount points be bona fide and
paid for the purpose of reducing a borrower's interest rate," the release said.

Beazer will provide substantial refunds of discount points to North Carolina
homeowners, the settlement said, but Beazer admits no wrongdoing in the
agreement. Beazer Mortgage ceased operations in February 2008.

Earlier this month, Beazer agreed to a $30.5 million settlement of a Georgia
class-action lawsuit that accused the company of artificially inflating the
stock price on sales generated by loans to unqualified buyers. The builder also
admitted no wrongdoing in that case.

Meanwhile, Beazer is still in negotiations with the U.S. Attorney for the
western district of North Carolina, where investigators are looking into Beazer
lending practices.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             April 3, 2006, Monday

In Enron trial, a novel - even brash - defense

BYLINE: Kris Axtman Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 976 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


Defense lawyers for Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling said two months ago they
would prove not only that the top executives did not know about any wrongdoing
at Enron, but that there was no wrongdoing, save for the actions of a few bad
apples.

Monday in a federal courthouse here they'll begin to try to build their case for
that bold assertion - one never before used as a defense in a corporate
corruption trial.

The "there was no evil" defense is a high-risk strategy, but it may be born of
necessity, court watchers say. In other recent trials involving allegations of
corner-office malfeasance, the usual argument - that corruption existed but that
corporate leaders were ignorant of it - often didn't fly.

"Jurors are quite skeptical of CEOs who ask them to accept that they were
competent, hands-on managers, but completely unaware of massive fraud right
under their noses," says Robert Mintz, a former federal prosecutor. "I can
assure you that [Messrs Skilling and Lay] have paid attention to other CEOs who
have tried to raise [that] defense and failed."

Case in point: The verdicts last year against former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers
and former Tyco CEO Dennis Kozlowski.

The Enron defense's novel approach - which caused many in Houston to gasp in
disbelief upon hearing it - posits that Enron was basically sound and that it
went bankrupt because the market panicked and creditors pulled out when investor
confidence eroded and Enron's stock price plummeted.

That argument, though, may be hard to reconcile with testimony of the past eight
weeks, as one government witness after another has said that Lay, Enron's
founder, and Skilling, its CEO, knew of wrongdoing and even participated in it.

"So far, the biggest surprise is how effective a job the government is doing,"
says Gerald Treece, assistant dean at the South Texas College of Law in Houston.
"The case is stronger than I thought it would be. The witnesses have been more
effective than I thought they would be. And the young prosecutors have more than
held their own against the more experienced defense attorneys."

What government prosecutors learned

Moreover, the defense team isn't the only one to take some lessons from earlier
corporate corruption trials. The government learned a few things from losing its
case against former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy - and is using them to its
advantage in the Enron case, says Jim Parkman, Mr. Scrushy's lawyer. The
HealthSouth executive was acquitted last year of all charges in the $2.7 billion
accounting fraud at the hospital chain - a case in which the "CEO didn't know"
defense did manage to prevail.

For one, the Enron prosecutors did not spend a long time on the company's
Byzantine accounting practices, as the HealthSouth prosecutors did. For another,
they didn't replay endless analyst conference calls or hide their witnesses'
wrongdoing from the jury, says Mr. Parkman.

"All of that bored the jury to no end, and you cannot bore a jury - no matter
what kind of case it is," he says. "The government learned two important lessons
from us: Keep it short, and never hide the bad."

The Enron prosecutors did not hide, for instance, the culpability of the man
billed as their star witness: Andrew Fastow, the company's former chief
financial officer. But Mr. Fastow's testimony "turned out to be almost
irrelevant after a steady stream of witnesses told the same story," says David
Berg, a Houston defense lawyer and author of "The Trial Lawyer: What It Takes to
Win."

Next, a charm offensive?

To date, the government is ahead - as it should be at this stage in the trial,
say Mr. Berg and others. To try to chip away at that advantage, the defense will
probably launch a charm offensive, Berg says, because "juries give verdicts to
people they like."

That is expected to come from character witnesses, as well as Lay and Skilling
themselves, who have said they will testify. Jurors are also likely to hear from
Enron's outside accounting firm and from lawyers who signed off on the complex
deals that masked the company's losses.

Though the government put on a strong case, defense attorneys Michael Ramsey and
Daniel Petrocelli definitely have room to maneuver, say legal experts.

They have already done a good job of highlighting weaknesses in the
prosecution's case, noting in particular the lack of direct evidence against Lay
and Skilling, says Mr. Mintz.

Most of the evidence linking the two men to crimes has come in the form of
conversations, conference calls, and speeches, not documents.

After the government rested its case, it dropped one charge against Lay and
three against Skilling. Lay is now charged with six counts, including conspiracy
and fraud. Skilling faces 28 counts, including conspiracy, fraud, and insider
trading.

When defendants take the stand

In the end, the case may hang on how jurors assess Skilling and Lay - and their
credibility - when each takes the stand.

Experts are split on the wisdom of letting the defendants testify.

Parkman, who did not put Scrushy on the stand during the HealthSouth CEO's
trial, cautions "there is too much damage that can be done under that pressure."

Moreover, under the federal sentencing guidelines, a defendant who testifies in
his own case and loses can suffer a greater punishment than if he hadn't. Though
the US Supreme Court threw out the guidelines last year, many judges still look
to them for direction, says Parkman.

But Mr. Treece, at South Texas College of Law, says the two simply must testify
because the case comes down to credibility.

For almost two months, witnesses have been detailing Lay's and Skilling's
misdeeds. "Now the jury is going to want to hear their version of events," he
says.

"It's impossible to predict the outcome," Treece adds. "All the experts in the
world can't really know what the jury's thinking."

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 5, 2006 Thursday

SEC stakes out middle ground on fines policy;
Will fines hit shareholders twice?

BYLINE: KARA SCANNELL, Deborah Solomon contributed to this article.

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; REGULATION; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 928 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, seeking to defuse a controversy
about its use of big fines to punish corporate wrongdoing, publicly laid out a
set of guidelines to help determine whether and how much to fine companies
engaged in financial fraud.

The move is an attempt by Christopher Cox, who took over as SEC chairman five
months ago, to address concerns by Republican commissioners and some in the
business community that the practice of fining companies was a double hit on
shareholders: once for being harmed by the fraud and again in the use of
shareholder money to pay a fine. Others also had argued that the SEC was
inconsistent in its use of corporate penalties.

Yesterday, Mr. Cox, with the full backing of the agency's four other
commissioners, appeared to stake out a middle ground. He said the agency will
take into account whether shareholders improperly benefited from a fraud and if
a penalty would create further harm or would help shareholders because it could
be used to repay stockholders.

The SEC also said it would consider whether the conduct was widespread in the
corporation and whether the company co-operated with regulatory officials when
the fraud came to light. The guidelines don't apply to companies in regulated
industries, such as broker-dealers or mutual-fund firms, or individuals.

"Our intention is that these principles will establish objective standards that
will provide the maximum degree of investor protection," Mr. Cox said.

The agency used two enforcement cases announced yesterday to elucidate the
principles. The SEC filed a case against McAfee Inc. in which the Santa Clara,
Calif., software maker agreed to pay $50-million (U.S.), without admitting or
denying wrongdoing, to settle allegations it overstated revenue by $622-million
from 1998 to 2000. During the period, McAfee, formerly called Network Associates
Inc., used its inflated stock to acquire other companies, and the fraud was
concealed, the SEC said.

In the second case, Applix Inc., a Westborough, Mass., software company,
settled, without admitting or denying wrongdoing, charges of improper revenue
recognition. Applix wasn't subject to a fine.

In explaining the difference, Linda Chatman Thomsen, the SEC's enforcement
chief, said McAfee was subject to a penalty because it benefited from the
conduct. Given the financial strength of the company, it was unlikely that a
fine would hurt shareholders, she said.

Applix and its shareholders didn't appear to benefit from the fraud, which was
more limited than McAfee's, she said. Applix is a smaller company, and a fine
could have a disproportionate effect on shareholders.

Peter Wallison, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute for
Public Policy Research who has been critical of the SEC's policy making in the
past, said the agency has "set out principles that look as though they will be
workable and give the market a sense of what to expect." Mr. Wallison, a former
colleague of Mr. Cox's from their days together in the Reagan White House, said
the guidance affirms the view that "it makes no sense to fine a company when the
fine simply hurts the shareholders."

But others argued that the guidelines were far from clear and would inevitably
result in arguments about whether companies had benefited from the fraud.

Susan Hackett, general counsel of the Association of Corporate Counsel, which
represents in-house corporate lawyers, said the SEC's guidelines don't seem to
go much beyond what companies and attorneys already knew about the agency's
expectations.

"In looking at this, I'm still not given such a degree of additional guidance
that I feel that I know a heck of a lot more than I did before," she said.

In particular, she said the guidance reaffirms the SEC's view that companies
will be rewarded if they co-operate with the agency, but said it still doesn't
give a clear explanation of what co-operation entails.

"Part of the difficulty, especially for lawyers, is if co-operation means a
company pleads guilty any time a company is accused and is supposed to roll over
and play dead. Well, defence lawyers are paid to defend a corporation," she
said. The guidance issued yesterday, she said, seems to still give SEC lawyers
great latitude in determining what level of co-operation is sufficient to
prevent a fine.

Ms. Hackett said corporate lawyers also want more clarity of what remedial steps
are expected by the SEC. "If remedial steps means as soon as an allegation
surfaces a company is supposed to disassociate itself and fire all the employees
involved, that's a problem," she said. "A company puts itself between a rock and
a hard place when it gets into making prejudgments."

Derek M. Meisner, former branch chief in the enforcement division who is in
private practice, said, "The problem is that the criteria are not nearly as
objective as I suspect many in the corporate world and defence bar were hoping
for."

SEC commissioners acknowledged there likely would still be disagreements among
them. Cynthia Glassman and Paul Atkins, two Republican commissioners, had
clashed with the two Democratic commissioners and former Chairman William
Donaldson, a Republican, in arguing against corporate penalties.

"It's a very good start that we had two cases in the context of this policy
statement in that we had full consent," said Annette Nazareth, a Democratic
commissioner. "I don't think it would be realistic to expect that every time
people are presented with a set of facts that they would necessarily view them
in the same light."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            September 1, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Mortgage firm director pays $7,500 FDIC fine;
Peters denies wrongdoing in settlement with feds

BYLINE: Bob Kievra, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Lawyer R. Norman Peters, a director of the mortgage company 1-800-East-West
Mortgage Co., has agreed to a settlement with the federal government stemming
from an investigation of lawyers, appraisers and title companies associated with
the Peabody lender.

In a civil money penalty order released yesterday by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp., Mr. Peters agreed to pay $7,500, a payment that does not
constitute an admission of liability or wrongdoing.

In November 2005, East-West, a subsidiary of Commerce Bank and Trust Co., agreed
to pay $150,000 to settle charges by the FDIC and the Department of Housing and
Urban Development that it accepted tens of thousands of dollars in gift
certificates and tickets from lawyers and appraisers in return for steering them
mortgage business.

Mr. Peters of Paxton, who is also a director of Commerce Bank, said he agreed to
the settlement to resolve the issue, but denied any wrongdoing on his part.

He said if the federal government had any evidence he did something improper, it
would have restricted him from being a director of East-West or Commerce Bank or
barred him from conducting closings on behalf of East-West, none of which have
occurred.

"I've never paid people to get business," said Mr. Peters. "I didn't have to
wine and dine people. I was a director of the bank and the mortgage company.
They came to me and offered me some of their business."

The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 prohibits a person from giving
or accepting anything of value in exchange for a business referral.

Mr. Peters, a season-ticket holder to the New England Patriots, said he once
took some East-West employees to a game at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro and to a
Boston Red Sox game on another occasion.

But those trips were merely social interactions and were not intended as any
quid pro quo, he said.

Mr. Peters said he elected to pay the fine to quickly resolve a situation that
was costing him time and money in legal expenses.

"I see it as just a cost of doing business," he said.

Mr. Peters said about 2 percent of his business currently involves East-West
closings, down from 5 percent as the real estate market has softened this year.

Brian W. Thompson, Commerce president and chief executive officer, said the bank
has no involvement with the FDIC penalty and should not be associated with the
topic.

David J. Cotney, chief operating officer for the state Division of Banks, said
state regulators are aware of the federal matters, but said there is no
concurrent or joint action pertaining to Mr. Peters.

Spokesmen for the FDIC and HUD declined comment yesterday.

Contact business reporter Bob Kievra by e-mail at rkievra@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Mr. Peters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Clayton Valley Charter High: District Attorney's Office finds no criminal
wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington tharrington@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Education; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 639 words


CONCORD -- In response to numerous complaints about the operation of Clayton
Valley Charter High, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has
found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

In an April 3 letter to three people who submitted complaints, senior deputy
district attorney Steven Moawad said he found "insufficient evidence ... to
warrant criminal prosecution or additional investigation." Complaints included
alleged Brown Act open meeting law violations, fiscal mismanagement, favoritism
and nepotism, failure to follow policies and bylaws, failure to unite
stakeholders and meet student performance standards, mishandling of sexual
harassment allegations and other concerns, Moawad said.

However, Moawad noted that the Contra Costa County Office of Education, which
does have jurisdiction over the school's charter authorization, is conducting a
separate investigation and that his office would respond if that agency
discovers any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. The County Office could also
revoke the school's charter if it finds wrongdoing, he noted.

Terry Koehne, spokesman for the County Office of Education, said Tuesday that
the law firm DWK has invoiced $17,547 for investigative work performed at $255
an hour by two attorneys from Jan. 26 through Feb. 25. He said the investigation
is ongoing.

"We're still in the thick of it," Koehne said. "The paperwork is voluminous, so
there really is no timetable. They're going through all of the complaints and
allegations and are handling all of the records requests."

Clayton Valley Executive Director Dave Linzey and Ted Meriam, chairman of the
board of directors, said in a news release that a small group of individuals had
been raising complaints for more than a year.

"It's time to stop the political attacks and social smear campaigns," Meriam
said. "Together, we must use our positive energies to continue our school's
great achievements and move forward." But that may be easier said than done.
Besides the ongoing County Office of Education investigation, the school is also
dealing with the resignation last week of community-at-large member Jim
Killoran, the establishment of a crowdsource site to "save" the school through
legal actions, an unfair labor practices complaint filed by an employee whose
hours were reduced and the loss of several staff members who have resigned over
the past few months.

"There's so many things that just come one after the other," said Pat
Middendorf, one of the complainants, who was terminated from her administrative
position at the school. "There are many teachers who have resigned since
January."

Jennifer Ferrari, a secretary who resigned in February and is now working in the
Mt. Diablo school district, said she left in large part due to the stressful
work environment at the school. She predicted that if things don't improve many
more staff members will leave at the end of the school year.

Meriam said he was surprised by Killoran's resignation, noting that Killoran had
a philosophical disagreement with employees being board members. Currently, two
teachers are on the governing board and often have to recuse themselves due to
real or perceived conflicts of interest, Meriam said.

"I'm always aware the charter was founded with the idea that stakeholders would
have a voice," he said. "I think we need to honor that, but I think we perhaps
need to do that better than we're doing now."MORE INFORMATION
To see the letter from the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office to
Clayton Valley Charter High, as well as community-at-large board member Jim
Killoran's letter of resignation, go to www.contracostatimes.com/education . A
"Save CVCHS Legal Fund" crowdfunding website is at
www.crowdrise.com/savecvchslegaldefensefund . Additional details about Clayton
Valley Charter High are at www.claytonvalley.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Clayton Valley Charter High: District Attorney's Office finds no criminal
wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington tharrington@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Education; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 640 words


CONCORD -- In response to numerous complaints about the operation of Clayton
Valley Charter High, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has
found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

In an April 3 letter to three people who submitted complaints, Senior Deputy
District Attorney Steven Moawad said he found "insufficient evidence ... to
warrant criminal prosecution or additional investigation." Complaints included
alleged Brown Act open meeting law violations, fiscal mismanagement, favoritism
and nepotism, failure to follow policies and bylaws, failure to unite
stakeholders and meet student performance standards, mishandling of sexual
harassment allegations and other concerns, Moawad said.

However, Moawad noted that the Contra Costa County Office of Education, which
does have jurisdiction over the school's charter authorization, is conducting a
separate investigation and that his office would respond if that agency
discovers any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. The County Office could also
revoke the school's charter if it finds wrongdoing, he noted.

Terry Koehne, spokesman for the County Office of Education, said Tuesday that
the law firm DWK has invoiced $17,547 for investigative work performed at $255
an hour by two attorneys from Jan. 26 through Feb. 25. He said the investigation
is ongoing.

"We're still in the thick of it," Koehne said. "The paperwork is voluminous, so
there really is no timetable. They're going through all of the complaints and
allegations and are handling all of the records requests."

Clayton Valley Executive Director Dave Linzey and Ted Meriam, chairman of the
board of directors, said in a news release that a small group of individuals had
been raising complaints for more than a year.

"It's time to stop the political attacks and social smear campaigns," Meriam
said. "Together, we must use our positive energies to continue our school's
great achievements and move forward." But that may be easier said than done.
Besides the ongoing the County Office of Education investigation, the school is
also dealing with the resignation last week of community-at-large member Jim
Killoran, the establishment of a crowdsource site to "save" the school through
legal actions, an unfair labor practices complaint filed by an employee whose
hours were reduced, and the loss of several staff members who have resigned over
the past few months.

"There's so many things that just come one after the other," said Pat
Middendorf, one of the complainants, who was terminated from her administrative
position at the school. "There are many teachers who have resigned since
January."

Jennifer Ferrari, a secretary who resigned in February and is now working in the
Mt. Diablo school district, said she left in large part due to the stressful
work environment at the school. If things don't improve, she predicted that many
more staff members will leave at the end of the school year.

Meriam said he was surprised by Killoran's resignation, noting that Killoran had
a philosophical disagreement with employees being board members. Currently, two
teachers are on the governing board and often have to recuse themselves due to
real or perceived conflicts of interest, Meriam said.

"I'm always aware the charter was founded with the idea that stakeholders would
have a voice," he said. "I think we need to honor that, but I think we perhaps
need to do that better than we're doing now."MORE INFORMATION
To see the letter from the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office to
Clayton Valley Charter High, as well as community-at-large board member Jim
Killoran's letter of resignation, visit www.contracostatimes.com/education . A
"Save CVCHS Legal Fund" crowdfunding website is at
www.crowdrise.com/savecvchslegaldefensefund . Additional details about Clayton
Valley Charter High are at www.claytonvalley.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Clayton Valley Charter High: District Attorney's Office finds no criminal
wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington tharrington@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Education; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 639 words


CONCORD -- In response to numerous complaints about the operation of Clayton
Valley Charter High, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has
found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

In an April 3 letter to three people who submitted complaints, senior deputy
district attorney Steven Moawad said he found "insufficient evidence ... to
warrant criminal prosecution or additional investigation." Complaints included
alleged Brown Act open meeting law violations, fiscal mismanagement, favoritism
and nepotism, failure to follow policies and bylaws, failure to unite
stakeholders and meet student performance standards, mishandling of sexual
harassment allegations and other concerns, Moawad said.

However, Moawad noted that the Contra Costa County Office of Education, which
does have jurisdiction over the school's charter authorization, is conducting a
separate investigation and that his office would respond if that agency
discovers any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. The County Office could also
revoke the school's charter if it finds wrongdoing, he noted.

Terry Koehne, spokesman for the County Office of Education, said Tuesday that
the law firm DWK has invoiced $17,547 for investigative work performed at $255
an hour by two attorneys from Jan. 26 through Feb. 25. He said the investigation
is ongoing.

"We're still in the thick of it," Koehne said. "The paperwork is voluminous, so
there really is no timetable. They're going through all of the complaints and
allegations and are handling all of the records requests."

Clayton Valley Executive Director Dave Linzey and Ted Meriam, chairman of the
board of directors, said in a news release that a small group of individuals had
been raising complaints for more than a year.

"It's time to stop the political attacks and social smear campaigns," Meriam
said. "Together, we must use our positive energies to continue our school's
great achievements and move forward." But that may be easier said than done.
Besides the ongoing County Office of Education investigation, the school is also
dealing with the resignation last week of community-at-large member Jim
Killoran, the establishment of a crowdsource site to "save" the school through
legal actions, an unfair labor practices complaint filed by an employee whose
hours were reduced and the loss of several staff members who have resigned over
the past few months.

"There's so many things that just come one after the other," said Pat
Middendorf, one of the complainants, who was terminated from her administrative
position at the school. "There are many teachers who have resigned since
January."

Jennifer Ferrari, a secretary who resigned in February and is now working in the
Mt. Diablo school district, said she left in large part due to the stressful
work environment at the school. She predicted that if things don't improve many
more staff members will leave at the end of the school year.

Meriam said he was surprised by Killoran's resignation, noting that Killoran had
a philosophical disagreement with employees being board members. Currently, two
teachers are on the governing board and often have to recuse themselves due to
real or perceived conflicts of interest, Meriam said.

"I'm always aware the charter was founded with the idea that stakeholders would
have a voice," he said. "I think we need to honor that, but I think we perhaps
need to do that better than we're doing now."MORE INFORMATION
To see the letter from the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office to
Clayton Valley Charter High, as well as community-at-large board member Jim
Killoran's letter of resignation, go to www.contracostatimes.com/education . A
"Save CVCHS Legal Fund" crowdfunding website is at
www.crowdrise.com/savecvchslegaldefensefund . Additional details about Clayton
Valley Charter High are at www.claytonvalley.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Clayton Valley Charter High: District Attorney's Office finds no criminal
wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington tharrington@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: EDUCATION; News

LENGTH: 640 words


CONCORD -- In response to numerous complaints about the operation of Clayton
Valley Charter High, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has
found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

In an April 3 letter to three people who submitted complaints, Senior Deputy
District Attorney Steven Moawad said he found "insufficient evidence ... to
warrant criminal prosecution or additional investigation." Complaints included
alleged Brown Act open meeting law violations, fiscal mismanagement, favoritism
and nepotism, failure to follow policies and bylaws, failure to unite
stakeholders and meet student performance standards, mishandling of sexual
harassment allegations and other concerns, Moawad said.

However, Moawad noted that the Contra Costa County Office of Education, which
does have jurisdiction over the school's charter authorization, is conducting a
separate investigation and that his office would respond if that agency
discovers any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. The County Office could also
revoke the school's charter if it finds wrongdoing, he noted.

Terry Koehne, spokesman for the County Office of Education, said Tuesday that
the law firm DWK has invoiced $17,547 for investigative work performed at $255
an hour by two attorneys from Jan. 26 through Feb. 25. He said the investigation
is ongoing.

"We're still in the thick of it," Koehne said. "The paperwork is voluminous, so
there really is no timetable. They're going through all of the complaints and
allegations and are handling all of the records requests."

Clayton Valley Executive Director Dave Linzey and Ted Meriam, chairman of the
board of directors, said in a news release that a small group of individuals had
been raising complaints for more than a year.

"It's time to stop the political attacks and social smear campaigns," Meriam
said. "Together, we must use our positive energies to continue our school's
great achievements and move forward." But that may be easier said than done.
Besides the ongoing the County Office of Education investigation, the school is
also dealing with the resignation last week of community-at-large member Jim
Killoran, the establishment of a crowdsource site to "save" the school through
legal actions, an unfair labor practices complaint filed by an employee whose
hours were reduced, and the loss of several staff members who have resigned over
the past few months.

"There's so many things that just come one after the other," said Pat
Middendorf, one of the complainants, who was terminated from her administrative
position at the school. "There are many teachers who have resigned since
January."

Jennifer Ferrari, a secretary who resigned in February and is now working in the
Mt. Diablo school district, said she left in large part due to the stressful
work environment at the school. If things don't improve, she predicted that many
more staff members will leave at the end of the school year.

Meriam said he was surprised by Killoran's resignation, noting that Killoran had
a philosophical disagreement with employees being board members. Currently, two
teachers are on the governing board and often have to recuse themselves due to
real or perceived conflicts of interest, Meriam said.

"I'm always aware the charter was founded with the idea that stakeholders would
have a voice," he said. "I think we need to honor that, but I think we perhaps
need to do that better than we're doing now."

MORE INFORMATION

To see the letter from the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office to
Clayton Valley Charter High, as well as community-at-large board member Jim
Killoran's letter of resignation, visit www.contracostatimes.com/education . A
"Save CVCHS Legal Fund" crowdfunding website is at
www.crowdrise.com/savecvchslegaldefensefund . Additional details about Clayton
Valley Charter High are at www.claytonvalley.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Clayton Valley Charter High: District Attorney's Office finds no criminal
wrongdoing

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington tharrington@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: EDUCATION; News

LENGTH: 639 words


CONCORD -- In response to numerous complaints about the operation of Clayton
Valley Charter High, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has
found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

In an April 3 letter to three people who submitted complaints, senior deputy
district attorney Steven Moawad said he found "insufficient evidence ... to
warrant criminal prosecution or additional investigation." Complaints included
alleged Brown Act open meeting law violations, fiscal mismanagement, favoritism
and nepotism, failure to follow policies and bylaws, failure to unite
stakeholders and meet student performance standards, mishandling of sexual
harassment allegations and other concerns, Moawad said.

However, Moawad noted that the Contra Costa County Office of Education, which
does have jurisdiction over the school's charter authorization, is conducting a
separate investigation and that his office would respond if that agency
discovers any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. The County Office could also
revoke the school's charter if it finds wrongdoing, he noted.

Terry Koehne, spokesman for the County Office of Education, said Tuesday that
the law firm DWK has invoiced $17,547 for investigative work performed at $255
an hour by two attorneys from Jan. 26 through Feb. 25. He said the investigation
is ongoing.

"We're still in the thick of it," Koehne said. "The paperwork is voluminous, so
there really is no timetable. They're going through all of the complaints and
allegations and are handling all of the records requests."

Clayton Valley Executive Director Dave Linzey and Ted Meriam, chairman of the
board of directors, said in a news release that a small group of individuals had
been raising complaints for more than a year.

"It's time to stop the political attacks and social smear campaigns," Meriam
said. "Together, we must use our positive energies to continue our school's
great achievements and move forward." But that may be easier said than done.
Besides the ongoing County Office of Education investigation, the school is also
dealing with the resignation last week of community-at-large member Jim
Killoran, the establishment of a crowdsource site to "save" the school through
legal actions, an unfair labor practices complaint filed by an employee whose
hours were reduced and the loss of several staff members who have resigned over
the past few months.

"There's so many things that just come one after the other," said Pat
Middendorf, one of the complainants, who was terminated from her administrative
position at the school. "There are many teachers who have resigned since
January."

Jennifer Ferrari, a secretary who resigned in February and is now working in the
Mt. Diablo school district, said she left in large part due to the stressful
work environment at the school. She predicted that if things don't improve many
more staff members will leave at the end of the school year.

Meriam said he was surprised by Killoran's resignation, noting that Killoran had
a philosophical disagreement with employees being board members. Currently, two
teachers are on the governing board and often have to recuse themselves due to
real or perceived conflicts of interest, Meriam said.

"I'm always aware the charter was founded with the idea that stakeholders would
have a voice," he said. "I think we need to honor that, but I think we perhaps
need to do that better than we're doing now."

MORE INFORMATION

To see the letter from the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office to
Clayton Valley Charter High, as well as community-at-large board member Jim
Killoran's letter of resignation, go to www.contracostatimes.com/education . A
"Save CVCHS Legal Fund" crowdfunding website is at
www.crowdrise.com/savecvchslegaldefensefund . Additional details about Clayton
Valley Charter High are at www.claytonvalley.org .

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

Anderson firefighter denies wrongdoing in molestation case

BYLINE: Aishah Hasnie, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


Nov. 29--The firefighter brother of Anderson Mayor Kris Ockomon denied any
wrongdoing after he was arrested and charged with six counts of child
molestation, sexual misconduct and criminal deviate conduct Tuesday.

Martin Ockomon, 46, was arrested in an Anderson Fire Department PAC t-shirt on
two $20,000 bonds. He later posted bond.

The allegations stem back 21 years and special prosecutor Tammy Napier of
Hancock County alludes to a possible police cover up by Ockomon's brother, a
retired Anderson police officer, in the charging information.

Ockomon is accused of fondling and molesting at least three young female
relatives on numerous occasions during the 1990's. The charging information
claims one victim came forward only with the assistance of a victim's advocate
last year, "due to the victim's continued intimidation and fear of Martin R.
Ockomon."

Napier said that was not the first time anyone heard about the alleged crimes.
She claims "the offense was reported to Roger Ockomon, an officer with the
Anderson Police Department in 1990. However, the prosecuting authority could not
have discovered the evidence by the exercise of due diligence due to the failure
of Roger Ockomon to file a report of the incident with the prosecuting
authority."

Napier told Fox59 News that she could not comment on the on-going investigation
due to the possibility that other individuals could be charged.

Martin Ockomon's attorney, Bryan Williams, told Fox59 his client "obviously
denies all of this."

Williams said Ockomon believes he knows someone is going after him, but that
they "can't go into that now." He said Ockomon is ready to fight back.

"He's in good spirits and ready to clear his name and get on with his life,"
said Williams.

The case is being investigated by Indiana State Police. Meanwhile, the Anderson
Police Department is not making any comments about the investigation.

Mayor Kris Ockomon was the subject of a recent sexual harassment complaint by a
city employee.

___ (c)2011 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111129-5IN-Anderson-firefighter-denies-wrongdoing
-in-molestation-case-1129-20111129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2011 WXIN-TV


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

No wrongdoing found in case against Wally Scott

BYLINE: Steven Henshaw, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


Oct. 01--Reading, Pa

A opponent's allegations of campaign improprieties by Reading mayoral candidate
Wally Scott and his election committee will not result in criminal charges,
Berks County investigators said today.

Chief County Detective Michael J. Gombar said in a press release that
allegations against Scott were investigated and no criminal wrongdoing was
found.

"As a result of the investigation into the allegations lodged against Wally
Scott for Mayor and more specifically "Friends of Wally Scott," no charges will
be filed against the campaign committee or the candidate Wally Scott," the
release states.

Former mayoral candidate Jeffrey Nein first made the allegations to the county
election board four days before the May 19 primary. Nein and five other
Democratic candidates lost the election to Scott.

The first allocation accused a Scott supporter of paying cash to city business
owners if they in turn wrote a business check to "Friends of Wally Scott." The
allegation was that the Scott campaign was trying to hide the true identities of
donors.

"After a thorough investigation, we determined that this allegation was false,"
county investigators said.

The second allegation was that Scott's campaign received 16 contributions from
non-sole proprietorships in violation of Pennsylvania election law.

The county investigation revealed that four contributions that were possibly
questionable were returned when Scott's campaign committee determined there was
possibly a conflict with election law. The other 12 contributions were deemed
legal.

"Therefore, the temporary acceptance of campaign funds from the four businesses
whose nature was not readily apparent, would appear to be the type of minor or
trivial infraction that the Legislature did not intend to punish," investigators
said.

Gombar said the only parties to face criminal charges in the case are Nein and
another man who were charged with violating the state's wiretap laws. The men
are accused of secretly recording a conversation from a city auto shop owner
whom they suspected of being used to "wash" campaign contributions to Scott.

Nein, 57, of the 1300 block of Perkiomen Avenue, and Ricardo Pena, 53, of the
first block of Pacific Avenue, Lower Heidelberg Township, said they visited the
garage owner and asked him about his campaign check while Nein had a tape
recorder running in his pocket, authorities said.

Both men were charged in June with interception, disclosure or use of wire,
electronic or oral communications and conspiracy.

Scott has said his campaign has not been involved in anything illegal and that
he believes the allegations were an attempt to damage his campaign just before
the primary election.

Contact Steven Henshaw: 610-371-5028 or shenshaw@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151001-RE-No-wrongdoing
-found-in-case-against-Wally-Scott-1001-20151001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: South Carolina man cleared of wrongdoing in fatal Hoke County robbery

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 157 words


Dec. 08--RAEFORD -- A South Carolina man who fatally shot a man during a robbery
attempt in October 2013 will not face charges, the Hoke County Sheriff's Office
said Monday.

Tico Goines, whose age was not given, has been cleared of wrongdoing in the
death of 28-year-old Chad Blanks of Shannon, Sheriff Hubert Peterkin said.

Blanks arranged a drug transaction with at least two people, including Goines,
that took place at a home on the 600 block of Goose Pond Road in Red Springs,
Peterkin said.

Blanks planned to rob the people during the transaction, Peterkin said.

When Blanks pulled a gun and attempted to rob the others, Goines, who was armed,
pulled out his gun and shot Blanks, Peterkin said.

A witness provided an account of the events, he said.

- Nancy McCleary

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141208-FY-BRF-South-Carolina-man-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-fatal-Hoke-County-robbery-1208-20141208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

3 Congressmen May Face Further Inquiry

BYLINE: By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 571 words


WASHINGTON -- The Office of Congressional Ethics has found enough evidence of
wrongdoing to recommend further investigation of three House members who held
fund-raising events just days before they voted on financial regulatory
legislation last year.

The referrals to the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct came as
the office recommended dismissing investigations of five other lawmakers, whose
fund-raising just before the December 2009 vote had also come under scrutiny.

The investigation focused on lawmakers who raised money from lobbyists or
executives of financial firms that had objected to provisions of the
legislation.

Each of the three House members -- Representatives John Campbell, Republican of
California; Joseph Crowley, Democrat of New York; and Tom Price, Republican of
Georgia -- criticized the referrals on Tuesday, with two of them saying the
quasi-independent ethics office had not produced evidence of wrongdoing.

''How the O.C.E. arrived at their recommendation is truly a mystery,'' Mr. Price
said in a statement. ''There being no evidence of any wrongdoing or any
inconsistency in my policy position, one can only guess as to the motive behind
their decision or even why they chose to initiate a review in the first place.''

A spokesman for the Office of Congressional Ethics declined to comment on the
cases. But one of the motions recommending a dismissal gave a hint of the
investigators' strategy, saying the lawmaker would have done wrong if he had
''solicited or accepted contributions in a manner which gave the appearance of
special treatment or access was being provided to donors or the appearance that
the contributions were linked to an official act.''

In Mr. Crowley's case, for example, he attended a fund-raising event at the home
of a financial industry lobbyist on the same evening he voted against a series
of amendments to the regulatory overhaul bill that would have required greater
transparency in the trading of financial instruments known as swaps, or banned
certain kinds of swaps altogether. Mr. Crowley ultimately voted in favor of the
legislation.

The two Republicans who are still facing scrutiny voted against the legislation,
which became law in July.

''Congressman Crowley has always complied with the letter and spirit of all
rules regarding fund-raising and standards of conduct,'' his office said Tuesday
in a statement.

The notices of dismissal were sent to Representatives Jeb Hensarling, Republican
of Texas; Christopher Lee, Republican of New York; Frank D. Lucas, Republican of
Oklahoma; Earl Pomeroy, Democrat of North Dakota; and Melvin Watt, Democrat of
North Carolina.

The House ethics committee must now decide if it will formally investigate the
other three cases. It could be several months before any public statement is
made about the matter.

A committee spokesman declined to comment on the referrals.

Mr. Lucas expressed relief over the dismissal, but said the investigation alone
had already caused him and his staff a great deal of stress and political
damage. And he questioned what he said was a new standard that the ethics office
appeared to be trying to impose on House members.

''If holding a general fund-raiser while Congress was in session voting on
legislation that went through one of my committees is in violation of House
ethics rules, then that is a broad new limitation on members' fund-raising
activities,'' he said in a statement.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 13, 2013 Saturday

Perrysburg Twp. police are cleared of wrongdoing in holding-cell suicide

BYLINE: Matt Thompson, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


July 13--A report released by the Ohio Attorney General's Bureau of Criminal
Investigation has found no wrongdoing by Perrysburg Township police officers
when a South Vienna, Ohio, man hanged himself in their holding cell May 14.

Scott Robertson, 41, died four days later at Toledo Hospital. According to a
Perrysburg Township police report, he hanged himself with his belt.

The BCI report concluded that "the cell area was checked, and there was no
positive way to show how Mr. Robertson got to his belt." The investigation
included interviewing all officers involved and looking at video recordings,
photographs, and sketches by crime scene agents, according to the BCI report
released to The Blade this week upon request.

The video recordings showed BCI that Mr. Robertson was left unchecked for 30
minutes, which is in accordance with the department's guidelines of checking
cellmates once an hour. Under the department's policy, however, it states if the
arrested suspect is at "special risk" meaning there is a potential for suicide,
the person is intoxicated, or has other special needs, he or she should be
checked no less than every 10 minutes.

In the Perrysburg Township report, Officer Dustin Glass wrote that Mr. Robertson
told him while en route to the station that his mother died a few months ago and
that his wife recently left him. Officer Glass added in his report he could
smell alcohol on him. Mr. Robertson was charged with suspicion of theft and
assault for an incident at a local Wal-Mart.

The summary report released by the BCI did not address whether any potential
alcohol use by Mr. Robertson was part of the organization's investigation.

The Perrysburg Township report states that when Mr. Robertson took off his boots
while being checked in he kicked them toward the cell. Then Mr. Glass had him
remove his belt. Officer Glass reportedly kicked the boots "toward the chairs
sitting along the wall, and threw the belt on top of his boots."

According to Officer Glass' report, he was typing in the charge when he heard
yelling and came back in to see Mr. Robertson hanging by his belt in the cell.
He wrote in the report that he immediately unlocked the door and cut the belt
wrapped around Mr. Robertson's neck with his pocket knife.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130713-TO-Perrysburg-Twp-police-are-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-holding-cell-suicide-0713-20130713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Oregon State Court Refuses to Enforce Forum Selection Bylaw

LENGTH: 549  words


In Roberts v. TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc., No. 1402-02441 (Cir. Ct. Or. Aug 14,
2014), an Oregon state court, breaking with state courts in California,
Illinois, New York and Texas, held that the bylaw of a Delaware corporation
providing for derivative actions and other intra-corporate claims to be
litigated exclusively in Delaware was unenforceable. TriQuint's board adopted
the bylaw on the same day that it approved entering into a merger of equals with
RF Micro Devices, Inc. In reaching its conclusion, the Oregon court focused upon
the timing of the bylaw's adoption:




Enforcement of the bylaw would not be an issue had the board, at the very least,
adopted it prior to any of its alleged wrongdoing, and with ample time for the
shareholders to accept or reject the change.
The Oregon court cited Galaviz v. Berg, 763 F. Supp. 2d 1170 (N.D. Cal. 2011), a
much-criticized 2011 federal District Court opinion that rejected the
defendants' motion to dismiss a derivative action on the basis of an exclusive
forum bylaw. The Galaviz court highlighted that the exclusive forum bylaw was
adopted after certain alleged wrongdoing occurred. In June 2013, the Delaware
Court of Chancery criticized Galaviz for failing "to appreciate the contractual
framework established by the [Delaware General Corporation Law] for Delaware
corporations and their stockholders." That criticism appeared in Boilermakers v.
Chevron, 73 A.3d 934 (Del. Ch. 2013), which upheld the facial validity of
exclusive forum bylaws adopted by Chevron and Fed Ex.
The Triquint court sought to distinguish Boilermakers by emphasizing that
Boilermakers involved a facial challenge rather than a challenge to the
enforcement of an exclusive forum bylaw in a particular situation. The court
then went on to deny the defendants' motion to dismiss on the basis of public
policy:
Ultimately, the closeness of the timing of the bylaw amendment to the board's
alleged wrongdoing, coupled with the fact that the board enacted the bylaw in
anticipation of this exact lawsuit, and keeping in mind that its enforcement
will have the effect--and Defendants knew it would have the effect--of forcing
the shareholders to accept the bylaw, this court finds that enforcing the
unilaterally enacted bylaw by dismissing this case would be unfair and unjust.


Taken to its logical extreme, the timing argument would impair the ability of a
board to adopt, on a timely basis and without stockholder approval, bylaws that
it believes are in the best interests of the company and its stockholders.
Additionally, the court's conclusion does not take into account that: (a)
Delaware law is clear that bylaw amendments bind all stockholders, regardless of
when they purchase stock, (b) the Delaware Supreme Court has stated that
deterring litigation is not per se impermissible and (c) the bylaw did not
foreclose the plaintiffs' access to the courts. Rather, it directed litigation
to the courts most familiar with Delaware law and where parallel merger
litigation had been filed.

Putting aside whether the opinion was correctly decided, TriQuint signals that
the best time to adopt an exclusive forum bylaw is on a "clear day," rather than
in anticipation of or in response to specific litigation, including merger
litigation.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Martinez resigns; denies any wrongdoing

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


Feb. 06--Former Pueblo Municipal Court Judge William Martinez will get $27,649
in severance pay as part of his resignation settlement with the city of Pueblo.

Martinez signed the agreement and stepped down on Jan. 29. The settlement
specifically says Martinez is not admitting any wrongdoing by resigning and that
he disputes any such allegations.

The judge was put on paid leave in early December after a confrontation
involving a court employee. A police complaint was filed on the incident, but
police Chief Luis Velez would not release it, saying it was referred to the
district attorney's office for further investigation.

District Attorney Jeff Chostner said Thursday that a final decision on the case
hasn't been made.

Martinez's future employment with the city, however, was decided a week ago.
City Manager Sam Azad announced Martinez's resignation to council this past
Monday night.

The settlement says the city also will give Martinez copies of three
investigation reports involving him in 2013, 2014 and last year -- but employee
and witness names will be withheld.

Martinez, a longtime attorney in the Public Defenders office, was hired by
council in July 2012 to replace former Municipal Judge William Alexander, who is
now a district court judge.

Retired Pueblo County Judge Kathleen Hearn has been handling municipal court
cases for the city since December.

Council hasn't made an official decision yet on finding a permanent municipal
judge, but that search is likely to begin soon.

proper@chieftain.com

___ (c)2016 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160206-PB-Martinez-resigns-denies-any-wrongdoing-0206-20160206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2016 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

SBI probe clears Fayetteville police of wrongdoing in 2011 Taser-related death

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


March 22--The State Bureau of Investigation probe into the 2011 Taser-related
death of Michael Evans has exonerated Fayetteville police of any wrongdoing,
District Attorney Billy West said Wednesday morning.

"After a thorough review of the investigative file and after consulting with the
Attorney General's Office, I, along with my senior staff, have determined that
criminal charges are not warranted against any of the law enforcement officers
involved in this incident," West said in an email statement.

The state medical examiner determined that Evans, 56, a Fayetteville political
activist, died from a cocaine overdose Aug. 25 but that an electric shock from
the X26 Taser was one of the contributing factors.

Others included cardiovascular disease and physical exertion as he struggled
with officers while they tried to restrain him, the autopsy report said.

Evans, of the 1100 block of Simpson Street, had four times the lethal amount of
cocaine in his system at his death, the report said.

Police were called to the 100 block of North Eastern Boulevard, near Fuller's
Old Fashion Barbecue restaurant, after receiving reports that Evans was behaving
erratically.

The three officers who responded were told that Evans had been trying to jump on
vehicles as they drove past him, police said.

Police have never identified the officer who used the Taser. Those who responded
to the call were Alexander Leviner, Christopher Crews and Travis Smith,
authorities said.

All were placed on administrative duty until they were cleared by an internal
investigation, police said.

The death prompted Police Chief Tom Bergamine to pull Tasers from use and have
them sent to the manufacturer to ensure they were working properly.

Tests found that five of the stun guns delivered a charge less than specified.

The Tasers were returned to officers in late October.

Staff writer Nancy McCleary can be reached at mcclearyn@fayobserver.com or
486-3568.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120322-FY-SBI-probe-clears-Fayetteville-police-of-wrongdoing
-in-2011-Taser-related-death-0322-20120322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

SBI probe clears Fayetteville police of wrongdoing in 2011 Taser-related death

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


March 21--The State Bureau of Investigation probe into the 2011 Taser-related
death of Michael Evans has exonerated Fayetteville police of any wrongdoing,
District Attorney Billy West said this morning.

"After a thorough review of the investigative file and after consulting with the
Attorney General's Office, I, along with my senior staff, have determined that
criminal charges are not warranted against any of the law enforcement officers
involved in this incident," West said in an emailed statement.

The state medical examiner determined that Evans, 56, a Fayetteville political
activist, died from a cocaine overdose Aug. 25, but the electric shock from the
X26 Taser was one of the contributing factors.

Others included cardiovascular disease and physical exertion as he struggled
with officers while they tried to restrain him, the autopsy report said.

Evans, of the 1100 block of Simpson Street, had four times the lethal amount of
cocaine in his system at his death, the report said.

Police were called to the 100 block of North Eastern Boulevard, near Fuller's
Old Fashion Barbecue, after receiving reports Evans was behaving erratically.

The three officers who responded were told Evans had been trying to jump on
vehicles as they drove past him, police said.

Police have never identified the officer who used the Taser but those responding
to the call were Alexander Leviner, Christopher Crews and Travis Smith,
authorities said.

All were placed on administrative duty until they were cleared by an internal
investigation, police said.

The death prompted Chief Tom Bergamine to pull the Tasers from use and have them
sent to the manufacturer to ensure they were working properly.

The test found that five of the stun guns delivered a charge less than
specified.

The Tasers were returned to officers in late October.

Staff writer Nancy McCleary can be reached at mcclearyn@fayobserver.com or
486-3568.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120321-FY-SBI-probe-clears-Fayetteville-police-of-wrongdoing
-in-2011-Taser-related-death-0321-20120321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

SBI probe clears Fayetteville police of wrongdoing in 2011 Taser-related death

BYLINE: Nancy McCleary, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


March 21--The State Bureau of Investigation probe into the 2011 Taser-related
death of Michael Evans has exonerated Fayetteville police of any wrongdoing,
District Attorney Billy West said Wednesday morning.

"After a thorough review of the investigative file and after consulting with the
Attorney General's Office, I, along with my senior staff, have determined that
criminal charges are not warranted against any of the law enforcement officers
involved in this incident," West said in an email statement.

The state medical examiner determined that Evans, 56, a Fayetteville political
activist, died from a cocaine overdose Aug. 25 but that an electric shock from
the X26 Taser was one of the contributing factors.

Others included cardiovascular disease and physical exertion as he struggled
with officers while they tried to restrain him, the autopsy report said.

Evans, of the 1100 block of Simpson Street, had four times the lethal amount of
cocaine in his system at his death, the report said.

Police were called to the 100 block of North Eastern Boulevard, near Fuller's
Old Fashion Barbecue restaurant, after receiving reports that Evans was behaving
erratically.

The three officers who responded were told that Evans had been trying to jump on
vehicles as they drove past him, police said.

Police have never identified the officer who used the Taser. Those who responded
to the call were Alexander Leviner, Christopher Crews and Travis Smith,
authorities said.

All were placed on administrative duty until they were cleared by an internal
investigation, police said.

The death prompted Police Chief Tom Bergamine to pull Tasers from use and have
them sent to the manufacturer to ensure they were working properly.

Tests found that five of the stun guns delivered a charge less than specified.

The Tasers were returned to officers in late October.

Staff writer Nancy McCleary can be reached at mcclearyn@fayobserver.com or
486-3568.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120321-FY-SBI-probe-clears-Fayetteville-police-of-wrongdoing
-in-2011-Taser-related-death-0321-20120321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2009 Tuesday

Audit: no wrongdoing, but few records: Rule needed on athletic department
finances, independent auditor tells Reading School Board

BYLINE: David Mekeel, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 421 words


Mar. 24--An independent audit of the Reading School District's athletic
department records found neither evidence of wrongdoing -- nor many records.

Certified public accountant Leon A. LaRosa Jr. told the school board Monday
night that financial records for the department for the last two years don't
exist.

The school board ordered the audit after members expressed concern about
athletic department operations under former athletic director Jeff White. White
resigned in November of 2007 to take a position in the Pottstown School
District.

LaRosa of Amper, Politziner & Mattia LLP, Jenkintown, Montgomery County, said
his company investigated the operations and internal controls of the department
for the 2006-07 and 2007-08 fiscal years.

"We did not find any evidence of asset misappropriation," he said.

But LaRosa said his fi ndings weren't surprising, since no one could locate the
department's financial records for those school years. Pennsylvania Association
of School Business Offi cials.

He said that a clear policy on creating the district's overall budget needs to
be in place because the numbers in past budgets fluctuate greatly for not
apparent reason.

LaRosa also said the board should create a full-time audit committee to oversee
audits and policy questions.

Board member Jamie Wertz suggested the board consider the idea in May after
members have time to fully digest the audit.

Dr. Thomas R. Chapman Jr., superintendent, said he plans to have several policy
options to address LaRosa's concerns next month.

He said there are no records of expenditures, revenues or assets.

He also said there isn't an official inventory of the district's uniforms and
equipment.

"You are not in a position to know how old things are, what needs to be
replaced," he said.

LaRosa said the failure to maintain records can't be construed as wrongdoing
because the district didn't have rules on keeping old records.

"As we get into the current year, that has all changed," he said.

LaRosa suggested that the district needs to make sure that it has and enforces
written rules and regulations on record-keeping. He suggested using models
created by the

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090324-RE-Audit-no-wrongdoing-but-few-records-0324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2009 Reading Eagle


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              April 3, 2006 Monday

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 149 words


NEW ORLEANS (AP) - The FBI is looking into allegations of theft and other
wrongdoing by American Red Cross volunteers who distributed relief supplies
after Hurricane Katrina.

A task force probe - which includes state, local and federal authorities - began
after the Red Cross conducted its own investigation and turned over information
to authorities, said Jim Bernazzani, the agent in charge of the FBI's New
Orleans office.

Bernazzani and U.S. Attorney Jim Letten in New Orleans confirmed the FBI's
involvement in the investigation Friday.

"It's important to note that we have no preconceived notion of criminal
wrongdoing," Bernazzani said.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, has said volunteers may have committed criminal
fraud. The accusations include improperly diverting relief supplies and
violating Red Cross rules by using felons as volunteers in the disaster area.

FBIprobes Katrina wrongdoing

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 31, 2012 Friday
                                JERSEY-C Edition

Johnson & Johnson settles Risperdal case for $181 million

BYLINE: By David Sell; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 383 words


Thirty-six states and the District of Columbia will share in $181 million that
Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay to resolve allegations of inappropriate
marketing of the antipsychotic drug Risperdal.

Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware are among the states that filed similar
complaints in their own courts Thursday and will get $8.4 million, $5.3 million,
and $4.2 million, respectively. New York will get $9 million.

Johnson & Johnson has headquarters in New Brunswick, N.J.; its Janssen
Pharmaceuticals subsidiary, which makes Risperdal, is based in Titusville.

New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa's complaint, filed in Superior Court
in Mercer County, alleged that Janssen used "unconscio- nable business practices
and deception," in violation of that state's Consumer Fraud Act.

Janssen issued a statement admitting no wrongdoing in reaching the settlement,
but it agreed to abide by rules limiting how it can promote its products.

"We have chosen this path to achieve a prompt and full resolution of these state
claims and to ensure we continue to focus on our mission of providing medicines
to meet the significant unmet needs of many people who suffer from mental
illness," Michael Yang, Janssen president, said in the statement.

Federal and state investigators have been examining the company's Risperdal
marketing practices for almost a decade. They were spurred at least in part by
Allen Jones, the former Pennsylvania Office of Inspector General investigator
who was fired because he uncovered wrongdoing in how the company marketed the
drug through the state's Medicaid plans.

Thursday's agreement is separate from a continuing federal investigation that
could lead to criminal charges against the company. Reports suggest a settlement
of that investigation could reach $2 billion, and Johnson & Johnson has said in
SEC filings that it has set aside money to pay the bills.

J&J has said it will appeal big-money losses in separate state cases in South
Carolina, Louisiana, and Arkansas; an Arkansas judge penalized the company $1.2
billion. Janssen, however, prevailed in a case brought by Pennsylvania through
the Governor's Office.

Contact David Sell at 215-854-4506 or dsell@phillynews.com, or follow on Twitter
@phillypharma. Read his blog at www.philly.com/phillypharma.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                              March 5, 2004 Friday

Expert advises keeping Pimco;
Morningstar report says allegations of wrongdoing are troubling but not enough
to sell bond funds -- for now.

BYLINE: By MARY ANN MILBOURN , The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 657 words


Pimco bond fund shareholders should hold onto their investments, but consider
selling their Pimco Equity Advisors stock shares amid allegations of wrongdoing,
a Morningstar senior analyst recommended Thursday.

Morningstar, the respected independent investment research firm that issues the
now-familiar star ratings on mutual funds, said the recommendation on the bond
funds was only temporary.

Analyst Eric Jacobson, who wrote the report, said he would change his stance if
he doesn't see quick action by Allianz AG, Pimco's Munich-based parent company,
to either sever the relationship between the Newport Beach bond traders and the
East Coast stock operations or fire the executives responsible for the alleged
wrongdoing.

So far, the only change came this year when Pimco Equity Advisors was renamed
PEA Capital in part to distinguish it from the bond operation. Pimco did not
respond to a request for comment Thursday.

The Morningstar report comes three weeks after the New Jersey attorney general
filed a fraud suit against the Pimco bond operation in Newport Beach, the PEA
Capital stock funds in New York and their shared Pimco Advisor Distributors fund
sales arm in Connecticut.

The complaint claims both the bond and stock operations and their sales arm
allowed Canary Capital Partners LLC, a hedge fund, to ``market time'' -- quickly
move money in and out of funds -- in violation of the mutual funds' prospectuses
and to the detriment of long-term shareholders.

Bill Gross, the Pimco bond funds' chief investment officer, contends the bond
funds are totally separate from the stock operation, they did nothing wrong and
shareholders were not harmed.

He said in an interview last week that it had been a mistake for the 33-year-old
bond operation, the country's most successful family of bond funds, to allow the
lesser- known stock funds to take the Pimco name without more di rect oversight
and control. He said he wanted a ``divorce'' and that there would be discussions
with Allianz about it.

Morningstar has made a variety of recommendations on previous mutual funds that
have been the target of regulators' ever-widening investigations that began last
September. So far it has advised shareholders to consider selling shares in
seven fund families: Alger, Heartland, Invesco, Janus, Nations, One Group, PBHG
and Strong.

Jacobson, the Morningstar analyst, said he found many of the allegations about
Pimco's bond operation disturbing, but that they weren't as conclusive as those
brought against the Pimco stock funds.

The complaint claims Pimco's bond funds had an agreement with Canary that
allowed one round-trip trade a month -- up to 12 a year -- in and out of a fund,
although the prospectus and fund officials limited other shareholders to six
round-trip trades a year.

Gross said bond officials were concerned that Canary already was market timing
through intermediaries and signed the agreement to ensure Canary did not trade
more than six times a year per fund. However, there was no explicit limit in the
agreement to six trades a year, something Jacobson called ``troubling.'' Critics
have called it an open invitation to market time.

Jacobson cited a Pimco e-mail referring Canary's agents to policies in the
prospectus as evidence that Pimco was trying to keep it within the rules.
Critics note, however, that the prospectus language gives Pimco discretion to
allow frequent trading.

Jacobson said the bond operation's previous history of ``excellent management
and a shareholder-friendly management style'' and strong performance also
weighed in its favor.

He saw no mitigating circumstances in the stock funds' behavior.

``Until the firm takes steps to dispel the doubts that this episode has cast of
PEA's commitment to shareholders, investors are better off taking their business
elsewhere,'' Jacobson said.

(714) 796-3646 or mmilbourn@ocregister.com

To see the Pimco report, go online to www.morningstar.com .

More on Business 4

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday

Fayetteville police officer cleared of wrongdoing in August shooting

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 332 words


Jan. 22--A Fayetteville police officer who shot a man in August, after a vehicle
chase that ended on Coley Drive, has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the
incident.

Former District Attorney Ed Grannis, acting on the findings of a probe by the
State Bureau of Investigation, found that Officer David A. West acted properly
when he shot and wounded Jamaal Demetrius Johnson, 21, of the 100 block of
Jasper Street, according to Lt. Chris Davis, Fayetteville police spokesman.

West was put on administrative duty after the incident and returned to regular
patrol duties on Dec. 13, Davis said.

West was on Murchison Road in his police car about 11 p.m. on Aug. 23 when he
saw a red Ford Mustang that had been reported stolen about 30 minutes earlier,
police said.

As West followed the car down Murchison Road, he confirmed with a dispatcher
that it was the stolen car, police said.

West continued behind the car as it turned onto Council Street and then onto
Coley Drive, the street that runs behind the University Place Apartments across
from Fayetteville State University.

West then reported that the Mustang was pulling into a yard, according to
recordings of the police radio conversations during the incident.

Police have said that Johnson, armed with a gun, jumped out of the car and fired
at West, who returned fire.

Johnson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was taken to Cape Fear Valley
Medical Center, where he stayed for several days.

Johnson was charged with robbery with a dangerous weapon, first-degree burglary,
second-degree kidnapping and possession of a firearm by a felon.

He is scheduled to appear in District Court on Feb. 16.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110122-FY-Fayetteville-police-officer-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-August-shooting-0122-20110122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday

Fayetteville police officer cleared of wrongdoing in August shooting

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


Jan. 22--A Fayetteville police officer who shot a man in August, after a vehicle
chase that ended on Coley Drive, has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the
incident.

Former District Attorney Ed Grannis, acting on the findings of a probe by the
State Bureau of Investigation, found that Officer David A. West acted properly
when he shot and wounded Jamaal Demetrius Johnson, 21, of the 100 block of
Jasper Street, according to Lt. Chris Davis, Fayetteville police spokesman.

West was put on administrative duty after the incident and returned to regular
patrol duties on Dec. 13, Davis said.

West was on Murchison Road in his police car about 11 p.m. Aug. 23 when he saw a
red Ford Mustang that had been reported stolen about 30 minutes earlier, police
said.

As West followed the car down Murchison Road, he confirmed with a dispatcher
that it was the stolen car, police said.

West continued behind the car as it turned onto Council Street and then onto
Coley Drive, the street that runs behind the University Place Apartments across
from Fayetteville State University.

West then reported that the Mustang was pulling into a yard, according to
recordings of the police radio conversations during the incident.

Police have said that Johnson, armed with a gun, jumped out of the car and fired
at West, who returned fire.

Johnson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was taken to Cape Fear Valley
Medical Center, where he stayed for several days.

Johnson was charged with robbery with a dangerous weapon, first-degree burglary,
second-degree kidnapping and possession of a firearm by a felon.

He is scheduled to appear in District Court on Feb. 16.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110122-FY-Fayetteville-police-officer-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-August-shooting-0122-20110122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     October 30, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

America's Watchdog 6: Corporate Whistleblower Center Urges Insiders at
Businesses Falsely Claiming they are Minority or Woman Owned to Contact them
about Large Rewards

LENGTH: 514  words


New Delhi, Oct. 30 -- The Corporate Whistleblower Center says, "After featuring
a story on the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise program designed to help women
and minority owned businesses get contracts for federal transportation projects,
we were completely blindsided by the response we received. The large number of
calls we have received about companies falsely claiming they are a minority, or
woman owned business is much larger than we anticipated, and we believe this
problem is much more widespread than we initially believed."



One recent example involved a settlement between the United States and TesTech,
a civil engineering firm, and its owner, CESO, Inc. According to the Department
of Justice, TesTech and CESO agreed to pay $2.88 million for falsely claiming
that TesTech was a minority-owned business.

This case was brought forward by a whistleblower, who will receive a $562,370
reward for his information.

According to the Corporate Whistleblower Center, falsely claiming a minority
status goes beyond federal transportation programs. "Based on what we now know,
these schemes impact every federal agency," says the group. "This includes the
DOD, EPA, Department of Agriculture, HUD, and every other imaginable federal
agency or department."

The Corporate Whistleblower Center wants to hear from any insider who has proof
a company has falsely claimed they are a minority or woman owned business in
order to receive federal grant money. Whistleblowers with well-documented proof
can contact the group anytime at 866-714-6466, provided the wrongdoing involves
awarded federal contracts or grants that exceed one million dollars.
http://CorporateWhistleblowerCenter.Com

Simple rules for a whistleblower from the Corporate Whistleblower Center:

* Do not go to the government first if you are a major whistleblower. The
Corporate Whistleblower Center says, "Major whistleblowers frequently go to the
federal government thinking they will help. It's a huge mistake."

* Do not go to the news media with your whistleblower information. Public
revelation of a whistleblower's information could destroy any prospect for a
reward.

* Do not try to force a government contractor, or corporation to come clean to
the government about their wrongdoing. The Corporate Whistleblower Center says,
"Fraud is so rampant among federal contractors that any suggestion of exposure
might result in an instant job termination, or harassment of the whistleblower.
Come to us first, tell us what type of information you have, and if we think
it's sufficient, we will help find the right law firms to assist in advancing
your information."

* The Corporate Whistleblower Center wants to emphasize there are high quality
whistleblowers in every state including California, New York, Florida, Texas,
Massachusetts, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Tennessee,
North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri, Michigan, Iowa, Indiana,
Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Colorado, Utah,
New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Alaska.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

Fayetteville police officer cleared of wrongdoing in August shooting

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


Jan. 21--A Fayetteville police officer who shot a man in August, after a vehicle
chase that ended on Coley Drive, has been cleared by the State Bureau of
Investigation of any wrongdoing.

Officer David A. West returned to patrol duties on Dec. 13 after the SBI probe
found that he acted properly when he shot and wounded Jamaal Demetrius Johnson,
21, of the 100 block of Jasper Street, according to Lt. Chris Davis,
Fayetteville police spokesman.

West was put on administrative duty after the shooting, Davis said.

West was on Murchison Road in his patrol vehicle about 11 p.m. on Aug. 23 when
he saw a red Ford Mustang that had been reported stolen about 30 minutes
earlier, police said.

As West followed the car down Murchison Road, he confirmed with a dispatcher
that it was the stolen car, police said.

West continued behind the car as it turned onto Council Street and then onto
Coley Drive, the street that runs behind the University Place Apartments across
from Fayetteville State University.

West then reported that the Mustang was pulling into a yard, according to
recordings of the police radio conversations during the incident.

Police have said that Johnson, armed with a gun, jumped out of the car and fired
at West, who returned fire.

Johnson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was taken to Cape Fear Valley
Medical Center, where he stayed for several days.

Johnson was charged with robbery with a dangerous weapon, first-degree burglary,
second-degree kidnapping and possession of a firearm by a felon.

He is scheduled to appear in District Court on Feb. 16.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110121-FY-Fayetteville-police-officer-cleared-of-wrongdoing
-in-August-shooting-0121-20110121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

St Vincent PM denies financial wrongdoing days before election

BYLINE: Whithfield Turner, Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Dec. 08--KINGSTOWN, St. Vincent -- The prime minister of St Vincent and the
Grenadines, Dr Ralph Gonsalves, has issued a forceful denial to claims of
financial wrongdoing on his part.

The claims began circulating on social media on Sunday, three days before
Vincentians vote for a new government on Wednesday.

Via his Unity Labour Party's (ULP) Facebook page, Gonsalves denied holding a
Swiss bank account with millions of US dollars in it.

In a statement issued on Sunday, Gonsalves said he has instructed the Attorney
General Judith Jones Morgan to contact the United States government immediately
under the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty to investigate a fraudulent bank
document said to be proof of an alleged bank account domiciled at an address in
Brooklyn, New York.

He has also instructed the Commissioner of Police Michael Charles to open a
criminal investigation locally into the fraudulent document.

This investigation is said to include any regional or international operatives
currently working in St Vincent and the Grenadines, as well as the involvement
of INTERPOL, the Regional Security System (RSS) and the Joint Regional
Intelligence Fusion Centre of IMPACS to assist in the investigation.

Gonsalves, who is minister of national security and legal affairs, has also
instructed the commissioner of police to alert the director of public
prosecution (DPP) to these investigations.

His statement said it is illegal under American, French, Swiss, European Union
and Vincentian law to fabricate documents and make slanderous and untrue
allegations against individuals.

The statement added that checks confirm that the account number given in what it
called a fraudulent document does not exist.

The prime minister has therefore requested the relevant authorities in St
Vincent and the Grenadines, the United States, Switzerland, France and the
European Union to investigate the matter and bring the perpetrators to justice.

This "monumental lie", the statement said, indicates the extent to which the
opponents of the ULP will go to gain political power.

___ (c)2015 the Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit the
Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151208-1CN-St-Vincent-PM-denies-financial-wrongdoing
-days-before-election-1208-20151208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


        Copyright 2015 Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 12, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Can For-Profit Schools Pass an Ethics Test?

BYLINE: By ERYN BROWN

SECTION: Section 3; Column 1; SundayBusiness; NEWS AND ANALYSIS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1411 words


OVER the last few years, the Apollo Group has watched its profile rise -- mostly
for the right reasons. It has expanded its University of Phoenix to 158
campuses, providing professional and technical degrees to working adults from
Salem, Ore., to Guaynabo, P.R. Enrollment has doubled, to 255,600 students, in
just the last four years. The market capitalization of the company, which earns
a profit, has surged 374 percent over the same period.

But these days, the Apollo Group, based in Phoenix, may be gaining notice of a
less desirable kind. In September, it agreed to pay the federal Department of
Education $9.8 million to settle charges that its recruiting practices violated
Title IV of the Higher Education Act, which regulates how almost $70 billion of
federal grants, loans and work-study programs are distributed to students at
colleges and universities each year.

A Department of Education report asserted that the school based its recruiters'
pay on the numbers of students they brought in, and punished underperforming
recruiters by isolating them in glass-walled rooms and threatening to fire them
if they failed to meet management goals. Enrollment-based incentives and
punishments are sometimes illegal under federal law.

Terri Bishop, a spokeswoman for Apollo, denied any wrongdoing by the company.
''We were not required to change our compensation practices, because we were not
found guilty of the allegations,'' she said.

Recently, a number of for-profit colleges have faced inquiries, lawsuits and
other actions calling into question the way they pursue federal funds.

In the last year, the Career Education Corporation of Hoffman Estates, Ill., has
faced lawsuits, from shareholders and students, contending that, among other
things, its colleges have inflated enrollment numbers. The company, which said
it considered the suits groundless, acknowledged that it was under investigation
by the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission. It
declined to say what the federal officials were investigating. The Justice
Department and S.E.C. declined to discuss this or any other active
investigation.

In February, F.B.I. agents raided 10 campuses run by ITT Educational Services of
Carmel, Ind., looking for similar problems; the company has not been charged
with any wrongdoing.

A routine government audit in December 2003 of student aid programs at Bryman
College in San Jose, Calif., part of Corinthian Colleges, found that it was too
slow to return federal aid to the government after students withdrew from
school, and it incorrectly calculated how much it owed the government and did
not keep proper records, said a department spokeswoman, Jane Glickman.

After that, the Department of Education required Corinthian, which is based in
Santa Ana, Calif., to give its own money to students and then seek reimbursement
from the government. The requirement was lifted on Sept. 22, but the Corinthian
Web site says the S.E.C. opened an investigation on Sept. 16 into its
''projections, financial performance and communications with securities analysts
and investors during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004.''

Such scrutiny may portend tough times for what has been a high-flying,
profitable industry. According to Department of Education statistics, for-profit
post-secondary schools, including those that grant degrees and those that do
not, enrolled 765,701 students in the fall of 2001, the most recent year for
which complete statistics are available. That is almost 30 percent more than the
589,600 they enrolled in 1996.

The schools say they offer practical career training in a time when job
stability has vanished for many people. The Career College Association, an
industry trade group in Washington, reports that 70 percent of the students at
for-profit colleges are the first in their families to go to college. David
Longanecker, a Department of Education official in the Clinton administration
who is now the executive director of the Western Interstate Commission for
Higher Education, a research group in Boulder, Colo., said for-profit colleges
like the University of Phoenix ''are emerging as an important part of the
educational system.''

For-profit education companies also had the best run of any group on Wall Street
from 2000 to 2003, said Howard Block, an analyst at Banc of America Securities
in San Francisco, which does not have a financial interest in Apollo, Career
Education, Corinthian Colleges, or ITT Educational Services, though the bank has
advised some of those companies. Over all, he noted, publicly traded
postsecondary-education stocks rose 460 percent over that period, compared with
a 24 percent loss for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.

But as of last Wednesday, he said, education stocks were up only 4 percent this
year. They have become the targets of short-sellers -- investors who hope to
make money by betting that particular stocks will fall. Jeffrey M. Silber, a
senior analyst at Harris Nesbitt, the investment research unit of the BMO
Financial Group, said some investors had told him they were investigating
suspicious practices themselves.

This is not the first time that the for-profit education sector has come under
fire. In past decades, there were questions about an earlier generation of
schools, and whether some got federal aid by admitting unqualified students --
like people who had not graduated from high school -- or lied about class
offerings and job placement results.

In the late 1980's and early 90's, abuses became so widespread that Congress
rewrote parts of the Higher Education Act in 1992 to crack down on the schools.

Industry officials, analysts and the Career College Association concede that bad
behavior was widespread in the past. But they contend that the current
investigations are a politically motivated attempt to curb their success in
drawing students -- and thus federal financial aid -- away from traditional
nonprofit universities and colleges. ''This is a zero-sum game, and a win for
some is a loss for the others,'' said Dr. Longanecker, who has a graduate degree
in education.

Law-enforcement officials dismiss the idea that the investigations are anything
other than a look at whether the schools and colleges are playing by the rules.
Bill Lockyer, the California attorney general, for example, said he was
reviewing for-profit vocational schools in response to complaints from students.
His spokesman, Tom Dresslar, said Mr. Lockyer was studying whether schools were
inflating graduation rates, placement statistics and graduates' salaries. He is
also trying to determine if for-profit colleges misrepresent faculty members'
credentials and course content.

''The problem is, from the hypothetical student's standpoint, you're out there,
you want to improve your life, and you see this advertisement, with these great
numbers,'' he said. ''You sign up, and to complete the course you need a student
loan, which can get into the tens of thousands of dollars. You graduate and you
find out they lied, and you can't get a decent job. So now you're in a situation
where you have enormous debt.''

WHILE costs at these schools vary, it is generally understood that for-profit
universities ''are priced higher than public nonprofits like community colleges
and state universities and lower than private, nonprofit institutions,'' said
Sean Robert Gallagher, a senior analyst at Eduventures, a firm based in Boston
that provides consulting services for for-profit and nonprofit schools. In its
annual report to the S.E.C., Corinthian Colleges said that a student pursuing an
undergraduate degree from its schools could expect to pay $9,000 a year in
tuition, on average, depending on the number and types of classes.

Federal investigators declined to comment on their work. The S.E.C. and the
Department of Education did not make officials available for interviews, and the
Justice Department did not return phone calls.

In the end, it may not take a huge scandal to cool investors' enthusiasm. Over
the long haul, it may be impossible for all for-profit colleges to sustain the
growth rates the market has come to expect, particularly because the industry is
so heavily regulated.

''The question for investors is, what will change in the way these companies
conduct business -- and will there be implications for the growth rate?'' said
Dr. Block, the Banc of America Securities analyst, who has a Ph.D. in education.



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The University of Phoenix, a network of colleges run by the
Apollo Group, is drawing attention from regulators as well as Wall Street
investors. This campus is in Wayne, Pa. (Photo by Tim Shaffer for The New York
Times)
 In February, federal raids at ITT Technical Institute campuses in Indianapolis
and nine other sites sought evidence of inflated enrollment. No charges have
been filed. (Photo by Michael Conroy/Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday

Banks Can Live with $25B Deal - If It Gets Approved

BYLINE: Kate Davidson

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 177 No. 50

LENGTH: 1223  words


WASHINGTON - The release of the last few details of the $25 billion mortgage
servicing settlement this week revealed a deal that was, overall, not quite as
bad for the banks as many observers and analysts expected.

But several obstacles remain, including getting a judge to approve the
agreement. Among other problems are requests by a trade group that the court cap
modifications of loans owned by investors, and fears that the failure of banks
to admit any guilt or wrongdoing may hurt the settlement's chances of approval.

"Between calls from mortgage bondholders to protect their investments, from
politicians who will see this settlement as allowing for pension groups to have
to pay for the wrongdoings of these servicers, and some of the more ideological
stalwarts who believe that wrongdoing must be established and admitted, I think
there are still some major hurdles," Isaac Boltansky, a research analyst with
Compass Point Research and Trading LLC.

There were few surprises in the hundreds of pages filed in federal court Monday.
Much of the detail was revealed on Feb. 9, when federal officials and attorneys
general from 49 states announced they had struck a $25 billion deal with Bank of
America, Wells Fargo , JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Ally Financial.

In addition to imposing new servicing standards, the deal includes $10 billion
for principal reductions; $3 billion to help underwater borrowers refinance into
cheaper loans; $7 billion for other forms of relief such as payment forbearance
for unemployed borrowers; and $5 billion in cash payments to individual states
and the federal government.

The banks did not, however, admit any wrongdoing or guilt, which some observers
said could open the settlement up to criticism from the court. Last year, Judge
Jed Rakoff issued a scathing rejection of a proposed $235 million settlement
between the Securities and Exchange Commission and Citi in which the bank was
allowed to neither admit nor deny guilt.

"I thought the administration would pick that up as a mode of behavior going
forward, but instead here you have it again," said Cornelius Hurley, director of
the Morin Center for Banking and Financial Law at Boston University.
"Twenty-five billion dollars purportedly, of neither admitting nor denying any
reason why they're paying it. It defies logic."

But sources considered the Rakoff decision an anomaly, and said most people
involved in the process were confident the court would approve the settlement,
with or without the admission.

"You frequently see settlements where there isn't an admission of guilt, and you
almost certainly have to expect that there wouldn't be admissions here," said
Bob Davis, an executive vice president of the American Bankers Association,
"because in certain designated areas, there is still open season for additional
litigation."

Observers were eager to see what kind of credit the banks would receive for
certain relief activities, how the banks would be required to modify loans, and
in particular, how first liens and second liens would be treated under the
settlement.

Brian Gardner, a senior vice president with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, said those
details appear to be beneficial for banks, as the banks would not have to write
down all of the second lien in order to write down loans that have been
securitized. "It does seem to me that banks are not forced under the settlement
to write down loans on their books - be it first or second lien - before they
turn to a securitized loan," Gardner said. "So I would see that as a slight
positive for the banks."

Boltansky agreed that the structure of the monetary component, which lays out
the credit banks will receive, was better for the banks than expected. "It gives
them a little bit of optionality, especially when you start talking about those
second liens, where they're going to get paid 10 cents on the dollar even for
things that are 180 days past due, which generally you won't see anywhere."

Gardner said banks would be wise to tread lightly. While the formula does allow
servicers to write down first-lien mortgages that have been securitized, he said
the settlement also specifically preserves claims that could be brought by
mortgage-backed bondholders.

The formula could be creating a whole separate cause of action, Gardner said.
"It definitely doesn't force [banks] into a particular action, but if they take
a particular action - going after a first-lien mortgage that's been securitized
- then it's possible that you could see some action by bondholders," he said.
"We'll have to wait and see."

The banks and state and federal officials are already getting pushback from
mortgage bondholder trade groups.

The Association of Mortgage Investors, which represents investors of state and
local pension and retirement funds, said Monday that it will ask a judge to
amend the settlement to place a monetary cap on modifications of investor-owned
loans.

"It is unfair to settle claims against the robo-signers with other people's
funds," the statement said. "While we request that it not be done, at a minimum
we request that a meaningful cap be placed on the dollar amount of the
settlement satisfied by innocent parties. Again, restitution should come from
those who are settling these claims, and lien priority must be respected."

Banks will get more credit for writing down second liens on its books than loans
held by others, Laurence Platt, a partner with K&L Gates, wrote in a note to
clients Monday.

For example, the servicer gets a $1.00 credit if it makes a payment to an
unrelated second-lien holder for release of a second lien, but gets only a
20-cent credit if the forgiveness is given by the investor.

The amount of credit banks will receive for writing down second liens depends on
the payment status of the loans. Servicers will get credit for writing down
second liens only when the writedown facilitates a first-lien modification for a
borrower 30 days delinquent or at imminent risk of default, or involves an
occupied property with a second lien that is at least 30 days delinquent or at
risk of imminent default, Platt said.

The settlement does not require a minimum amount of relief for second-lien
loans, but at least 60% of the consumer relief provided by banks must be in the
form of permanent principal forgiveness on qualifying first- and second-lien
loans.

The administration has rebutted claims that the deal would be paid on the backs
of teachers, firefighters and unions.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development issued a fact sheet Monday
emphasizing that investors will not be forced to incur losses, and that
servicers will not be able to write down securitized loans unless contracts with
investors specifically allow it. The agency also emphasized that second liens
will be written down according to the Hamp second-lien program, and that second
liens more than 180 days delinquent will be extinguished.

Boltansky said the 180-day trigger, which was not part of the original Hamp
initiative, could lead to more first-lien writedowns.

"If these institutions are now all agreeing to certain triggers to write down
these second liens, not to mention are getting incentivized 10 to 90 cents on
the dollar for it, it increases the likelihood that they are going to
participate, which would in turn allow for more first-lien modifications," he
said.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      June 29, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Accounting problems hit Xerox: Photocopy giant admits to overstating revenue by
'billions'

SOURCE: The Associated Press; with files from Bloomberg News and The Canadian
Press

BYLINE: John Christoffersen

SECTION: Business; Pg. H1

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: STAMFORD, Connecticut

STAMFORD, Connecticut -- Xerox Corp. announced yesterday that it had overstated
revenue by billions of dollars over the past five years, including $1.9 billion
U.S. that should properly be recorded in the future.

The restatement, in the wake of a series of recent reports of corporate
accounting irregularities, was required under a settlement Xerox reached with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC said in April that
accounting improprieties increased Xerox's pretax profits by $1.5 billion U.S.
from 1997 through 2000.

Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Xerox settled with the SEC by paying a
$10- million U.S. civil penalty, the largest levied against a company for
financial-reporting violations.

The adjustments announced yesterday cover an additional year beyond those
examined before the SEC settlement and reduce revenues and pretax income for
1997, 1998 and 1999 while increasing revenues and pretax income for 2000 and
2001.

As markets were digesting that news, WorldCom Inc. began laying off 17,000
workers worldwide, ending a week that saw the telecommunications giant disclose
a massive accounting scandal that could force it into bankruptcy. WorldCom
revealed Tuesday that its internal auditors had found that $3.8 billion U.S.
were wrongly listed on its books as capital expenses in 2001 and 2002. That
means WorldCom might have actually lost millions of dollars when it was
reporting profits.

Yesterday, the company eliminated about 1,300 jobs in Virginia, 1,000 in Texas,
nearly 700 in Maryland, 500 in Colorado and 250 in California. In other states,
the numbers ranged from a few to a few hundred. The cuts account for about 20
per cent of the workforce of the Clinton, Mississippi, company, which operates
in 65 countries.

WorldCom's Canadian operations consist of offices in Toronto, Montreal, Calgary
and Vancouver for a total workforce of about 300 people. Ten to 20 people were
laid off across Canada, but no offices will be closed in this country, a worker
at WorldCom Canada's Toronto offices said. Analysts have speculated that
WorldCom's Canadian operations -- which sell Web hosting and high-speed Internet
services mainly to business clients -- could be in jeopardy if the company
enters bankruptcy.

Xerox said it would file a statement reflecting the restatement for 1997-2000
and adjustments to 2001.

"Xerox today closes a difficult chapter in the company's history," chairwoman
and chief executive Anne Mulcahy said, "and, we are firm in our resolve to
ensure the highest integrity of the company's financial reporting."

Xerox said total pretax income over a five-year period declined by $1.4 billion
from previously reported amounts.

About $1.9 billion of revenue recognized over past years has been reversed and
will be recognized in the company's future results, beginning this year.
Revenues for 1997-2001 have been reduced by two per cent to $91 billion.

For 1997 through 2001, the company reversed $6.4 billion of previously recorded
equipment sale revenue. That figure was offset by $5.1 billion of revenue that
has been recognized and reported during the same period as service, rental,
document outsourcing and financing revenues.

Another $600 million involved revenue from leases that pre-dated 1997 but had
been improperly included in 1997-2001 reports.

The equipment sale revenue restatement was much larger than expected at the time
of the SEC settlement. Xerox said the increase was primarily due to a change in
the company's lease accounting in Latin America from equipment sales to rental.

Xerox is scheduled to report its second-quarter earnings on July 25.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kilgore News Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

NO WRONGDOING BY OFFICERS

BYLINE: James Draper, Kilgore News Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Aug. 16--About 10 minutes into an armed standoff with police on Hwy. 31, Randy
Ray Vinson fired a shot from his SKS rifle -- he fell from the railing of the
Rabbit Creek Bridge when officers returned fire.

Vinson had shot his sisterin law to death not long before, Gregg County District
Attorney Carl Dorrough reported Thursday, and he wasn't finished.

"As they approached the creek, officers observed Vinson rise up from the water
and retrieve the rifle," he announced in a press release. "At that time officers
fired at Vinson."

The 37-year-old was shot to death, Dorrough confirmed this week: a review of the
incident by a Gregg County Grand Jury Wednesday "found no criminal wrongdoing on
the part of law enforcement officers involved in the fatal shooting" the morning
of Feb. 18 in the 1900 block of the highway near Old Gladewater Road.

Multiple agencies were involved in the case, initially a "man with a gun call"
to 911 dispatchers. The Texas Rangers conducted the investigation into the
incident which saw one Gregg County Sheriff's Office deputy and four Kilgore
police officers placed on administrative leave, standing operating procedure for
both KPD and GCSO.

All the officers, including Kilgore Police Chief Todd Hunter, were cleared for
duty and returned to their respective rosters by mid-March.

The morning of the shooting, Dorrough confirmed Thursday, upon arriving at the
scene emergency responders found Elizabeth Ann Vinson deceased inside a vehicle
parked in the driveway of her home. Witnesses identified Randy Ray Vinson as the
shooter -- he opened fire when his 32-year-old sister-in-law, and her
passengers, pulled up in front of the residence.

"Elizabeth's daughter and cousin were in the vehicle when Randy approached the
vehicle and began firing at Elizabeth," Dorrough noted.

Elizabeth Vinson died of multiple gunshot wounds, a Dallas medical examiner
concluded. The others fled the SUV without injury.

Witnesses told officers the shooter had fled into the woods east of the home,
the DA added.

"As additional officers began arriving, Vinson (emerged) from the woods
approximately 200 yards from the residence. He climbed onto the Highway 31
Rabbit Creek Bridge and stood on the bridge's railing holding a rifle," Dorrough
reported. "While several officers worked to stop passing motorists from driving
into the situation, others pleaded with Vinson to drop the rifle and talk with
them. An ambulance dispatched to the residence was unable to pass as Vinson
threatened to shoot the ambulance if it did not move."

Following Vinson's first shot, fall and the deadly exchange of gunfire with
police, investigators recovered the murder weapon and its 21-cartridge rifle,
Dorrough added.

In early July, the East Texas Peace Officer's Association honored Hunter for his
leadership during the Feb. 18 incident.

"Following the shooting, without concern for himself, he took steps to ensure
the others were OK," Gregg County Sheriff Maxey Cerliano said, ensuring the
officers received the care they needed to cope with the incident. Meanwhile,
Hunter worked "to ensure the integrity of the crime scene and get other
resources in place to conduct a complete investigation."

It was certainly a sad situation, particularly for the Vinson family, Cerliano
added Friday.

"We're very fortunate that we did not get a law enforcement officer injured or
killed that day," he said. Following Thursday's release, "Obviously, the Rangers
presented all of the facts to the grand jury and we agree with their decision."

___ (c)2014 the Kilgore News Herald (Kilgore, Texas) Visit the Kilgore News
Herald (Kilgore, Texas) at www.kilgorenewsherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140816-KQ-NO-WRONGDOING-BY-OFFICERS-0816-20140816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KQ


                       Copyright 2014 Kilgore News Herald


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Editorial: Toxic details emerge from N.J. $250M settlement with
Exxon Mobil

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Mercer County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

There was little hope that closer examination would make the deal New Jersey
tentatively reached with Exxon Mobil over the befouling of the state's
environment smell better.

The governor and the Department of Environmental Protection reassured skeptics
that this was a historic and unprecedented agreement, a victory for the
underdog.

So much for spin. The truth is, the settlement is even more noxious than we'd
originally believed. Its sell-out of New Jersey residents is nearly total.

The full text of the agreement appeared in the New Jersey Register earlier this
week, launching a mandatory 60-day public comment period before a Superior Court
judge gives final approval.

Rather than making us feel better, the report confirmed our suspicions that
Exxon is getting a sweetheart deal beyond all comprehension.

Under the terms of the agreement, the Texas-based oil corporation will pay $225
million for dumping toxins in the waters around two Garden State refineries in
Bayonne and Linden. It's a paltry sum given the $8.9 billion figure that had
long been on the table, a figure toward which the judge in the case was said to
be favorably inclined.

Other facets of the agreement are equally baffling and dismaying.

First, the settlement absolves Exxon from liability in polluting 16 other
industrial sites and hundreds of gas stations in the state, including Trenton
Terminal in Hamilton. The possible damage at these sites has yet to be
determined; letting Exxon off the hook this early in the game means taxpayers
could take an even larger financial hit when those assessments come in.

Second, the state agrees to pay its own freight for the decades of litigation -
dollars that will further chip away at the $225 million award.

There's also this: As part of the settlement, the company will be allowed to
admit to no wrongdoing.

No wrongdoing for dumping toxins into New Jersey's waters? No wrongdoing for
eroding some of our most valuable natural resources? No wrongdoing for allowing
ruptured pipelines and tank failures to despoil 1,500 acres of wetlands, marshes
and meadows?

Thankfully, we're seeing robust push-back to this ridiculous deal. Senate
President Stephen Sweeney says he may pursue legislation that would prevent
Exxon Mobile from using the agreed-on settlement as a tax write-off.

Environmentalists are mounting a campaign to derail the deal, encouraging state
residents to raise their voices during the public comment period.

We second their motion. New Jersey shouldn't be handing over this gift-wrapped
package to a corporation that left its unwelcome detritus behind.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Editorial: Toxic details emerge from N.J. $250M settlement with
Exxon Mobil

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Mercer County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

There was little hope that closer examination would make the deal New Jersey
tentatively reached with Exxon Mobil over the befouling of the state's
environment smell better.

The governor and the Department of Environmental Protection reassured skeptics
that this was a historic and unprecedented agreement, a victory for the
underdog.

So much for spin. The truth is, the settlement is even more noxious than we'd
originally believed. Its sell-out of New Jersey residents is nearly total.

The full text of the agreement appeared in the New Jersey Register earlier this
week, launching a mandatory 60-day public comment period before a Superior Court
judge gives final approval.

Rather than making us feel better, the report confirmed our suspicions that
Exxon is getting a sweetheart deal beyond all comprehension.

Under the terms of the agreement, the Texas-based oil corporation will pay $225
million for dumping toxins in the waters around two Garden State refineries in
Bayonne and Linden. It's a paltry sum given the $8.9 billion figure that had
long been on the table, a figure toward which the judge in the case was said to
be favorably inclined.

Other facets of the agreement are equally baffling and dismaying.

First, the settlement absolves Exxon from liability in polluting 16 other
industrial sites and hundreds of gas stations in the state, including Trenton
Terminal in Hamilton. The possible damage at these sites has yet to be
determined; letting Exxon off the hook this early in the game means taxpayers
could take an even larger financial hit when those assessments come in.

Second, the state agrees to pay its own freight for the decades of litigation -
dollars that will further chip away at the $225 million award.

There's also this: As part of the settlement, the company will be allowed to
admit to no wrongdoing.

No wrongdoing for dumping toxins into New Jersey's waters? No wrongdoing for
eroding some of our most valuable natural resources? No wrongdoing for allowing
ruptured pipelines and tank failures to despoil 1,500 acres of wetlands, marshes
and meadows?

Thankfully, we're seeing robust push-back to this ridiculous deal. Senate
President Stephen Sweeney says he may pursue legislation that would prevent
Exxon Mobile from using the agreed-on settlement as a tax write-off.

Environmentalists are mounting a campaign to derail the deal, encouraging state
residents to raise their voices during the public comment period.

We second their motion. New Jersey shouldn't be handing over this gift-wrapped
package to a corporation that left its unwelcome detritus behind.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

Tougher oversight for commodity trades

BYLINE: BEN PROTESS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission is setting up specialized
enforcement units to expose financial wrongdoing.

FULL TEXT

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission is setting up specialized  units
to expose financial wrongdoing, according to the commission's enforcement chief,
an act that coincides with the agency's assumption of a leading role in the
investigation of MF Global.

David Meister, the enforcement chief, said Monday that he was creating two
squads, one that would examine fraud and manipulation, and the other to take aim
at wrongdoing in the swaps market, a $600 trillion industry at the center of the
2008 financial meltdown.

In recent weeks, Mr. Meister's team has been consumed with MF Global, the
commodities and derivatives brokerage firm once run by Jon S. Corzine, a former
U.S. Senator from New Jersey and former head of Goldman Sachs.

When MF Global collapsed into bankruptcy last month, the firm told regulators
that it could not locate $600 million in customer money. On Monday, the
court-appointed trustee overseeing the liquidation of MF Global estimated that
the shortfall could exceed $1.2 billion.

The move is part of a broader push to revamp the agency's once-quiet enforcement
unit. Under Mr. Meister, a former government prosecutor and once a partner at
the law firm Skadden, Arps, Meagher & Flom, the agency brought 99 enforcement
actions over the last fiscal year, 74 percent more than in the previous year.

Unlike the ''cousin who comes at the holidays,'' Mr. Meister said at a
Practicing Law Institute event in New York on Monday, ''We're here to stay.''

The commission's renewed enforcement crackdown could still meet serious
obstacles. Lawmakers want to keep the agency's budget flat, despite its
heightened authority and responsibility.

Limited resources are also constraining the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.

''We're essentially engaged in a triage exercise,'' George Canellos, the head of
the S.E.C.'s New York office, said at the Practicing Law event, which was geared
to hedge fund enforcement issues.

While Congress promised regulators new resources after the crisis, ''so far
that's been a false promise,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Polson Rural Fire cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Megan Strickland, Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 566 words


Oct. 17--The Lake County Attorney's Office recently issued a letter clearing the
Polson Rural Fire Department of any wrongdoing after investigating claims made
by a Kalispell attorney of possible misconduct.

Lake County Deputy Attorney Wally Congdon did recommend that the board revise
and clarify its policies regarding public participation in the fire department's
board of trustees meetings. Congdon said he investigated the issues raised in a
letter from Kalispell Attorney Kim Christopherson. Christopherson had pointed
out possible violations of open meeting laws, ethics concerns and possible
misuse of county tax money.

"Nobody's doing anything to steal stuff, rip off stuff," Congdon said. "It's
just a question of how to run state government." Congdon noted that Montana is
the only state that has a constitutional requirement for government
transparency.

In his letter to the board Congdon noted that the only explicit instance of
wrongdoing that he observed was the borrowing of gasoline from the fire hall in
Big Arm and the use of Big Arm station trucks to signal people on the lake.

"These incidents seem to have ceased, but did occur previously without
prosecution or written reprimand that I can find," Congdon wrote.

Congdon found that any allegations of misuse of tax money was not legitimate.

"The District has been through the standard state directed audit several times
without incident or concern," Congdon wrote. "There do not seem to be any issues
regarding the books, funds missing or not accounted for."

Congdon did find that the board needs to address some housekeeping issues in
regards to keeping minutes and running meetings.

Congdon pointed out that board members cannot edit or proof meeting minutes
before a public meeting, including electronic edits that include a quorum of the
entire board.

Congdon suggested a reworking of the board of trustee's bylaws in order to
clarify many of the issues brought up in Christopherson's letter.

"While there is a policy adopted in March 2015, regarding membership on the
board and Rural Fire District bylaws, a better guideline for how much process is
open to the public and how much process is not as a personnel matter should be
made," Congdon wrote. "... A public process to smooth this issue out would
help."

Congdon said those with concerns about the fire board should participate in the
organization's public meetings.

"Go to meetings and make meaningful comment," Congdon said. "Remember democracy
is not a spectator sport.

If people have the questions, if people want to know, go participate."

R. Jack Clapp, board chair of the Polson Rural Fire District Trustees, said the
board was satisfied with Congdon's findings and while they had not yet
implemented new policy, the board intends to address the issues Congdon
pinpointed as best it can.

"I think that we are happy with the report insofar as that it did not find any
misconduct on behalf of the board or any of the board members," Clapp said.

Christopherson did not respond to comment for this story and the person she
suggested for possible comment did not want to go on the record about the
investigation or its findings.

Reporter Megan Strickland can be reached at 758-4459 or
mstrickland@dailyinterlake.com

___ (c)2016 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161017-KG-Polson-Rural-Fire-cleared-of-wrongdoing-1017-20161017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2016 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 6, 1994, Saturday

Pony Express protest comes to Atlanta Teamsters picket courier's customers

BYLINE: By Richard Greer STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section B; Page 3

LENGTH: 308 words


The Teamsters union increased pressure on Pony Express Courier Corp. on Friday,
bringing a five-state bus trip of striking workers to one of the courier's major
customers in downtown Atlanta.

Dubbed the "Journey for Justice," about 50 striking drivers, most from
Pittsburgh, picketed Wachovia Bank on Peachtree Street. They want Wachovia to
stop using the courier.

"We believe Wachovia has a responsibility to the community," said Cynthia Kain
of the Teamsters.

A Wachovia spokesman said the bank would have no comment.

Pony Express has about 100 union workers in Atlanta, and they are expected to go
on strike Monday, union officials said. That would put about 600 of the
courier's 4,000 Teamsters workers on strike. Workers in Pittsburgh; Charleston,
W.Va.; and Louisville, Ky., already have walked out.

The workers voted to join the Teamsters two years ago, but they still have no
contract. The National Labor Relations Board has accused the company of more
than 120 labor law violations, including failure to negotiate. Hearings on the
allegations are ongoing.

Workers have told stories of being forced to drive more than 20 hours straight,
working 60 hours a week without overtime pay and trying to live off less than $
5 an hour without benefits.

They say drivers are falling asleep at the wheel, coming to work sick for fear
of firing and handling hazardous materials without proper equipment or training.

Spokesmen for Charlotte-based Pony Express declined to comment on the dispute.
Officials with Borg-Warner Corp., which owns the courier, could not be reached
for comment Friday. In the past, they have denied the union's charges.

Besides Wachovia, the Teamsters have targeted other customers, including the
Federal Reserve Bank, in an attempt to pressure the courier into signing a
contract acceptable to the workers.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942190044

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Archdiocese admits wrongdoing in abuse case

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 601 words


ST. PAUL, Minn. * The Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis publicly admitted
wrongdoing Wednesday for the way it handled sexual abuse allegations against a
former priest, while prosecutors dropped criminal charges that alleged the
archdiocese turned a blind eye to his repeated misconduct.

The admission was part of an agreement in a lawsuit that calls for Archbishop
Bernard Hebda to personally participate in at least three and likely more
restorative justice sessions with abuse victims. The archbishop took the unusual
step of attending the Wednesday hearing where the agreement was announced.

Ramsey County prosecutors filed civil and criminal charges against the
archdiocese last year. The six gross misdemeanour child endangerment charges
against the archdiocese involved Curtis Wehmeyer, who is serving prison time for
molesting two boys in Minnesota and a third in Wisconsin. He was ultimately
removed from the priesthood.

Also Wednesday, a prominent attorney for abuse victims, Jeffrey Anderson,
accused the Vatican of interfering in a law firm's investigation into alleged
misconduct by Hebda's predecessor, Archbishop John Nienstedt.

The civil case was settled in December under a plan that allowed for more
oversight of the church. But attorneys for both sides used Wednesday's hearing
on progress in the civil case to announce new steps aimed at reinforcing that
agreement.

"The Archdiocese admits that it failed to adequately respond and prevent the
sexual abuse" of the three victims, the archdiocese said in papers filed
Wednesday. "The Archdiocese failed to keep the safety and wellbeing of these
three children ahead of protecting the interests of Curtis Wehmeyer and the
Archdiocese. The actions and omissions of the Archdiocese failed to prevent the
abuse that resulted in the need for protection and services for these three
children."

Nienstedt resigned from his post 10 days after the criminal charges were filed
in June 2015. Hebda, who took over about a year ago, apologized for the
archdiocese's failures at a news conference later Wednesday.

"Those children, their parents, their family, their parish and others were
harmed. We are sorry. I am sorry," Hebda said.

Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said the victims' family appreciated the
admission of wrongdoing, supported the measures to strengthen the settlement and
backed his decision to drop the criminal charges.

"They were moved and satisfied that justice had been done," the prosecutor said.

Choi also defended his decision not to file criminal charges against Nienstedt
or other senior church officials in the Wehmeyer case, saying there wasn't
enough evidence against any individual for a conviction, though there was
against the archdiocese. He also said the protections under the settlement are
stronger than anything the court could have ordered.

Other changes announced Wednesday extend the court's oversight until February
2020. And the archdiocese named nationally recognized child welfare advocate
Patty Wetterling to its Ministerial Review Board, which examines abuse claims
involving priests.

Anderson levelled new accusations against top church officials for their
handling of Nienstedt, who agreed in January 2014 to let outside attorneys
examine his conduct at a time the archdiocese was being heavily criticized.

He cited a newly released 2014 memo from the Rev. Daniel Griffith, one of the
archdiocese's key leaders for ensuring the safety of children, in which Griffith
raised concerns that Nienstedt's "social relationship" with Wehmeyer had clouded
his judgment. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Oxford judge claims no wrongdoing

BYLINE: Denise G. Callahan, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


March 15--COLUMBUS -- The Oxford judge and his new attorney maintain the minor
misdemeanor files he sealed were properly kept secret, and he can't reveal them
now unless the Ohio Supreme Court orders him to.

Judge Rob Lyons' new attorney George Jonson filed a response Thursday denying
any wrongdoing in the high court case filed by a local newspaper. Lyons has
sealed 3,402 criminal cases since 2007 -- exponentially more than the other area
courts -- and used the wrong state statute to seal some of them.

The issue of sealing records surfaced recently after a local newspaper sued
Lyons in the Ohio Supreme Court when he sealed the record of the author of a
rape flier displayed at Miami University Oxford. A Miami University student was
charged last year after he posted a "How to get away with rape" flier on campus.

There is a second suit now asking to unseal all the records the judge may have
erroneously sealed.

Under the law, convicted felons must wait three years before they can apply to
have their records sealed. People convicted of misdemeanor crimes must wait a
year, and people who have been acquitted, or otherwise had their case tossed,
can apply immediately.

Lyons said he has always sealed minor misdemeanor cases immediately, and the
practice went on in the Area I Court long before he got there. Jonson said in
his opinion state law allows this practice because the statute is "silent" on
the issue of minor misdemeanors.

"It's kind of a words matter thing," Jonson said. "If the statute is silent,
then it doesn't cover what's not discussed. So since there is no statute that
says you have to wait a certain period of time to seal minor misdemeanors, the
judge's position is that he may immediately do so."

Lyons told the JournalNews last month he can't talk about the Supreme Court
case, but said there are good reasons for sealing records and new legislation
backs him up.

"Somebody who wants a job promotion or is applying for a job, whether they are
in college or not, has a very valid reason for having their record sealed," he
said. "And the law just changed in September and that was part of the push in
Ohio by the legislature. It was to make record sealing more available because of
the job market, to let more people be able to work."

Unsealing all of his now-secret cases is just not something Lyons is allowed to
do, unless the high court orders him to, according to Jonson.

"One of the obstacles we're faced with here is you can't even draw a circle
around how many of the sealed files were minor misdemeanors and how many of them
were misdemeanors, because you have to open the file to see what it was," Jonson
said.

He has also been using a form for years that cites the wrong section of the Ohio
Revised Code for sealing records. He has been using the code that deals with
people who have been acquitted or charges dismissed for defendants who have been
convicted of minor misdemeanors.

In light of this development, Prosecutor Mike Gmoser instructed his assistant
prosecutor in that court to object to every sealing request for defendants who
have been found guilty. Because this creates the appearance of a conflict of
interest, Gmoser asked the Butler County commissioners to approve hiring another
lawyer for Lyons, hence Jonson's appointment.

___ (c)2013 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130315-HL-Oxford-judge-claims-no-wrongdoing-0315-20130315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2013 The Journal-News


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Options scandal in U.S. set to grow further;
MARKETPLACE by Bloomberg

BYLINE: Robert Schmidt and Otis Bilodeau

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Investigations into stock options grants, which have ensnared more than 80 U.S.
companies including UnitedHealth Group and Home Depot, may involve dozens more,
according to U.S. officials, securities lawyers and executive-pay specialists.

The U.S. Justice Department as soon as this week may bring its second criminal
case involving stock option awards, coupled with a civil suit from the
Securities and Exchange Commission, said two people with direct knowledge of the
case who declined to be identified because the case is not public.

The broad inquiry has turned into the country's biggest investigation of
corporate malfeasance since a look into improper mutual fund trading three years
ago led to $4.3 billion in penalties. The latest investigation of companies,
already buffeted by five years of financial scandals, suggests that corporate
promises to root out executive wrongdoing failed, at least in the eyes of some
investors.

''It really calls profoundly into question the assertion we've heard innumerably
over the years from the business community that they've cleaned up the mess,''
said Damon Silvers, associate general counsel at the AFL-CIO, whose union
members invest in pensions with $5 trillion in assets. ''This thing is going to
get bigger before it gets smaller.''

The as-yet unannounced second U.S. Justice Department case will follow charges
of security fraud on July 20 against Gregory Reyes, former chief executive
officer at Brocade Communications Systems, a computer equipment maker based in
San Jose, California. The chief executive accused of criminal wrongdoing in the
scandal, Reyes will plead not guilty to securities fraud charges, his lawyer,
Richard Marmaro, said.

So far, the investigations, led by the SEC in cooperation with federal
prosecutors, have resulted in the firing of 19 executives. Prosecutors are
scrutinizing the backdating of options, in which companies retroactively set the
grant dates to a period when the stock was at a low point. Backdating options
and other forms of manipulation, like awarding them right before the
announcement of good news, increases the chances they will be profitable.

At least seven U.S. attorneys in five states have opened investigations.
Prosecutors in New York, Boston, San Francisco, Los Angeles, St. Louis and
Newark, New Jersey, are looking for evidence of criminal misconduct.

Reyes's lawyer, Marmaro, said that he believed the government would indict his
client by next week and asked for a conference Friday on his motion to dismiss
the case. Reyes was charged in a criminal complaint, which does not require a
grand jury's assent.

Some companies, like Apple Computer, are conducting internal reviews.

The tax authorities also are getting involved. Mark Everson, commissioner of the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service, ordered the agency's audit staff last month to
review as many as 40 companies and their executives to determine whether they
owed millions of dollars in unpaid taxes from manipulating options.

Kevin Ryan, the U.S. attorney in San Francisco, said last month that he had set
up a task force to focus on companies in Silicon Valley, where cash-strapped
technology companies used options during the 1990s to attract and retain
workers. The next week, the SEC chairman, Christopher Cox, participated in a
news conference in San Francisco in which criminal charges were announced
against Reyes and Stephanie Jensen, Brocade's former human-resources chief.

The wave of financial fraud that was uncovered in 2001, beginning with Enron,
enflamed public opinion because executives ran their companies into bankruptcy,
while enriching themselves. The fraud at companies like Enron and WorldCom cost
thousands of jobs and wiped out billions of dollars in pensions, savings and
stock value. It also led Congress in 2002 to pass the Sarbanes-Oxley law, which
toughened reporting requirements for companies and increased penalties for
financial crime.

In contrast, the stock option scandal has not yet forced any companies to
collapse.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Move to prevent class action suits is a setback for workers

LENGTH: 647  words


Class actions are the only practical way for ordinary Americans to challenge
corporate wrongdoing, since corporate theft - up to many thousands of dollars
per person - will rarely justify the expense of an individual lawsuit.
Yet, it has become increasingly common for companies to write clauses in their
contracts with consumers and employees that purport to forbid them making class
action claims against the company. These clauses are often buried in the fine
print of "take it or leave it contracts" such as those dealing with cell-phone
service, banking, or job applications.


This language, if enforced by the courts, has the effect of protecting corporate
wrongdoing from any realistic legal redress by ordinary citizens. In 2011, a 5-4
majority of the Supreme Court upheld the use of class action waivers to prevent
consumer class actions against corporate fraud. The decision was widely and
justly criticized. Now a recent 2-1 ruling by a panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals has extended the Supreme Court's consumer class action ruling
to the rights of workers.
This ruling threatens to take U.S. labor law back to pre-New Deal days of
corporate dominion. The case, Fort Worth-based D.R. Horton Inc. v. The National
Labor Relations Board, decided this month, allows companies to ban class actions
by employees. Employee class actions typically are brought to address minimum
wage and overtime violations, discrimination or theft of pensions.
The 5th Circuit's opinion subverted two federal laws that have been the backbone
of national labor policy for over 75 years. These laws - the National Labor
Relations Act and the Norris LaGuardia Act - were enacted specifically to ensure
that workers had the right to engage in concerted activities for "mutual aid or
protection." These laws benefitted all workers, not just those in unions. They
were based on widespread public recognition of the fact that unfettered free
enterprise had led to an impoverished, overworked citizenry. It is generally
agreed that these statutes have played a significant role in upgrading the
economic status and dignity of American workers.
In the D.R. Horton case, the National Labor Relations Board issued in 2012 a
persuasive opinion reaffirming that class waivers in arbitration agreements
violate workers' rights under the law. The labor board's position was firmly
rooted in the language of the National Labor Relations Act and the Norris
LaGuardia Act, which specifically declare the right of workers to act in
concert.

And the Norris LaGuardia Act also states that any promise in conflict with the
public policy granting employees the right to engage in concerted activities
"shall not be enforceable in any Court of the United States."
The 5th Circuit's decision gives priority to an expansive and unjustified
reading of the Federal Arbitration Act, according to which arbitration clauses
must be enforced by the federal courts "according to their terms." This
conclusion ignores the explicit language of the Norris LaGuardia Act that any
promise not to act collectively "shall not" be enforced by the Courts.
Under the 5th Circuit's ruling, corporations can now break federal labor law
secure in the knowledge that the courts will protect their self-bestowed
immunity from the law. The ruling takes labor law back to the 1800s when
employers could set any terms of employment and workers could either take it or
go without a job.
The D.R. Horton decision can and should be reversed - either by the full 5th
Circuit or by the Supreme Court. Congress also could reverse the effect of the
decision by clarifying the Federal Arbitration Act and similar state laws.
Consumers and workers must become aware of these class waivers, avoid them
wherever possible and demand that their legislators take steps to prohibit
them.<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

You bet I did it! Falcone admits wrongdoing in SEC settlement

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 524 words


Well, this is a first for Wall Street: a hedge fund honcho admits he wronged his
investors.

Billionaire Phil Falcone, the head of Harbinger Capital Partners, agreed to
admit to wrongdoing under a landmark settlement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

The agreement is the first to require such an admission since SEC chief Mary Jo
White announced that the agency would no longer allow some defendants to cop out
of cases "without admitting nor denying" wrongdoing, legal experts said.

The settlement, which must still be approved by a federal court judge, comes
after White and other SEC commissioners rejected an earlier deal that they felt
amounted to a wrist slap for Falcone.

Falcone will also be barred from the securities industry for at least five years
- up from just two years under the earlier deal - and pay $18 million to settle
allegations of improper dealings .

The SEC sued Falcone in June 2012 for putting his "lavish lifestyle," including
a $39 million estate in St. Bart's, ahead of the interests of his investors.

The Wall Street watchdog said he wrongfully borrowed $113 million to pay his
taxes while barring investors from making withdrawals. He also improperly gave
certain large investors favorable withdrawal terms over other investors, the SEC
said.

"I believe putting these issues behind me now is the best course of action for
me and our investors," Falcone said in a statement.

The fallen hedgie said the deal will allow him to focus on his publicly traded
entity, Harbinger Group, and his wireless venture LightSquared, which is
struggling to emerge from bankruptcy.

The Harbinger hedge fund, which once boasted $26 billion in capital, will be
unwound with the help of an independent monitor. Falcone will assist with the
funds' liquidation, which is tethered in part to a $3 billion investment in
LightSquared.

"The public wants people to admit their guilt," said John Coffee, a securities
law professor at Columbia University.

The SEC's deal with Falcone suggests that the SEC is finally recognizing "what
the public really wants" from regulators, Coffee said.

White's decision to require at least some defendants to admit wrongdoing follows
a recent uprising against her predecessors' policy of allowing defendants to
"neither admit nor deny" wrongdoing when settling cases.

The revolt was kicked off in 2011 by outspoken Manhattan federal judge Jed
Rakoff. He rejected the SEC's $285 million settlement with Citigoup, saying the
public had a right to know the truth of the SEC's allegations against Citi.

"We are going to, in certain cases, be seeking admissions going forward," White
told an audience at a conference in June. "Public accountability in particular
kinds of cases can be quite important, and if we don't get them, then we
litigate them."

Falcone, a hockey player at Harvard who rose to hedge-fund fame betting against
subprime mortgages ahead of the housing meltdown, also admitted to orchestrating
a short squeeze in 2006 by buying up all the bonds of a Canadian company that he
knew was a target of short sellers.

kwhitehouse@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -The SEC settlement with hedgie Phil Falcone-seen here with fashionista
wife Lisa Maria - includes an $18 million fine, a five-year securities ban and,
most surprisingly, an admission of wrongdoing. [Post photo composite]-Smackdown:
Rather than borrowing against assets - like his $39 million St. Barts villa
(pictured)-Falcone admitted he arranged an improper loan to pay his personal
taxes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

SBI: No criminal action in Holden Beach land buy

BYLINE: Hannah DelaCourt; Hannah.DelaCourt@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 301 words


BOLIVIA | N.C. State Bureau of Investigation officials found no evidence of
criminal wrongdoing in Brunswick County's Holden Beach land purchase in
December 2014.

Agent Mike East of the SBI's Financial Crimes Unit of Raleigh told Brunswick
County Manager Ann Hardy that his office, with assistance from the Brunswick
County Sheriff's Office  Financial Crimes Division, conducted a limited inquiry
into the purchase of land for a county park in Holden Beach.

East told Hardy that all individuals interviewed were fully cooperative and the
SBI did not find any  evidence of criminal wrongdoing.

East further told Hardy that, at the conclusion of the bureau's limited inquiry,
it provided information to Tammy Smith, N.C. chief financial crimes resource
prosecutor in Raleigh, and her office concurred with the findings of no criminal
wrongdoing in regard to the land purchase.

The purchase has been the subject of great controversy among residents over the
past four months.

The commissioners voted 3-2 in December to buy about 35 acres near Holden Beach
for a nature park for $3.5 million, a price that many residents said was far
greater than the worth of the land. The county's tax department listed the tax
value for a 32-acre section at $1.2 million and about $500,000 for two adjoining
parcels.

Since the purchase, residents have continually attended commissioners meetings
to voice outrage over the purchase, stating that those who voted in favor
disregarded their constituents' wishes and that the money could have been used
for other needs within the county.

Opponents say that every person at the December meeting spoke out against the
purchase of the land. Board Vice Chairwoman Pat Sykes and Commissioner Randy
Thompson voted against the purchase.

Hannah DelaCourt: 910-343-2075

On Twitter: @HDelaCourtSN

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             August 9, 2013 Friday

Swiss store denies wrongdoing in Oprah 'racism' spat

LENGTH: 461  words


A Swiss luxury boutique denied any wrongdoing Friday after US chat show queen
Oprah Winfrey claimed she had been the subject of racism when a shop assistant
allegedly refused to show her an expensive handbag.

US chat show queen Oprah Winfrey speaks onstage at the 28th Annual Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony in Los Angeles on April 18, 2013. A Swiss luxury
boutique denied any wrongdoing Friday after Winfrey claimed she had been the
subject of racism when a shop assistant allegedly refused to show her an
expensive handbag.

Winfrey, one of the richest women in the world, said she had been in Zurich for
US singer Tina Turner's wedding in July and had spotted a swanky crocodile
handbag while out shopping.

"I'm in a store, a name-brand store. I'm by myself, absolutely nobody else with
me. And I say to the woman, 'I would like to see that bag on the shelf',"
Winfrey told fellow US talk show host Larry King on Internet channel ora.tv.

"And she says, 'No, that one's too expensive. I'll show you this one'," said
Winfrey.

She did not directly describe the incident as racist, but recounted it after
telling King of a "racist moment" in New York years ago when she and her
hairdresser were refused entry to a luxury store which had been robbed by two
black people.

Trudie Goetz, head of the Swiss luxury chain Trois Pommes, denied her saleswoman
had ever sought to stop Winfrey buying the bag.

"Everyone wants to sell a crocodile bag," Goetz told AFP.

"It's a misunderstanding," she said, adding that the saleswoman always put the
customer first and tried to be "too kind".

"She explained how beautiful the bag was, then she said, 'Honestly this bag
costs 35,000 Swiss francs, but I can show you other versions in ostrich, in pure
leather and in velour'," Goetz said.

That sum is worth $38,000 -- small change for Winfrey, whose wealth is estimated
at $2.8 billion by Forbes magazine.

On its Twitter feed, Switzerland Tourism apologised and said the saleswoman had
behaved inappropriately.

Winfrey joked that she had been tempted to buy up the entire store, recalling a
scene in the movie "Pretty Woman" where Julia Roberts' prostitute character has
the last laugh in a snobbish shop.

"I wanted to create a Pretty Woman moment and come back and buy everything and
say, 'Big mistake!'. But then I thought she'd get a commission, so let's not do
that," she told King.

Goetz said no disciplinary action was planned against the saleswoman.

"She's a great person. She's highly qualified. She also works in the shop in St
Moritz and she takes care of prestigious clients," she said.

Trois Pommes was still considering how to respond to the claims, and would take
legal advice, she added.

Winfrey, 59, was last month named the most powerful celebrity in the world by
Forbes.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             August 9, 2013 Friday

Swiss store denies wrongdoing in Oprah 'racism' spat

LENGTH: 461  words


A Swiss luxury boutique denied any wrongdoing Friday after US chat show queen
Oprah Winfrey claimed she had been the subject of racism when a shop assistant
allegedly refused to show her an expensive handbag.

US chat show queen Oprah Winfrey speaks onstage at the 28th Annual Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony in Los Angeles on April 18, 2013. A Swiss luxury
boutique denied any wrongdoing Friday after Winfrey claimed she had been the
subject of racism when a shop assistant allegedly refused to show her an
expensive handbag.

Winfrey, one of the richest women in the world, said she had been in Zurich for
US singer Tina Turner's wedding in July and had spotted a swanky crocodile
handbag while out shopping.

"I'm in a store, a name-brand store. I'm by myself, absolutely nobody else with
me. And I say to the woman, 'I would like to see that bag on the shelf',"
Winfrey told fellow US talk show host Larry King on Internet channel ora.tv.

"And she says, 'No, that one's too expensive. I'll show you this one'," said
Winfrey.

She did not directly describe the incident as racist, but recounted it after
telling King of a "racist moment" in New York years ago when she and her
hairdresser were refused entry to a luxury store which had been robbed by two
black people.

Trudie Goetz, head of the Swiss luxury chain Trois Pommes, denied her saleswoman
had ever sought to stop Winfrey buying the bag.

"Everyone wants to sell a crocodile bag," Goetz told AFP.

"It's a misunderstanding," she said, adding that the saleswoman always put the
customer first and tried to be "too kind".

"She explained how beautiful the bag was, then she said, 'Honestly this bag
costs 35,000 Swiss francs, but I can show you other versions in ostrich, in pure
leather and in velour'," Goetz said.

That sum is worth $38,000 -- small change for Winfrey, whose wealth is estimated
at $2.8 billion by Forbes magazine.

On its Twitter feed, Switzerland Tourism apologised and said the saleswoman had
behaved inappropriately.

Winfrey joked that she had been tempted to buy up the entire store, recalling a
scene in the movie "Pretty Woman" where Julia Roberts' prostitute character has
the last laugh in a snobbish shop.

"I wanted to create a Pretty Woman moment and come back and buy everything and
say, 'Big mistake!'. But then I thought she'd get a commission, so let's not do
that," she told King.

Goetz said no disciplinary action was planned against the saleswoman.

"She's a great person. She's highly qualified. She also works in the shop in St
Moritz and she takes care of prestigious clients," she said.

Trois Pommes was still considering how to respond to the claims, and would take
legal advice, she added.

Winfrey, 59, was last month named the most powerful celebrity in the world by
Forbes.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     August 8, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

Jack Grubman, the fall guy: Once one of Wall Street's most influential and
bullish telecom analysts, the man who hyped WorldCom and Global Crossing started
with nothing and seems destined for even less. Michael Rubinkam reports.

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Michael Rubinkam

SECTION: Business; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA

PHILADELPHIA - Jack Grubman emerged from working-class Phila-delphia more than
30 years ago with little more than an aptitude for numbers and a reputation as
someone who was going places.

That place was Wall Street, where Mr. Grubman became one of the most influential
and highest-paid securities analysts of the 1990s, pulling down a reported $20
million U.S. a year during the stock market boom.

Mr. Grubman specialized in the high-flying telecommunications sector, and he
remained one of its biggest cheerleaders -- right up until the business collapse
that spurred allegations of massive accounting fraud and decimated trillions of
dollars in investors' paper wealth.

The once-celebrated analyst is now under fire for hyping WorldCom Inc., Global
Crossing Ltd. and other telecom companies while his investment firm, Salomon
Smith Barney, did business for them.

Mr. Grubman and Salomon deny any wrongdoing. Mr. Grubman, testifying before the
House financial services committee last month, said he had no idea that WorldCom
executives hid $3.8 billion U.S. in company expenses from investors. Still, he
acknowledged remaining bullish on WorldCom for too long: "I certainly made
mistakes."

Now, it has emerged that Mr. Grubman wrote a $100,000 cheque that the Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee received the very day he was subpoenaed to testify
before Congress. The contribution, which The Wall Street Journal called Mr.
Grubman's biggest political contribution ever, was solicited by the committee, a
spokeswoman said.

It's been an abrupt fall from grace for the intense, self-described "telecom
junkie" whose favourable research reports once moved markets.

The 48-year-old was raised in a working-class section of northeast Philadelphia.
His father, Izzy, was a professional boxer and municipal worker. His mother,
Mildred, worked in a dress shop.

Young Jack worked as a bus boy, loaded packages and sold beach umbrellas during
summers in Atlantic City, New Jersey. At Northeast High School, he played
clarinet in the marching and concert bands and was a three-year member of the
debate team. He made National Honor Society his junior and senior years.

"Jack was a very smart and aggressive guy," Jacob Zamansky, who double-dated
with Mr. Grubman at their prom, said. "I had the feeling he would be a success
in whatever he chose to do."

Mr. Zamansky, a New York lawyer whose firm specializes in securities litigation,
is now suing the analyst on behalf of a 60-year-old man who claims he had to
file for bankruptcy after his Global Crossing stock lost more than $450,000 U.S.

"I didn't even realize it was the same Jack Grubman," Mr. Zamansky said. "There
weren't a lot of people from northeast Philly who went to Wall Street or even
left Philly. We were some of the few who left town."

After graduating in 1971, Mr. Grubman headed to Boston University, where he
majored in mathematics. He got a master's degree in mathematics from Columbia
University and went to work for AT&T in 1977.

Years later, Mr. Grubman changed parts of his past. His official biography said
he got his undergraduate degree from MIT, a deception revealed by Business Week
magazine two years ago.

Mr. Grubman, who declined comment for this story, told the magazine it was "a
stupid mistake on my part," adding: "At some point, I probably felt insecure,
and it perpetuated itself."

An amateur boxer in high school, he also claimed to be from south Philadelphia,
a more colourful section of the city that Sylvester Stallone made famous in
Rocky.

Salomon spokeswoman Susan Thomson said Mr. Grubman, who continues to publish
research reports, has the company's full support.

"He's an active member of our research team," she said, "and that kind of speaks
for itself."

The company also pointed out that Mr. Grubman's bullish stock picks always came
with warnings that the investments were high-risk.

Jim Cramer, a stock commentator and former hedge fund manager, said Mr. Grubman
has been unfairly set up as a fall guy.

"We are all mad because we all lost so much money," Mr. Cramer wrote in a column
on TheStreet.com. "But we sure as heck weren't upset when Grubman was making us
money hand over fist. If you think Grubman committed a crime, believe me, you
are applying laws to his behaviour that didn't exist at the time."

Still, the U.S. attorney in Manhattan is investigating stock research at
Salomon, including the work of Mr. Grubman and other analysts, The Wall Street
Journal has reported.

Mr. Grubman also is being targeted for disciplinary action by a brokers'
self-policing group for his bullish advice on Winstar Communications Inc.,
another bankrupt telecom company.

A database maintained by the National Association of Securities Dealers lists 40
consumer complaints against Mr. Grubman, including several lawsuits. Most are
related to the WorldCom collapse.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kenneth Lambert, The Associated Press; Jack Grubman, telecom
analyst at Salomon Smith Barney, remained one of the sector's biggest
cheerleaders -- right up until the business collapse wiped out trillions in
paper profits.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 21, 2003 Monday

HealthSouth deal rejected;
Medicare-fraud allegations scrutinized

BYLINE: CHAD TERHUNE AND ANN CARRNS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 588 words


HealthSouth Corp., shortly before allegations of massive accounting fraud rocked
the company, offered to pay as much as $150-million (U.S.) to settle separate
Medicare-fraud allegations, but the U.S. government didn't accept the offer,
according to people familiar with the matter.

The U.S. Justice Department didn't accept HealthSouth's offer to resolve the
civil charges in part because the agency wanted more money - at least a total of
$200-million, these people said. As part of the $150-million settlement offered
by HealthSouth, the company wouldn't have admitted any wrongdoing. The
negotiations between HealthSouth and the Justice Department took place in late
February or early March, according to people close to the situation.

In a civil complaint March 19, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
charged HealthSouth and its former chairman and chief executive officer, Richard
Scrushy, with overstating profit by at least $1.4-billion since 1999. Another
former executive at the company has testified that HealthSouth inflated earnings
by an additional $1.1-billion in 1997 and 1998. Nine former HealthSouth
executives have agreed to plead guilty to criminal fraud charges in connection
with the alleged accounting scheme.

Mr. Scrushy was fired by the company March 31 and has been asked to resign from
its board. His attorneys have said he was unaware of any financial fraud and is
innocent of any wrongdoing.

The allegations of accounting fraud remain the primary focus of the current
federal investigation. But the scandal has led to renewed scrutiny of other
possible misconduct by the company, including allegations of improper Medicare
billing.

HealthSouth's acting management team has said accounting fraud alleged by
federal prosecutors doesn't appear to involve the company's
Medicare-reimbursement practices. But the company has initiated its own internal
inquiry into the cost reports HealthSouth submits to the government in
connection with Medicare billings.

"We're doing our own internal investigation to make sure there aren't any other
overly aggressive" billing practices, said Bryan Marsal, HealthSouth's chief
restructuring officer, in an interview on April 8.

Mr. Marsal is a managing director of Alvarez & Marsal Inc., the corporate
turnaround firm hired by HealthSouth.

The Birmingham, Ala., company is the largest U.S. provider of outpatient
physical-therapy services. It derives about a third of its $4.31-billion in
reported annual revenue from Medicare, the federal insurance program for the
elderly.

The government's ability to recoup financial penalties from HealthSouth could be
complicated now as the company works to avert a filing for U.S. Chapter 11
bankruptcy court protection.

Last May, the Justice Department intervened in a civil suit against the company
in federal court in San Antonio. The Texas case was originally filed by a
HealthSouth patient in 1998 under the False Claims Act, which essentially allows
individuals to file suit on behalf of the government.

Three similar suits from other parts of the country were folded into the
government's case in Texas.

The inspector general at the Department of Health and Human Services has also
been assisting the Justice Department on the civil suit. The inspector general's
office and the Justice Department each declined to comment.

HealthSouth also wouldn't comment on the proposed settlement.

The company said it continues to co-operate with the government in the
continuing criminal and civil investigations.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

No criminal wrongdoing found in manual recount

BYLINE: The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1015 words


Nov. 18--Although discrepancies remain in the manual recount of votes for
Cameron County judge, authorities said an investigation into the matter does not
suggest any criminal act.

Cameron County District Attorney Armando Villalobos said his office was asked to
look into the situation and after taking affidavits and questioning Election
Administrator Roger Ortiz and other election staff it appears that no criminal
wrongdoing occurred.

"At this point there is no criminal investigation that would affect the voting
or that would affect the Elections Department," Villalobos said Wednesday.

What it boils down to is a "clerical error" that occurred in the tallying of
votes by the Elections Department, Villalobos said. "We have been told more than
once that the issue is a clerical error and how do we correct that clerical
error."

Ortiz and his staff have indicated that the original paperwork from the recount
completed Saturday -- which signified a win for Republican Carlos Cascos -- had
incorrect numbers, Villalobos said. After the results were announced, an
election staffer had noticed a discrepancy in the numbers and notified Ortiz, he
said.

Now, more than two weeks after the Nov. 2 election, it remains unclear who has
been elected to the four-year term of county judge that begins Jan. 1.

Cascos, the incumbent, was informed in writing by Ortiz on Saturday night that
he had won. Hours later, Ortiz reportedly told Democrat John Wood that he was
the winner.

Ortiz has made no official announcement that Wood has won, however. Ortiz
continues to refuse to return telephone calls from The Brownsville Herald
seeking clarification on the recount and comment as to what will happen next.

The numbers

Shortly after 8 p.m. on Saturday, Ortiz had announced that the recount showed
Cascos with 20,392 votes and Wood with 20,342. Some seven hours later, reports
surfaced that a discrepancy had been discovered and Wood had won by five votes,
20,576 to 20,571.

None of the results are official until canvassed returns are accepted by the
Cameron County Commissioners Court.

The error in the recount reportedly occurred in the tallying of votes from the
Precinct 54 polling place at Burns Elementary School. It has been reported that
there were two tally sheets for that precinct, but only one was included in the
recount results.

With the election continuing in limbo, the Cameron County Democratic Party
continues to push the matter.

"We obviously have not been sitting around doing nothing, we have been
researching this," Democratic Party Chairman Gilberto Hinojosa said.

Hinojosa's understanding is that since there were affidavits from two people
involved in the recount filed with Ortiz's office stating that a tally sheet
from Precinct 54 had been left out of recount totals on Saturday, this would
automatically trigger a second recount of that precinct.

He said this is one of Ortiz's options -- "to go back and recount Precinct Poll
54 and amend Saturday night's report and that resolves the issue. Just file a
corrected report. That is a simple solution to the problem."

Hinojosa said that every vote had been counted in the re-tally that showed Wood
up by five votes.

"No matter what anybody says, every vote was counted -- every early vote, every
mail-in vote, every provisional vote, every single vote," Hinojosa said.

Villalobos, the district attorney, said he understood from his conversation with
Ortiz that Ortiz was not planning to recount Precinct 54 votes, nor would other
precincts be recounted, as requested by Republicans.

Villalobos said determining the election result would be in the hands of the
Cameron County Commissioners Court. The Commissioners Court is scheduled to meet
Friday.

"We are going to advise Mr. Ortiz to submit all the paperwork that he has on
this particular matter along with an affidavit indicating the discrepancies,"
Villalobos said. "We believe that this is the proper procedure to do and then it
is incumbent upon the canvassing authority (the Commissioners Court) to use the
power that is invested in them under the Election Code to determine what the
numbers are and what they should be."

The district attorney said it would be "prudent" for both Cascos and Wood -- who
sit on the Commissioners Court -- to recuse themselves from the vote.

"We do believe that the canvassing authority has the ultimate decision and
ultimate responsibility...," Villalobos said.

He added that if the Commissioners Court refuses to accept the results, a higher
court could make the decision. If this were to happen, Cascos would remain
county judge until the court makes a determination.

Cascos has declined comment at this time.

Frank Morris, the Republican chairman for Cameron County, has also declined to
comment.

Texas state Rep. Rene Oliveira, D-Brownsville, assessed the situation, saying:
"This is a major crisis in terms of our elections and it shatters faith in
people about the process, but I believe that the results are going to be clear."

Oliveira said it is obvious that the Saturday 8 p.m. count was in error when it
reflected fewer votes than had been counted Nov. 2.

"It is clear that the initial report is flawed by several hundred votes and
those people need to be counted and we need to expect the final result with
everyone being counted," Oliveira said.

He contacted the Texas Secretary of State's Office on Monday after people from
both campaigns and others from the community asked for his assistance.

He said he was told by the office that it could not issue an opinion or
recommendation to Ortiz, but it did provide Ortiz with certain statutes to
review while considering the issue.

"I have been in politics here for 28 years and have never seen anything like
this. It's amazing to me," Oliveira said.

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101118-BV-No-criminal-wrongdoing-found-in-manual-recount-1118-20101118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2010 The Brownsville Herald


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

'I Will Fight,' Blagojevich Vows

BYLINE: By SUSAN SAULNY and MONICA DAVEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Striking a tone that was unapologetic and defiant, Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich broke
his public silence on Friday, denying any criminal wrongdoing and vowing to
fight what he called ''false accusations and a political lynch mob.''

''I'm here to tell you right off the bat that I am not guilty of any criminal
wrongdoing,'' Mr. Blagojevich said in a brief appearance before reporters at his
downtown office. ''I intend to stay on the job, and I will fight this thing
every step of the way. I will fight. I will fight. I will fight, until I take my
last breath. I have done nothing wrong.''

Mr. Blagojevich, a second-term Democrat, bounded out of the room when he was
finished, taking no questions and without addressing the specific accusations
leveled against him last week in a federal criminal complaint, or in an
impeachment inquiry by lawmakers under way in Springfield.

Federal prosecutors have charged him with trying to sell the Senate seat vacated
by President-elect Barack Obama, threatening to withhold  state money from a
hospital if an executive there would not contribute to him, and trying to have a
newspaper writer fired in exchange for state help in the sale of Wrigley Field.

In his defense, Mr. Blagojevich said only that he had the truth on his side.
Legal experts said his lack of specificity was not surprising, given the
criminal case ahead of him.

But his appearance was perhaps more revealing with regard to his emotional
state. He described himself as lonely, thanked supporters for their comfort and
prayers, and quoted from memory the poem ''If'' by Rudyard Kipling, about the
nobility of persevering through tough times.

Some of this was classic Blagojevich -- the feisty, boyish politician with a
near-photographic memory and inclination toward history and literature who twice
won over Illinois voters in promising to be a man of the people and reform.

''I am dying to show you how innocent I am,'' he said, his signature dark locks
falling into his eyes.

His presentation could not have provided a sharper contrast to the petty,
scheming and foul-mouthed man captured in federal wiretap transcripts in the
government's 76-page criminal complaint.

It was that man who continued to dominate the political discussion here, with
Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn, a fellow Democrat, redoubling his calls later in the day for
the governor to step aside.

''I think the people of Illinois are held hostage right now to this situation,''
Mr. Quinn said.

A State Senate committee, meanwhile, met here to prepare rules and speak with
lawyers about how an impeachment trial of the governor might proceed. Once a
report is completed by a House impeachment committee that is now engaged in an
investigation of Mr. Blagojevich, the full House could vote to send the matter
to the Senate for trial.

But the process, vaguely defined under the Illinois Constitution and rarely
tested, will almost certainly carry into the next legislative session, which
starts in January.

After Mr. Blagojevich's appearance, two of his lawyers, Sam Adam Jr. and Sheldon
Sorosky, took questions from reporters, and said prosecutors had used bits and
pieces of the governor's recorded conversations to draw a damaging portrait of
him.

''When those tapes come out -- and they're not just 15-second snippets that an
agent who sits down in an office somewhere pulls out what he thinks is bad --
you're going to find out the truth on these conversations,'' Mr. Adam said.

Even so, the lawyers suggested that Mr. Blagojevich would resign if his troubles
meant that Illinois could no longer function.

''If it doesn't work,'' Mr. Adam said, ''if it is too hard, if the people of
Illinois suffer, he will step aside.''

Lawmakers said they were disappointed, if not particularly surprised, by Mr.
Blagojevich's sentiments.

State Senator Matt Murphy, a Republican, said, ''Speaking on behalf of the vast
majority of the people of the state of Illinois who were hoping to hear --
rather than 'fight, fight, fight' -- 'resign, resign, resign,' this governor has
lost his ability to lead, and the state needs to go forward.''

Others longed to hear Mr. Blagojevich explain the conduct and speech depicted in
the transcripts and to hear his case as to why he should still be governing.

''When he stands up and says he's innocent, that doesn't mean very much to me,
because I've read transcripts of the tapes, and those show that he's unfit to be
the governor of Illinois,'' said Jeffrey M.  Shaman, a professor at the DePaul
University College of Law. ''I believe it's disgraceful that he's not resigning
now from what we know about him from the transcripts already, and from what I
think will be proven in court.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ''I'm here to tell you right off the bat that I am not guilty of
any criminal wrongdoing,'' Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich told reporters Friday at his
Chicago office, adding that ''I intend to stay on the job.''(PHOTOGRAPH BY
CARLOS ORTIZ FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Community Health Systems denies wrongdoing in settlement agreement

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


Aug. 13--Wilkes-Barre General Hospital and Berwick Hospital Center were among
Community Health Systems' 119 hospitals investigated for allegedly overbilling
the federal government's Medicare and Medicare programs, according to a
settlement agreement U.S. Department of Justice provided.

The Department of Justice entered the settlement with Franklin, Tenn.-based
Community Health Systems, which agreed to pay $98.15 million to resolve
overbilling allegations.

Community Health Systems officials said the settlement reflects the company's
"desire to end the investigation, which began in 2011, and to avoid the
significant expense and distraction of litigation," according to a press release
provided by spokeswoman Karen Litterer.

"Under the terms of the agreement, there is no finding of improper conduct by
Community Health Systems or its affiliated hospitals, and the company has denied
any wrongdoing," the press release stated.

The Department of Justice investigated short-stay admissions through emergency
departments at certain affiliated hospitals.

Multiple lawsuits were filed against Community Health Systems alleging the
company knowingly billed Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE for inpatient services
from January 2005 to December 2010 that should have been billed as outpatient or
observation services.

The company previously established a $102 million reserve to cover settlements
and related legal costs, according to the press release.

Wayne T. Smith, chairman and chief executive officer of Community Health
Systems, said the question of when a patient should be admitted to a hospital
"is, and always has been, a matter of medical judgment by the individual
physician responsible for a patient's care."

"Unfortunately, shifting and often ambiguous standards make it extremely
difficult for physicians and hospitals to consistently comply with the
regulations," Smith said in a statement.

"We are committed to doing our best, despite these challenges," he added.
"Because this is an industry-wide issue, we hope the government will work to
devise sound and reasonable rules for the important decision about whether or
not to admit an individual for inpatient care, and we appreciate the opportunity
to engage in meaningful dialogue with the government over these incredibly
complicated issues."

The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals, the union
which represents Wilkes-Barre General Hospital's registered nurses in a labor
dispute, released a statement Tuesday saying the patients, many of whom are
elderly family members and neighbors, "will suffer at the hands of such illegal
and immoral billing practices."

CHS' recent $98.15 million settlement is "rooted in the basic philosophy of this
company to put their bottom-line profits first, regardless of the law or
patients' needs," the nurses said.

"When the profits of a company are what drive all decision-making, corners will
inevitably be cut to please company executives and Wall Street," their statement
read. "This is what happens when for-profit companies like CHS acquire and
operate hospitals like Wilkes-Barre General Hospital."

Community Health Systems purchased Wyoming Valley Health Care System, the former
non-profit operator of Wilkes-Barre General Hospital, five years ago for $271
million.

Nurses said they object, and have always objected, to the sort of billing
practices investigated, including the corporate practice of bill payment at the
patients' bedside. Such practices did not exist in the hospital until CHS took
over, they said.

"We are equally concerned that this may only be the tip of the iceberg," the
nurses' statement read. "Many believe that CHS has systematically broken its
promises, including its promise to maintain charity care policies that were in
place when they acquired the hospitals they now own in Pennsylvania."

"PASNAP strongly urges Community Health Systems to act more responsibly towards
our community by putting patients before profits, and putting nurses at the
bedside instead of bill collectors."

The nurses returned to work after participating in a five-day strike outside
Wilkes-Barre General Hospital, but they still don't have a contract.

Community Health Systems is one of the largest publicly-traded hospital
companies in the U.S. and the leading operator of acute care hospitals across
the country.

The company currently owns, leases or operates 206 affiliated hospitals in 29
states with about 31,100 licensed beds.

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140813-YC-Community-Health-Systems-denies-wrongdoing
-in-settlement-agreement-0813-20140813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

'Nothing happened'

BYLINE: Nick Bonham, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Nov. 21--In her first public comments since releasing information from an
alcohol-related incident earlier this year, County Commissioner Liane "Buffie"
McFadyen on Wednesday touted county accomplishments, thanked colleagues and
employees and said "nothing happened" on the night in question.

McFadyen spoke for more than 23 minutes at the start of Wednesday's Pueblo
County commissioners meeting.

Because the Jan. 25 alcohol-related incident is under review by the El Paso
County district attorney, McFadyen would not talk specifics about the case,
which she called "the night that nothing happened."

"All I can tell you is . . . I'm just myself. Nothing happened. The sheriff's
department, I thank because they did their job. Three deputies did their job.
There was no preferential treatment

as said by the sheriff. No wrongdoing, as said by the district attorney of
Pueblo County. And I'm optimistic that the district attorney in Colorado Springs
will also concur there was no wrongdoing on the night nothing happened,"
McFadyen told the crowd.

"I know the press would love for me to comment more on the night that nothing
happened, but it is in the best interest of not only myself but the county to
wait for the district attorney in Colorado Springs to find that no wrongdoing
happened, and I'm confident that will happen."

She touted the county's accomplishments since the new board took office in
January, including landing $108 million in muchneeded highway projects,
regulating recreational marijuana, constituent work, improving employee pay and
a new approach to the budget.

McFadyen said commissioners have held more than 70 budget meetings this year,
although not with full attendance by commissioners.

"I would call this board probably the most budgetminded board this county has
seen," she said.

Thanks was given to fellow commissioners and a few employees by name. McFadyen
characterized her relationship with the media on this matter as a dance "that
has to exist and that's going to continue and the work of Pueblo County is going
to continue."

Earlier this month, in response to media inquiries, McFadyen released the
sheriff's deputy report and dash cam video from the night of Jan. 25, when she
and Ron Greenwell, chairman of the Pueblo County Democratic Party, were found in
her parked vehicle in Pueblo West.

The two had been dropped off at their cars from an outing with friends at a
Florence hot springs.

Deputies found the two were too intoxicated to drive so McFadyen called her
husband for a ride.

McFadyen admitted to having drank a glass of wine earlier and was not given a
Breathalyzer. Her vehicle was not running and keys were not in the ignition when
deputies arrived to investigate the parked vehicles.

Greenwell registered a 0.14 on a breath test, well over the legal DUI limit of
0.08. McFadyen's husband picked the two up and the group left before deputies
found his license was suspended. He was never ticketed.

McFadyen said her week of vacation shortly after releasing the information had
been planned and that she was unable to get back Monday because of an airport
closure in Chicago.

nickb@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131121-PB-Nothing-happened-1121-20131121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sink campaign points out Scott lawsuit

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARCH AND CATHERINE WHITTENBURG, The News Center

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 600 words


He was accused of insider trading in 1997 and settled the case

BY WILLIAM MARCH

wmarch@tampatrib.com

AND CATHERINE WHITTENBURG

cwhittenburg@tampatrib.com

TAMPA Alex Sink's gubernatorial campaign is touting a 1997 lawsuit by the State
Board of Administration accusing Rick Scott of insider trading by dumping
Columbia/HCA stock just before news broke about the federal investigation of the
hospital chain.

That helped cause losses in the state pension fund, the lawsuit says.

Sink's running mate, Rod Smith, said in an interview that Scott "sold millions
of dollars' worth of stock immediately before it came out that his company was
under investigation and that he was, quote, inside trading to his advantage."

News of that investigation, which broke in a March 1997 New York Times story,
caused the value of the stock to drop after Scott's sales, Smith said.

Insider trading, in which an official of a company uses knowledge not available
to the public to make profitable stock trades, is illegal.

Smith said the case ended up being combined with similar cases from other states
and settled.

State records show the lawsuit was dismissed after the parties told the judge
they had agreed to a settlement of the lawsuit and similar lawsuits, with the
defendants denying wrongdoing.

Scott campaign spokesman Trey Stapleton said Smith should "know the difference
between a case that is dismissed and a case that is settled; this case was
dismissed. This is just another desperate attempt by the Alex Sink campaign to
draw attention away from her criminal waivergate scandal."

"Waivergate" refers to Scott's allegations that Sink used bad judgment in
allowing people with criminal records to obtain insurance licenses in Florida.

The lawsuit was filed in August 1997 in Tennessee where Columbia/HCA was based,
naming Scott and other company officers and the company as defendants.

It alleges many of the same wrongdoings for which the government was
investigating the company, which ultimately led to Columbia/HCA paying $1.7
billion in fines and settlements on Medicare fraud charges. Scott was never
charged personally in the criminal fraud case.

The Florida lawsuit adds the insider trading allegation, saying that Scott and
other company officers "benefitted from the acts of wrongdoing ... by selling
shares of Columbia in the public market while in possession of material insider
information relating to said acts of wrongdoing."

That lawsuit wasn't the only one accusing Scott of insider trading.

In another case, also filed in 1997, the state comptroller of New York accused
six Columbia/HCA directors and executives, including Scott, of selling personal
stock holdings to net "proceeds in excess of $197 million."

The complaint attributes the bulk of that to Thomas F. Frist Jr., board chairman
and CEO of the company following Scott's ouster, who made more than $138 million
by selling 3.7 million shares in 1996 and 1997. Scott, the lawsuit alleges, sold
90,000 shares "for net proceeds of approximately $2.65 million" on Feb. 25,
1997, less than a month before the New York Times published its story about the
federal fraud investigation.

An appellate court affirmed the dismissal of the insider trading accusations,
however, since the stock traded by Scott and the others represented only a
fraction of their total holdings. Scott owned more than 9.4 million shares in
all, according to the court record, which indicates that the case was dismissed
following settlement.

Photo: Alex Sink

Photo: Rick Scott

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Toledo man in police custody dies at hospital but chief says no
wrongdoing has been found

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 194 words


March 27--A Toledo man died early today while in police custody at a hospital,
but Toledo's police chief said no wrongdoing has been found.

Aaron Pope, 34, was in the custody of Toledo police when he was pronounced dead
at 1:14 a.m. at Mercy St. Vincent Medical Center, said Sarah Bednarski, a Mercy
spokesman.

Officers were dispatched to 419 4th St. in East Toledo just before midnight for
man inside the home. Police found Pope on the front porch.

At a news conference this afternoon, Chief George Kral said a preliminary
investigation into the officers' conduct found the officers did not do anything
wrong.

"Mr. Pope was in an extremely agitated state and placed into custody," Chief
Kral said.

An autopsy has been scheduled for Monday.

Pope had been released from prison about five months earlier after a 2013
conviction in Lucas County Common Pleas Court of attempted assault of a peace
officer and attempted possession of cocaine, along with a separate, concurrent
conviction, around the same time, for trespass into a habitation.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150327-TO-BRF-Toledo-man-in-police-custody-dies-at-hospital-but-chief-says-no-
wrongdoing-has-been-found-0327-20150327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judge's Rejection of Citigroup Deal Is Heard on Appeal

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1090 words


4:56 p.m. | Updated

Judge Jed S. Rakoff has been an outspoken critic of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, chiding the agency's practice of allowing companies to settle fraud
cases without having to admit that they had done anything wrong.

On Friday, it was the S.E.C.'s turn to criticize him.

In an unusual hearing before the federal appeals court in Manhattan, lawyers for
the S.E.C. - along with lawyers for Citigroup - tried to convince a three-judge
panel that Judge Rakoff, a trial court judge, exceeded his authority in
rejecting the settlement that let Citigroup avoid an admission of wrongdoing.

"The court failed to give the S.E.C. any deference in this case," said Michael
A. Conley, the commission's deputy general counsel.

Judge Rakoff, who was represented by a court-appointed lawyer, did not attend
the argument, which took place before a packed courtroom at the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Manhattan.

A judge does not have to "automatically approve whatever consent decree the
S.E.C. brings him and assume that it is in the public's interest," said John R.
Wing, the lawyer for Judge Rakoff.

The judges did not indicate how they would rule, but the argument came almost a
year after a different appeals court panel, in a mostly procedural decision,
indicated that it believed that Judge Rakoff had overstepped the bounds.

The decision by the Second Circuit, an influential appellate court, could have
broad legal ramifications. A ruling in Judge Rakoff's favor could embolden the
federal judiciary to refuse to approve S.E.C. settlements in which defendants do
not admit wrongdoing.

Other government bodies like the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice
Department's antitrust division also routinely use the "neither admit nor deny
wrongdoing" language in settling enforcement cases with corporate defendants.

That, according to the government, would overburden federal agencies that are
already resource-constrained. If the S.E.C. were required to extract an
admission of wrongdoing from a corporation, there would most likely be fewer
settlements and more trials, which are costly.

Brad S. Karp, a lawyer for Citigroup, highlighted this concern, emphasizing the
potential repercussions of judges' overriding government agencies and forcing
them to require defendants to acknowledge wrongdoing.

"Many corporations will decide to not settle matters if a requirement is to
admit liability," Mr. Karp said. "The federal regulatory enforcement regime
would screech to a grinding halt."

In court papers, Judge Rakoff's lawyers dismissed such a claim as "needlessly
alarmist."

The S.E.C.'s civil fraud action against Citigroup related to the sale of a
complex $1 billion mortgage bond deal during the waning days of the housing
boom. Citigroup was accused of deceiving its customers by selling them pools of
risky mortgages that the bank knew would decline in value. Clients suffered more
than $600 million in losses.

Citigroup agreed to play $285 million to settle the complaint, but Judge Rakoff
rejected the settlement. He derided the amount of money that Citigroup had
agreed to pay, calling it "pocket change" for the bank. And in settling the case
without proving that Citigroup committed fraud, the parties deprived the public
"of ever knowing the truth in a matter of obvious public importance," Judge
Rakoff wrote.

He ordered the parties to prepare for trial, but that was postponed after the
commission and Citigroup appealed Judge Rakoff's rejection of their deal.

Historically, judges have rubber-stamped S.E.C. settlements with banks and other
defendants accused of civil fraud. Such settlements require court approval, and
the judge is charged with finding that the settlement is "fair, reasonable,
adequate and in the public interest."

But Judge Rakoff, who in his two decades on the bench has earned a reputation as
iconoclastic, bucked that longstanding practice. In 2009, he scuttled what he
viewed as a sweetheart settlement between the commission and Bank of America
related to the bank's troubled acquisition of Merrill Lynch. And in 2011, he
rejected the S.E.C.-Citigroup deal.

The rulings became a cause célèbre in the wake of the financial crisis, a time
when the commission and other federal authorities were being criticized for
failing to hold large banks accountable.

Following Judge Rakoff's lead, federal judges in Brooklyn, Colorado and
Wisconsin have demanded greater accountability, or more information, from
defendants before signing off on settlements struck with the S.E.C. and other
government agencies. Judge Richard J. Leon, a federal judge in the District of
Columbia, recently refused to approve a settlement between the S.E.C. and I.B.M.
without more data about the allegations.

But on Friday, the S.E.C. argued that Judge Rakoff's ruling conflicted with a
century of judicial practice. Courts have given substantial deference to federal
agencies' decisions to settle cases, approving thousands of previous
settlements, the commission said in its court papers. Citigroup agreed, writing
in its brief that especially when a federal agency is involved, "the scope of a
court's authority to second-guess an agency's discretionary and policy-based
decision to settle is at best minimal."

Underscoring the importance of the case for the S.E.C., Robert S. Khuzami, whose
last day as the commission's director of enforcement was Friday, and George S.
Canellos, his acting successor, attended the hearing.

Mr. Wing told the three-judge panel - Rosemary S. Pooler, Raymond J. Lohier Jr.
and Susan L. Carney - that the S.E.C. and Citigroup had mischaracterized the
judge's ruling. All Judge Rakoff wanted, Mr. Wing said, was additional evidence
from the two parties so he could exercise his judgment.

"The S.E.C.'s and Citigroup's concept of deference - in which courts would be
effectively reduced to potted plants - would surely undermine the independence
of the federal judiciary," Judge Rakoff's lawyers wrote in their court papers.

Judge Lohier alluded to this concern, and added some levity to the proceedings,
when he posed a hypothetical to Mr. Conley, the lawyer for S.E.C. What if, he
asked, the agency had settled with Citigroup for only $100,000? Would a judge
then have the authority to reject that deal?

"It's very unlikely that the S.E.C. would ever settle with Citigroup for that
amount," Mr. Conley replied.

Judge Lohier cut Mr. Conley off. "That's why it's called a hypothetical," he
said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/02/08/appeals-court-hears-arguments-over-judge-
rakoffs-rejection-of-citigroup-settlement/

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 2, 2011 Friday

Doctor denies sexual wrongdoing

BYLINE: Lisa Shearer, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Dec. 02--EDMOND -- An Edmond doctor turned himself in Friday morning to the
Oklahoma County Jail after an arrest warrant was issued related to four sexual
battery charges, Edmond Police reported.

Dr. Medhat Michael, 52, who has an Oklahoma City home address, posted a $40,000
bond and was released later Friday, according to the Oklahoma County Sheriff's
Office.

Reached by phone at his medical office Friday afternoon, Michael denied the
allegations against him.

"This is false allegations, disgruntled employees," Michael said. "There is
nothing there, baseless allegations and it's going to go away."

Michael's attorney, Scott Adams of Oklahoma City, said Michael learned Thursday
of the charges and "we immediately addressed it this morning."

"The minute he found out there was an issue, he turned himself in," Adams said.
"He vehemently denies he's done anything wrong. We are sure that at end of day
he will be exonerated of any wrongdoing."

Adams said the doctor has no prior arrest record.

Glynda Chu, Edmond Police spokeswoman, said police tried to serve the arrest
warrant at Michael's home and office on Thursday, but that he was at neither
location that day.

The alleged sexual harassment and battery occurred at Best Care Medical Center,
1265 E. 33rd St., in Edmond, according to Edmond Police. The victims range in
age from 21-28.

According to the incident report released by Edmond Police on Friday, two female
employees of Best Care Medical Center reported Oct. 20 to Edmond Police that the
suspect had repeatedly been very aggressive physically toward them, including
kissing one victim's cheeks, neck and breasts. The suspect repeatedly told the
victim "she looked great and not to change her figure," the report states. On
numerous occasions, the suspect told the victim he loved her and asked if she
loved him, according to the report.

The second victim also received numerous inappropriate comments about her
appearance and said that she made the suspect aware that she was uncomfortable
with his behavior, the report states.

In a report filed by Officer Joseph Delpha, the victim said the suspect often
gave her very "physical" hugs and that he would pull his body as close as
possible while attempting to kiss her. The suspect also reportedly would walk
behind the victim and moan, saying the victim was exciting him, according to
Delpha's incident report.

In a separate report filed by Delpha, a third victim reported Oct. 20 similar
aggressive behavior by the suspect toward her. She also reported that he would
bark like a dog and howl at her in addition to at least two instances of
touching her rear-end by slipping his hand beneath the top of her pants, the
police report states. The victim stated she told the suspect no and that she
also started having her boyfriend drop by the office, which the suspect said he
did not like happening.

On Oct. 22, Edmond Police Officer Jeff Smith interviewed two additional women
who had worked at Best Care Medical. This incident report states that one victim
was employed there from March through August. During that time frame, the
suspect asked the victim how often she had intercourse with her boyfriend, would
ask for a kiss and grab himself around her in a sexual manner, Smith's report
states. The second victim interviewed that day reported that the suspect had
touched her rear-end, tried to kiss her and told her that he "would be her sugar
daddy," the report states.

Smith's report indicates there was a similar report made to Edmond Police in
2008. In that report, released Friday by Edmond Police, the victim reported to
Officer Greg Jaggi that she worked for the suspect for two days. In those two
days, he kissed her on the lips multiple times. By the end of the second day,
she stated the suspect kissed her again and she felt his tongue trying to enter
her mouth, the police report states.

The victim pushed the suspect away each time but did not say anything for fear
of her job security, the police report states. The Oklahoma County District
Attorney's office at the time declined to prosecute the suspect because the
victim did not tell him no per statute regulations, the police incident report
states.

___ (c)2011 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111202-EO-Doctor-denies-sexual-wrongdoing-1202-20111202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2011 The Edmond Sun


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Legislature 2007

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


NOTES AND NEWS FROM FRIDAY, JANUARY19

DAY 12 * 78 REMAINING

IN COMMITTEE

RECALLS: Sen. Mick Mines of Blair wants to require that those seeking to recall
elected officials show those officials have committed wrongdoing in office. If
approved, his bill, (LB18) would mandate that a statement with specific
allegations of wrongdoing be submitted. Officials being considered for recall
could then challenge the allegations, and courts would decide whether the
allegations met criteria for recall set out in the bill. Currently, recall
efforts do not have to be based on any wrongdoing or misconduct by elected
officials. The Government, Military and Veterans Affairs Committee heard the
measure.

ANIMAL ABANDONMENT: Abandoning animals could result in more than a legal slap on
the wrist under a bill (LB227) by Sen. Abbie Cornett of Bellevue. The bill would
make abandonment that resulted in serious injury or death a felony. Currently,
cruelty and abandonment is a misdemeanor charge. The Judiciary Committee held a
public hearing on the measure.

Quote

"Right now, public officials can be recalled for no particular reason - in fact,
because someone doesn't like the way they cut their hair," said Sen. Mick Mines
of Blair, speaking about his bill that would make it tougher to kick elected
officials out of office.

COMING MONDAY

The session reconvenes at 10 a.m. Committee hearings begin at 1:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ex-Rep. Stengel jumps into another ethics brouhaha

BYLINE: Jeri Clausing

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-04

LENGTH: 443 words


The man at the center of one of last year's biggest legislative ethics scandals
has landed in another - this time voluntarily.

Former House Minority Leader Joe Stengel is representing ccAdvertising, a
Virginia company that produced the robo-calls at the heart of a complaint
against lobbyist William Mutch.

Mutch, who represents the homebuilders group Colorado Concern, is accused by
Democratic Reps. Alice Borodkin of Denver and Nancy Todd of Aurora of
orchestrating calls to constituents that said the lawmakers were backing a bill
that would raise taxes on their homes.

Documents filed with the legislative ethics committee investigating the
complaints indicate Mutch and Colorado Concern have complied with the panel's
request for communications related to their lobbying efforts - including scripts
of the telephone calls.

But a letter from Stengel - now an attorney for Benson and Case - says simply:
"Our client, ccAdvertising is not at liberty to provide the materials you have
requested."

Stengel says his client - which is not accused of any wrongdoing - is simply
standing by its principles.

"One of them is the right to privacy, and the second is the freedom of speech,"
he said.

"ccAdvertising is a national company and its clients across the United States
I'm sure are looking to see how rapidly they turn over the information."

Since his client is not accused of any wrongdoing, Stengel says he doesn't plan
to attend Monday's scheduled hearing on the complaint. But Stengel is not new to
the ethics investigation process.

Last year, he resigned his leadership post after his colleagues launched a probe
into what was later determined to be "excessive off-session pay." Stengel had
billed taxpayers for working 237 days in 2005, including all weekends and time
spent vacationing in Hawaii and taking the bar exam.

Lottery idea spanked

Sen. Chris Romer last week pulled his proposal to sell off the state lottery to
help the cash-strapped state raise a few extra billion dollars.

Although he admits the governor was unhappy with him, Romer - the son of former
Gov. Roy Romer - says he dropped the idea because he didn't like the proposed
ballot language referring to the sale as "debt."

But Sen. Josh Penry, his Republican friend and co-sponsor, insisted Friday the
bill was pulled under pressure from Gov. Bill Ritter because GOP members had
jumped on board and were touting it as an alternative to the governor's
controversial plan to eliminate some property tax reductions.

"It's been 30 years since Romer was spanked by a governor," Penry joked.

Capitol Bureau chief Jeri Clausing writes Sundays. She can be reached at
303-954-1555 or jclausing@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 1, 1999, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

DuPont payoff to end Ga. case

BYLINE: Bill Rankin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 717 words


Faced with a possible criminal prosecution, DuPont agreed Thursday to pay $ 11
million to settle allegations that the company and its lawyers had withheld
critical evidence during a high-stakes product liability trial in Columbus
involving the DuPont fungicide Benlate.

The Atlanta law firm of Alston & Bird, which represented DuPont during the
Benlate litigation, also agreed to pay $ 250,000 as part of an agreement reached
with the U.S. attorney's office in Macon.

The settlement was approved by U.S. District Judge Hugh Lawson, who ordered the
criminal investigation.

While neither DuPont nor Alston & Bird admitted wrongdoing, the settlement
resonated through the legal community.

"The judge is certainly trying to send a message about legal ethics and
professionalism, even if Alston & Bird denies any wrongdoing," said George
Cohen, a legal ethics professor at the University of Virginia. He called the
settlement "remarkable."

"It is very unusual," Atlanta lawyer Craig Gillen, a former federal prosecutor,
said of the settlement. "It sounds like a very creative resolution to a very,
very complicated and sensitive problem."

Law schools at the University of Georgia, Emory University, Georgia State
University and Mercer University each will receive $ 2.5 million of DuPont's
payout..

Howard Hunter, dean of Emory's law school, called the donation "a great
Christmas present." The remaining $ 1 million of DuPont's settlement will
sponsor an annual symposium on professionalism and ethics in law. Alston &
Bird's $ 250,000 payout will go to the Georgia Supreme Court's Commission on
Professionalism.

The Benlate litigation in Georgia began in 1992 when four nursery operators sued
DuPont in federal court in Columbus, alleging that the fungicide Benlate was
contaminated, resulting in the destruction of their crops. They initially sought
$ 430 million in damages, but settled for $ 4.25 million while the trial jury
deliberated.

When critical test data --- which proved unfavorable to DuPont and was never
turned over to the plaintiffs' attorneys --- was disclosed in a Hawaii case
months after the Georgia settlement, three of the growers sought sanctions
against DuPont and Alston & Bird. Growers Bush Ranch Inc., Yellow River Growers
and C. Raker & Sons Inc. argued that the trial judge had ordered DuPont to
disclose all such information.

U.S. District Judge Robert Elliott, who presided over the 1993 trial, held
hearings on the new petition and imposed $ 115 million in civil penalties
against the company.

But DuPont appealed and in 1996 the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals vacated
Elliott's ruling, saying it was more criminal than civil in nature. The appeals
court also said Elliott had abused his discretion, and the court reassigned the
case to Lawson.

Lawson, after reviewing the record, sent shock waves through DuPont and Alston &
Bird on Nov. 4 by issuing a show-cause order to federal prosecutors in Macon,
instructing them to let him know within 60 days why DuPont and other,
unspecified parties should not be prosecuted for criminal contempt and
obstructing justice.

"The court requests that the United States Attorney for the Middle District of
Georgia investigate and prosecute this matter on the court's behalf," Lawson
ordered.

By resolving the case with the civil settlement, Lawson terminated his
show-cause order for the criminal investigation.

DuPont expressed relief Thursday that the long-running dispute had ended.

"DuPont is pleased that the parties have been able to reach a civil resolution
of Bush Ranch proceedings in Georgia federal court," DuPont spokesman Mike
Ricciuto said.

As part of the settlement, DuPont also agreed to pay a confidential sum to the
growers for their costs and attorneys' fees in bringing the petition for
sanctions.

"The petitioners are satisfied with the resolution," said C. Neal Pope, the
Columbus lawyer for the plaintiffs who has pursued the Benlate litigation for
most of this decade.

In his consent order, Lawson said Alston & Bird "acknowledges for itself a
fundamental misunderstanding" of the intent of Elliott's discovery orders in the
initial Benlate litigation.

"We are pleased that the matter has now been brought to an end," said Alston &
Bird lawyer John Train.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 1, 1988, Sunday, Final Edition

Bush Again Hints at 'Sleaze' Among Democratic Hopefuls

BYLINE: David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A14

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: MARIETTA, Ohio, April 30, 1988


Vice President Bush said today that the Democratic Party has "historically been
vulnerable" to the issue of government corruption and suggested anew that he had
evidence of corruption in Massachusetts, the state of leading Democratic
presidential candidate Gov. Michael S. Dukakis.

Bush, interviewed by Ohio newspaper reporters, expressed irritation at the
repeated attacks from Democrats on corruption and unethical behavior in the
Reagan administration.

"They're the ones that are making the charges about sleaze," he said, adding, in
a reference to himself: "Trying to burn a person whose image has been good in
politics. And if they want to go down the low road, we'll meet them."

Asked what evidence he had of wrongdoing in Massachusetts' politics, Bush said:
"I'm keeping my powder dry. Wait till the campaign starts. Wait till one
[Democrat] gets the nomination, wait till you see the whites of their eyes, and
see if they want to elevate an issue where their party is vulnerable and has
historically been vulnerable -- at all levels."

When a reporter pressed whether Bush personally had information about
wrongdoing, the vice president said "sure" and added: "Wrongdoing in
Massachusetts? Come on, I grew up in Massachusetts. Went to school there."

Bush did not provide examples of corruption or wrongdoing. "As we get into the
fall there's going to be plenty of stuff we can talk about," he said.

The vice president attempted again today to turn the tables on his Democratic
critics on the ethics issue. Bush said he would challenge the Democratic
candidates, Dukakis and Jesse L. Jackson, to "go back a few years" and reveal
their personal finances. "Who were your clients? Who did you do business with?
What is your income tax returns for 15 or 20 years? Get it out there so the
American people can make up their own mind on these things.

"We haven't begun to look at this ethical thing in terms of the political
contests," Bush said.

Bush campaign strategist Bob Teeter told reporters: "They are not going to nail
George Bush on sleaze. There is nothing in this perception."

The vice president has been asked repeatedly this week about the legal
difficulties of Attorney General Edwin Meese III, and said again today he wanted
to "let the system work" and not interfere with the investigations.

He said again that Meese should not resign and he criticized the "piling on"
that he said had forced then-Secretary of Labor Raymond J. Donovan from office.
"I don't want to be part of the pack. I don't want to be hounding," he said of
Meese.

Bush also today continued to paint Dukakis as another Jimmy Carter. "We gambled
back in the '70s on an unknown governor coming in there. And I don't think it
was the most successful period in our history," he said.

Democrats Jackson and Dukakis have been scornful of the administration's record
on drug abuse, and Bush has been answering them this week with challenges to
support the death penalty for drug kingpins and the appointment of tougher
judges.

Bush also suggested today he is considering a proposal to restructure the entire
government antidrug effort but provided no details. He has been in charge of the
border interdiction program since 1981.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 27, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Wall Street plays by different rules

BYLINE: Alexandra Frean

SECTION: BUSINESS; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 438 words


Wall Street firms have had to pay $1.9 billion in fines for wrongdoing in the
run-up to the financial crisis. And yet most have not been found guilty of
anything because of a longstanding practice that allows defendants to cough up
the money "without admitting or denying" wrongdoing. Crimes without criminals,
civil penalties despite no findings of guilt - welcome to the world of corporate
punishment at the Securities and Exchange Commission.

So pleased is the SEC with its track record that it recently put out a list,
below, of financial settlements to show just how tough it has become.

Predictably, most defendants were allowed to use the "without admitting or
denying wrongdoing" wording. The most recent of these is Citigroup's $285
million payment last week to settle civil fraud charges that it misled buyers of
complex mortgage investments in 2007 just as the housing market was collapsing.

The SEC persists in using the "without admitting or denying" wording, despite a
call this year from one of its own commissioners, Luis Aguilar, that it drop the
clause.

Mr Aguilar said he believed that SEC settlements should "have obvious deterrence
value" and cause those tempted to engage in similar misconduct to think twice.
Settling defendants should accept accountability for their violations, he
suggested, and even "issue mea culpas" to the public.

It is still not too late for Mr Aguilar to get some satisfaction. The Citigroup
settlement must be approved by a judge, in this case Jed Rakoff, of the Federal
District Court in Manhattan. Judging on past form Judge Rakoff is unlikely to
let the issue go without comment.

It was he who, in 2009, held up a $33 million settlement between the SEC and
Bank of America, which was accused of misleading shareholders about billions of
dollars in bonuses promised to Merrill Lynch employees when the bank bought
Merrill at the height of the financial crisis in 2008. The judge protested that
the settlement "would leave uncertain the truth of the very serious
allegations".

He ultimately approved a higher settlement of $150 million, which included a
statement of facts describing the details behind the allegations. Even so, Judge
Rakoff called it "half-baked justice at best".

Not guilty, but worse off SEC enforcement against companies linked to misconduct
before or during the financial crisis: Goldman Sachs - $550m State Street -
$300m Citigroup - $285m JP Morgan - $209.6m Bank of America - $150m Charles
Schwab - $118m Morgan Keenan - $100m Citigroup - $75m Evergreen - $40m RBC
Capital Markets - $30.4m Wachovia Capital Markets - $11m TD Ameritrade - $10m
Credit Suisse - $2.5m

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

In racial lawsuit, lawyers deny wrongdoing by hotel

BYLINE: Kevin Barlow kbarlow@pantagraph.com

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 294 words


NORMAL -- Lawyers for the Bloomington-Normal Marriott Hotel and Conference
Center deny any wrongdoing by the company, which faces a lawsuit filed by the
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

In papers filed in U.S. District Court in Peoria, David Lubben of Davis &
Campbell of Peoria and Charlie Harris of Seyferth, Blumenthal & Harris of Kansas
City, Mo., ask that the complaint be dismissed.

The hotel is owned by John Q. Hammons Hotel Management, Springfield, Mo. The
EEOC lawsuit does not name the victim nor the alleged harasser.

The EEOC filed the lawsuit after a preliminary investigation revealed an
employee was subjected to repeated racial slurs, remarks about slavery and other
offensive behavior, according to Julianne Bowman, the EEOC's district director
in Chicago.

The lawsuit, filed in September, alleges the company knew about racial
harassment toward at least one black employee beginning in September 2012 and
continuing through the present, in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.

The Act prohibits workplace discrimination on the basis of race.

The company did little or nothing to stop it, according to the complaint.

"The defendant's actions were legitimate, non-discriminatory, job-related and
consistent with appropriate business judgment," the hotel lawyers argue.

The hotel exercised reasonable care to prevent and promptly correct any
harassing, discriminatory or retaliatory behavior and the aggrieved individuals
failed to take advantage of the preventive and corrective measures provided by
the hotel to avoid harm, they added.

The lawsuit seeks compensation for emotional pain, humiliation and
inconvenience. The next hearing is scheduled for Jan. 8 in Peoria.

Follow Kevin Barlow on Twitter: @pg_barlow.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          February 17, 2010 Wednesday

O'keefe's Stunts Exposed

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

In your Jan. 28 story about Rep. Joe Pitts' reaction to the arrest of a GOP
activist on multiple felony counts, you noted that Pitts believed the charges
against the activist "don't change the fact that he also exposed wrongdoing by
ACORN last year."

That's a willful deception at best; at worst, an outright lie. The stunt by the
activist, James O'Keefe, who secretly filmed ACORN employees responding to
questions by a woman posing as a prostitute and O'Keefe posing as her friend,
has not been found by any official agency to be evidence of ACORN "wrongdoing."
Quite the contrary.

A report by the independent Congressional Research Service found that O'Keefe's
secret videotaping of individuals and distribution of the video on the Internet
without their permission was a violation of state laws.

The video has not been deemed credible evidence of anything because of a whole
laundry list of shady editing tactics and stagecraft. O'Keefe, meanwhile, has
refused to allow anyone in an official capacity to see the raw footage so a
legal allegation of wrongdoing, if it occurred, could be brought.

What is most distressing about the whole affair is that Pitts and other GOP
congressmen actually introduced a resolution praising O'Keefe for his "exemplary
actions."

Despite O'Keefe's arrest in Louisiana for posing as a telephone company employee
to enter a federal building illegally and gain access to a U.S. senator's
communications system, Pitts and fellow Republicans continued to defend his
ACORN stunt as a heroic exposé.

Why are Republicans so determined to smear ACORN, a community-organizing group
that has been a tireless advocate for the poor and hugely successful in
registering minority citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote?

Never mind. Stupid question.

Rick Sauder

Lancaster Township

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     February 1, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The Knowledge Group Has Scheduled a Live Webcast on The Yates Memo and the
Evolving FCPA Enforcement Paradigm in the 2017 Landscape

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 318  words


New York, NY,  February 01, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, announced today that it has scheduled a live webcast entitled: The
Yates Memo and the Evolving FCPA Enforcement Paradigm in the 2017 Landscape.
This two-hour event is scheduled on February 07, 2017 at 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM (ET).

Event Synopsis:

Last September 2015, the Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates released a memo
entitled "Individual Accountability for Corporate Wrongdoing," now known as the
"Yates Memo," to provide a strengthened focus on individual liability for
alleged corporate wrongdoing.

In this live webcast, a seasoned panel of thought leaders and professionals
assembled by The Knowledge Group will help the audience understand all the
important issues surrounding the Yates Memo and the evolving FCPA enforcement
landscape. Speakers will provide the audience with the fundamentals as well as
recent developments with regard to this significant topic.

Key topics include:

- Yates Memo - An Overview

- FCPA Enforcement Trends

- SEC Broken Windows Enforcement

- Trends and Developments

- What Lies Ahead in 2017?

Speakers/Faculty Panel:

Hogan Lovells US LLP

Michael Kelly

Partner

Paul Hastings LLP

Morgan A. Heavener

Of Counsel

Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP

John F. Wood

Partner

Wilson Keadjian Browndorf, LLP

Claude W. Roxborough III

Managing Partner

For an updated list of the faculty panel, please visit:

https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2279

About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group, LLC brings together the world's leading authorities and
industry participants through informative two-hour webcasts that study the
impact of changing regulations and help businesses succeed through proper
regulatory compliance.

Visit http://theknowledgegroup.org/ for further information and inquiry.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 26, 1989, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

INVESTIGATORS CHARGE WRONGDOING IN IRS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 707 words


WASHINGTON - House investigators said Tuesday that their inquiry into
InternalRevenue Service involvement in eight cases, starting with a dispute
between jeans makers, had uncovered widespread wrongdoing by the criminal
divison of the nation's tax agency.  The investigators, Leonard Bernard and
Richard Stana, said the Washington headquarters of the service had showed a
''serious failure'' to ''effectively manage employee integrity programs.'' ''Our
investigation revealed, for example, that on a number of occasions, IRS national
office officials at the highest levels ignored instances of wrongdoing by senior
managers in Washington, D.C. and elsewhere,'' Stana told the House Government
Operations subcommittee on commerce, consumer and monetary affairs, for whom he
and Bernard worked.  Additionally, underlings at the agency said they feared
retaliation if they blew the whistle on their superiors, the investigators said.
''If improvements are needed we are interested in making the improvements,''
said Ellen Murphy, director of public affairs for the IRS.  ''We and the
subcommittee are headed in the same direction.'' The investigators' testimony
opened three days of hearings by the subcommittee. IRS officials were to testify
today and Thursday.  Bernard and Stana said at the outset that the vast majority
of IRS employees, including senior officials, understand the importance of high
ethical standards. They conceded that their investigation was limited to a small
fraction of the activities of the Criminal Investigative Division.  ''However,''
they said, ''the abuses we found underscore the lack of intensive management
review and internal auditing of CID programs and operations.'' Bernard
acknowledged that he was ''unable to quantify the extent of wrongdoing'' by
senior IRS managers. He insisted, however, that ''significant numbers of
integrity problems exist'' at senior levels of the IRS.  ''Unfortunately, the
cases we have examined and the information provided by many current and former
IRS employees who have reported problems to us strongly indicate that there has
been a significant erosion of ethical standards among many at the highest levels
of the service,'' he added.  As the two investigators described it, the fight
between the Jordache and Guess? jeans companies was a tale of limousines,
parties and promises of highly paid jobs revolving around the former chief of
the division's Los Angeles office, Ronald Saranow.  ''What our investigation
disclosed was a powerful criminal investigation chief who, together with a cadre
of loyal subordinates, was beyond the control of his regional commissioner and
the IRS commissioner in Washington,'' the investigators said.  The
subcommittee's eight cases included two others involving Saranow and five others
involving some senior officials f rom all seven IRS regions, including an
unidentified official who was alleged to have used an IRS undercover boat for a
Fourth of July beer party, improperly paid for with government funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 26, 2009 Sunday

'BAD COP' SUIT$ COST THE CITY A HALF-BILLION

BYLINE: JAMES FANELLI

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535 words


The city has coughed up $540 million in payouts related to improper police
actions since 1998 -  and taxpayer cost for such cases hit a record high last
year.

In 1998, the city paid lawsuit settlements or judgments to 571 claimants who
accused the NYPD of bad behavior. That figure more than doubled to 1,265 in
2008, according to Law Department data.

The amount of money shelled out each year also doubled in the past decade. The
city paid $31.8 million in 1998, and $66.4 million in 2008.

"What it reveals is a steadily increasing problem of police wrongdoing over the
course of the Bloomberg administration," said Donna Lieberman, executive
director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. "Both in terms of the number of
incidents and the cost of wrongdoing, the trend is in the wrong direction."

She said the rise in payouts paralleled a rise in the number of police-abuse
complaints made to the Civilian Complaint Review Board.

But NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said payouts aren't always a reflection of police
misconduct.

"Actions in which the police are innocent of wrongdoing, and in which the city
admits none, nonetheless frequently result in settlements which enrich
plaintiffs and their lawyers at monetary expense to the public and at the
expense of the NYPD's good name," Browne said.

The 10,625 payouts made over the last 10 years stemmed from lawsuits accusing
the NYPD of false arrest, malicious prosecutions, excessive force or other
misconduct. Some of these payouts came in cases filed more than a decade ago.

"It is important to note that most of the payouts are for incidents that arose
in the past and are not reflective of current trends," city Law Department
spokeswoman Elizabeth Thomas said.

The biggest settlement in 2008 was $3.4 million to Hector Gonzalez, who sued the
city in 2004 after spending more than six years in prison on a wrongful murder
conviction.

He was sent to the slammer in 1996 at age 17 for the slaying of a Brooklyn bar
patron a year before.

The conviction was thrown out in April 2002 after evidence emerged in an FBI
investigation into the Latin Kings gang, and a DNA test exonerated Gonzalez.

According to his lawyer, Nick Brustin, an NYPD detective and lieutenant
investigating the murder used unreliable witnesses and withheld results of a
lineup that would have helped clear Gonzalez, now 32.

Brustin, who specializes in civil-rights matters involving police, said cases
like Gonzalez's rarely lead to departmental changes or investigations of cops.

"We see no suggestion that the Police Department is looking at what is happening
in some very serious civil-rights cases in terms of addressing problem officers,
policing procedures and police training," Brustin said.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The city has paid out more than $540 million in 10,625 NYPD-related lawsuits
involving

false arrests, malicious prosecution and excessive force in the last 10 years:

1998   571 / $32M

1999    861 / $51M

2000    925 / $50.6M

2001    926 / $48M

2002    950 / $40.6M

2003    989 / $56M

2004    1,041 / $60M

2005    949 / $44.7M

2006    996 / $42M

2007    1,152 / $49M

2008    1,265 / $66M

number of payouts / total of all payouts

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wrongfully jailed Hector Gonzalez got $3.4 million. (Dan Brinzac)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Crime and wrongdoing allegations documented against Sykes were expelled.

LENGTH: 244  words


Morgan D. Sykes Jr., of Wausau, additionally was given 10 years of stretched out
supervision to take after his jail sentence and requested to have no contact
with his casualties for being a gathering to the wrongdoing of first-degree
heedlessly imperiling wellbeing with utilization of a risky weapon and being a
criminal possessing a gun. Marathon County Circuit Judge Jill Falstad sentenced
Sykes Thursday.

38-year-old man indicted shooting a gun outside a bar in 2015 was sentenced to
nine years in jail.

As indicated by court records, Sykes and Brian J. Fisher, 36, of Wausau, were
outside a bar battling 1:30 a.m. July 8, 2015, when they hauled out guns and
started discharging them. Witnesses announced hearing in the vicinity of 10 and
15 shots. The two fled after the battle however were caught later in the day,
police said. The two wouldn`t tell police how the battle began.

Observation video from Its Our Clubhouse and Yours bar on Third Avenue in Wausau
demonstrates the firearm fight between Brian Fisher and Morgan Sykes, which
occurred at a young hour in the morning, Wednesday, July 8.

Fisher already argued not liable to four checks of being a gathering to the
wrongdoing of rashly imperiling security and one include being a criminal
ownership of a gun regarding a similar episode. His next court appearance is
booked for Feb. 28.

Four extra lawful offense and two wrongdoing accusations recorded against Sykes
were expelled. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday

SEC issues fraud charges against Delphi execs

BYLINE: DAVID SHEPARDSON, Detroit News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 384 words


WASHINGTON -- In a stunning fall from grace, J.T. Battenberg, the once
highly-respected ex-chairman and CEO of Delphi Corp., was among 13 people
charged Monday after a 27-month investigation by the Securities and Exchange
Commission's into widespread accounting fraud at the bankrupt auto supplier.

In a civil complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Detroit, the SEC detailed a
laundry list of fraudulent accounting at Delphi that inflated the company's
earnings and misled investors about its declining financial health.

Battenberg and former chief financial officer, Alan Dawes, were among nine
ex-Delphi executives accused by the SEC of participating in a fraudulent scheme
from 2000 to 2004. Four other executives -- including the CEO of a Southfield,
Mich.-turnaround firm and three at Texas-based EDS -- also were charged.

The SEC filing raises questions about the conduct of Delphi's former parent,
General Motors Corp., in a 2000 transaction that is the subject of a separate
and ongoing SEC probe.

The SEC also charged Troy, Mich.-based Delphi in the complaint. The company
settled with the SEC without admitting or denying wrongdoing and will not face
penalties, partly because it cooperated with the investigation.

Six of the people charged Monday, including Dawes, agreed to settle with the SEC
and pay fines and costs totaling $1.4 million. They did not admit or deny
wrongdoing. Dawes agreed to $687,000 in fines and a five-year ban on serving as
an officer or director of a public company.

"The facts here are particularly troubling because of the number of fraudulent
schemes engaged in by Delphi, the length of time over which they occurred, and
the number of Delphi employees, including senior officers, who carried out the
schemes," said Linda Chatman Thomsen, the SEC's enforcement director.

A criminal investigation by the Justice Department is ongoing.

Delphi, which filed for Chapter 11 protection in October 2005, hopes to emerge
from bankruptcy next year after closing 21 of its 29 U.S. factories.

The charges against Battenberg, who denied wrongdoing Monday, had been expected
but were nonetheless jarring given his status as one of the preeminent Detroit
auto executives of the past two decades.

Battenberg announced his retirement in February 2005, shortly before the SEC
probe was announced.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

Melrose schools cleared of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Kevin Wilson, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


June 22--After more than a year of accusations Melrose Schools misused special
education dollars, Superintendent Jamie Widner wants his school cleared of
wrongdoing at a volume relative to which it was accused.

A week after the New Mexico Public Education Department issued a press release
on findings of Tier II special education audits, Widner on Friday issued his own
release noting that the audits cleared Melrose of wrongdoing.

"Our school was singled out because the data the PED used was incorrectly
interpreted and I've asked for our school to be cleared throughout this
process," Widner said. "On June 15, we were vindicated by the PED and given a
report that clears our school."

An April 2011 audit of 34 schools and approximately 10,000 files included
Melrose, Portales, Fort Sumner and Clovis districts. Portales was cleared, while
Fort Sumner and Clovis were cited for minor reporting compliance issues.

A more intense second audit -- performed by an independent auditor -- was
applied to the Melrose, Alamogordo, Cobre, Espanola, Gallup-McKinley,
Grants-Cibola County, Las Cruces, Pojoaque Valley and Taos districts and the
Nuestros Valores Charter School.

Widner said Melrose was red-flagged for the second round of audits by a
misinterpretation of the school's enrollment numbers at the pre-kindergarten
level.

On June 15, Widner received a letter from Hanna Skandera, Secretary-Designate of
Education for the state, noting no findings against Melrose. It was the only
school to have no findings from the Tier II audits.

"We are pleased to report that there are no special education findings for
Melrose Public Schools in the items reviewed in the Tier II audit," the letter
from Skandera said. "Thank you for your commitment to your students and working
with us to ensure all students receive the services they deserve."

The same day, a press release from Skandera's office detailed findings of more
than $4 million in questionable spending revealed by the audits, but made no
mention of individual schools or districts. Observations ranged from budgeting
discrepancies and sloppy filing to more egregious violations, including $16,000
for a conference at Disney World and $81,000 on a pair of Chevrolet Suburbans.

Widner's issue is that because the release did not clear Melrose, the average
person would infer guilt by simply being one of the "nasty nine" districts. To
discover Melrose's innocence, that same person would have needed to visit the
department website, download the full report and find Melrose on the 40th page
of a 67-page report.

As a result, Widner said, Melrose's guilt is inferred by association but its
innocence is buried 40 pages into a 67-page report that requires a separate
download from the PED website.

The PED on Friday did not address Widner's specific concern, but released a
statement in response.

"We are grateful for the cooperation auditors received from the staff of Melrose
schools," Public Information Officer Larry Behrens said in the statement. "In
addition, PED will publicly take the position that among the items examined,
auditors found no issues in Melrose schools and the district is to be commended
for their diligence."

___ (c)2012 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120622-CJ-Melrose-schools-cleared-of-wrongdoing-0622-20120622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2012 Clovis News Journal


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

FBI finds no wrongdoing in McAdams investigation

BYLINE: Katie McKellar Deseret News

LENGTH: 288 words


By Katie McKellar

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - The FBI has concluded an investigation of Salt Lake County
Mayor Ben McAdams, apparently ending the hailstorm of accusations that erupted
earlier this year between the mayor and now former state lawmaker Justin Miller.

"The FBI investigation into McAdams' matter has been concluded, and we found no
evidence of wrongdoing," FBI agent Todd Palmer said Friday.

In May, McAdams accused Miller - who worked as the mayor's campaign manager in
2012 - of embezzling more than $20,000 from his campaign accounts.

But Miller fired back, accusing the mayor of making corrupt government contracts
with campaign firms.

"We're not surprised," said McAdams' spokeswoman Alyson Heyrend. "We've known,
and we've said for a long time, that there has been no wrongdoing on the part of
Mayor McAdams."

Heyrend said several months ago the FBI came to the county and asked for
documentation from the Salt Lake County District Attorney's Office, as well as
information from McAdams regarding his allegations against Miller.

In October, Miller pleaded guilty to communications fraud, a second-degree
felony, for embezzling nearly $25,000 from McAdams' campaign funds and resigned
from his position representing District 40 in the Utah House of Representatives.

According to charging documents, Miller wrote checks to himself off of McAdams'
campaign account for owed amounts, then he would use his personal American
Express credit card to pay the campaign bills.

When a catering company declined his credit card, Miller wrote another campaign
check and he never repaid the funds.

He is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 18 and faces a possible maximum sentence of
one to 15 years in prison.

Email: kmckellar@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

New guidance by US DoJ on overseas malpractices by cos.

LENGTH: 315 words

DATELINE: Washigton


Washigton, Nov. 11 -- The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) guidance by the
US Department of Justice (DoJ) that will follow new policies, issued earlier in
September by it, focuses more on targeting individuals, and gives credit to
companies that hand over evidence on executives suspected of wrongdoing,
according to a report in the global media.

The DoJ is finalising new guidance, detailing the circumstances under which
companies would be forced to plead guilty for violations of foreign corruption
laws, as well as how to avoid the outcome, the report said.

At the same time, the DoJ is giving more attention to investigations involving
the FCPA-related cases, it adds.

According to people familiar with the situation, companies would require to have
a better understanding of what they can do to co-operate in foreign corruption
investigations that would cause the DoJ to decline to pursue a case against
them, the report added.

Earlier, the DoJ was accused of not pursuing enough guilty pleas from companies
that commit wrongdoing. and opted for what critics see as the softer option of
deffered prosecution agreement (DPAs).

The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) this year, the report further said,
assigned dozens more agents to focus on FCPA-related cases in its offices in New
York, Washington and Los Angeles.

Companies, according to the report, are likely to have to plead guilty, instead
of having the option of entering into a DPA, in cases where egregious wrongdoing
is found. This allows them to avoid such a plea if they do not commit further
offences over a certain period of time.

The guidance is still being finalised and the details could change, the report
added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Law firm turns to high court after losing legal-fee appeal;
Searcy law firm to go to Supreme Court after losing legal-fee appeal;
Searcy says limiting fee could hurt future victims.

BYLINE:  By Jane Musgrave   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


Attorneys at one of Palm Beach County's most prominent personal injury law firms
spent more than 7,000 hours and paid out $500,000 for experts to win $15 million
for a Lee County youth with brain damage caused by medical mistakes.

For all that, the firm deserves $100,000, a deeply divided 4th District Court of
Appeal ruled Wednesday.

Warning that the decision could rob other victims of government wrongdoing the
chance to recover money for horrific injuries, attorney Christian Searcy said
his firm plans to appeal.

He readily acknowledged that part of his outrage stems from the appeals court's
rejection of the $2.5 million the firm sought for representing 17-year-old Aaron
Edwards in his decade-long fight against Lee Memorial Hospital -- first in court
and then in the Florida Legislature. But, he insisted, the money is only a
fraction of his concerns.

If state lawmakers are allowed to stiff lawyers on cases involving government
wrongdoing, as the appeals court ruled, no attorney will be willing to represent
people, like Edwards, who deserve to be compensated for injuries, he said.

"Hopefully, the Florida Supreme Court will find the unreasonable limitation to
be unconstitutional," Searcy said. "If the majority opinion stands, people who
are victims of injuries by governmental entities won't be able to get
representation anymore."

The case turns on a system Florida uses to compensate victims of government
wrongdoing. By law, the maximum a person can get from a city, county, public
school or hospital, or other public agency is $200,000. If a jury awards a
victim of government wrongdoing more, he or she must seek what is known as a
claims bill, asking state lawmakers to approve an extra amount.

In Edwards' case, a Lee County jury awarded the youth and his parents $30
million for brain damage he sustained during his 1997 birth at Lee Memorial
Hospital in Fort Myers. In 2012, after years of wrangling, the Legislature
agreed the Lee Memorial Health System, which runs the hospital, should pay him
$15 million. In the claims bill, it said Searcy's firm, which represented
Edwards, could recover $100,000.

Writing for the two-judge majority, appeals court Judge Alan Forst said he was
sympathetic to the plight of the firm, Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley.
But, Forst and Judge Burton Conner said under the separation of powers doctrine,
it had to uphold the Legislature's decision. While state law allows attorneys to
receive as much as 25 percent of the amount awarded in a claims bill, it doesn't
require it and Edwards' claims bill specifically limited the amount to $100,000,
Forst wrote.

In a dissent, Judge Cory Ciklin supported Searcy's contention that the
legislative limit was unconstitutional because it violated the firm's contract
with the family. In the contract, the Edwards agreed to pay Searcy 25 percent of
whatever money was recovered.

Further, Ciklin said, such contingency contracts are the only way many people
can afford to file lawsuits. If they aren't honored, the courthouse will be
off-limits to people of limited means, he said. "The courts shall be open to
every person for redress of any injury, and justice shall be administered
without sale, denial or delay," he wrote, quoting Florida's Constitution.

jmusgrave@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 17, 2016 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Arresting impunity for Maryland police

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 523 words


IT TOOK the death of Freddie Gray, and the resulting backlash against law
enforcement, but Maryland lawmakers finally seem ready to embrace reforms that
would subject police to greater accountability.

Leaders of the Senate and House of Delegates in Annapolis have pledged to enact
recommendations from a state task force that expand rights for victims of police
brutality and remove special privileges that can shield bad cops from
discipline. The reforms would also broaden police recruiting to include more
women and minorities; improve data-gathering and reporting so the public could
track police abuses and discipline; and open disciplinary proceedings to include
civilian input and scrutiny.

Those would all be important steps in cleaning up a system that has allowed
officers and law enforcement agencies to sidestep responsibility for their
actions. Police chiefs and civil rights organizations have complained about this
regime for years; only recently, following Mr. Gray's death and the riots that
ensued in Baltimore, did those complaints gain traction.

No sooner had the task force issued its recommendations than the Fraternal Order
of Police, which represents uniformed officers, pronounced itself summarily
opposed to any changes. And no wonder, given that the current system grants such
vast privileges to police officers facing internal investigations for
allegations of abuse, brutality and other wrongdoing.

Among the privileges that would be rolled back is the so-called cooling-off
period, which grants officers suspected of wrongdoing 10 days of silence before
they must start cooperating with internal-affairs investigators - plenty of time
to get their story straight with other officers. That would be halved to five
days, which is more than enough time to hire a lawyer.

Under the panel's proposals, victims of alleged police brutality would have a
year, instead of just three months, to lodge complaints. The law that forbids
civilians from sitting on disciplinary boards for officers accused of wrongdoing
would be scrapped. Official police department policies and collective bargaining
agreements, sometimes hard-to-find documents that often contain sweetheart
provisions protecting bad cops, would be posted online.

The task force made some concessions to police unions. It rejected regular
psychological evaluations for officers in favor of ones at intervals set by a
commission that would be established to set best practices and standards for law
enforcement agencies statewide. It ruled out anonymous complaints of police
abuse, which civil rights groups favored. And officers suspected of using
excessive force would face internal trial boards that may still be tilted in
favor of accused cops.

The excessive protections afforded Maryland police, far beyond those granted
civilians accused of wrongdoing, have helped poison the public's trust and
confidence in law enforcement. They have contributed to impressions and evidence
that impunity for police officers who abuse the privileges conferred by their
badges is not the exception but the rule. It is  critical that Maryland
lawmakers restore some balance.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 19, 2014

Wells Breaks from Big-Bank Pack, Fights FHA Fraud Claims

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19 Vol. 38 No. 34

LENGTH: 533  words


Following two years in which its big-bank peers paid almost $2 billion to
resolve fraud accusations by the Federal Housing Administration, Wells Fargo &
Co. has decided it isn't giving up so easily.

Wells Fargo was one of five banks that agreed in 2012 to a nationwide, $25
billion settlement with the Justice Department over mortgage wrongdoing that
included botched foreclosures.

The FHA then took additional action against four of the banks, including Wells
Fargo, for related housing-crisis wrongdoing. Bank of America Corp., Citigroup
Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. decided to settle those matters. San
Francisco-based Wells Fargo, which argued the nationwide settlement should have
blocked the new FHA claims against it, chose to fight.

Today, the most profitable bank in the U.S. last year is set to tell a federal
appeals court in Washington that the FHA lawsuit was a "brazen attempt" to
impose "massive fraud liability" only six months after it paid $5 billion as
part of the national accord, according to court papers.

"You go back to their DNA. They fight things. They always go down swinging,"
said Paul Miller, a banking analyst at FBR Capital Markets Corp. in Arlington,
Va.

He said the size of a potential settlement is likely to be "a rounding error"
for the bank. Ancel Martinez, a spokesman for Wells Fargo, declined to comment
on the case.

In the FHA lawsuit, filed in Manhattan federal court, the agency, which insures
loans to help lower income individuals buy homes, alleged that it paid hundreds
of millions of dollars on defaulted mortgages because Wells Fargo didn't
properly vet the origination of individual loans.

Wells Fargo turned to the federal judge overseeing the nationwide settlement,
asking her to block the FHA suit in New York. U.S. District Judge Rosemary
Collyer in Washington refused, holding that while the language in the settlement
protects banks against some FHA lawsuits, it doesn't cover the allegations made
in the New York case.

Wells Fargo received immunity from lawsuits over allegedly false reports it made
that it was complying with all FHA and Department of Housing and Urban
Development rules, Collyer said. The immunity didn't extend to alleged
violations of HUD or FHA rules on the vetting or origination of individual
loans, Collyer wrote in her February 2013 ruling.

Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America and its Countrywide unit agreed to pay $1
billion in February 2012, while New York-based Citigroup resolved its Federal
Housing Administration suit the same month by paying $158.3 million.

In February, New York-based JPMorgan agreed to pay $614 million to settle claims
that it improperly approved Federal Housing Administration and Veterans Affairs
loans.

If Wells Fargo, which had $21.9 billion in net income last year, does eventually
negotiate an end to the FHA case, the size of the settlement may resemble the
JPMorgan deal, Miller said.

There's relatively little risk in the strategy, said Peter Henning, a former
lawyer with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a professor at Wayne
State University Law School in Detroit.

"If you win, you save a lot of money," Henning said. "And if you lose, you do
what you would have done anyway."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 15, 2001 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

FIRED ENTERPRISE EXEC DETAILS ALLEGED FISCAL IRREGULARITIES;
 COMPANY DENIES WRONGDOING, PROMISES STRONG COURT DEFENSE

BYLINE: David Nicklaus And Christopher Carey Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 901 words


A former executive of Enterprise Rent-A-Car Co. alleges in a
wrongful-termination lawsuit that the company engaged in a variety of financial
practices that deceived consumers and could have deceived potential investors.

The company, in a statement Thursday, denied wrongdoing.

The former executive, Thomas P. Dunn, was fired in January as Enterprise's vice
president and corporate controller.

In the suit, Dunn alleged that he lost his job at the Clayton-based company
because he objected to some accounting practices he considered unethical.

Many of those practices came to light, the suit said, when Enterprise was
contemplating an initial public stock offering in 1999 and 2000.

Enterprise is the biggest rental car company in North America and one of
Missouri's biggest privately held businesses.

The company claimed revenue of $5.6 billion last year, up 18 percent from the
previous year. It employs more than 3,300 people in the St. Louis area.

Dunn alleged that his superiors at Enterprise directed him to provide false
information that would have been used in registration materials for the stock
sale and would have caused investors to overvalue the company's shares.

Dunn detailed his allegations in an amended complaint filed Wednesday in St.
Louis County Circuit Court.

He accused the company of:

Imposing a surcharge on rental-car customers in Missouri, Alabama and North
Carolina that was "a deceptive trade practice, whereby the customer would be
misled into believing that the 'surcharge' was a tax or other government
charge."

Licensing disproportionate numbers of cars in states with low licensing fees,
rather than licensing cars in the states where they were primarily used.

Over-depreciating rental cars.

Over-reserving for self-insurance expense on its vehicles.

Accounting for sales of used rental cars in a manner that obscured the size and
profitability of that segment of its business.

In denying Dunn's allegations, Patrick T. Farrell, assistant vice president for
corporate communications, said Enterprise "adheres to the highest legal and
financial standards, and its financial practices and statements are audited
annually by a large, independent public accounting firm."

The statement added, "Enterprise strongly and unequivocally denies all the
allegations in Mr. Dunn's lawsuit. We believe these allegations to be defamatory
and made without any basis in fact."

Dunn, 40, joined Enterprise as an accountant in 1986. He rose rapidly through
the ranks, becoming corporate controller in 1992 and adding a vice president
title in 1994.

Dunn's compensation at the time of his firing was about $650,000 a year, the
suit said. He is seeking a minimum of $5 million in damages for lost wages and
benefits, emotional injury and distress, loss of reputation and loss of earning
capacity.

Enterprise wouldn't respond to Dunn's specific allegations.

"We believe this matter should not be tried in the press," Farrell said. "The
company deeply regrets that this dispute with a former employee will need to be
addressed in a court of law, but we intend to defend ourselves vigorously."

According to the amended complaint, Dunn became aware upon his promotion to
controller that Enterprise was employing "unethical, illegal, and deceptive
business practice schemes involving customers, employees, and government
regulatory and taxing authorities."

Dunn corrected as many of those practices as possible, the complaint said, and
directed others in the corporate accounting department to do the same.

But Dunn was unable to stop what the suit described as Enterprise's policy of
putting a "surcharge" on daily rental bills in Missouri and two other states, in
a place on the bill that made it appear to be a tax or government assessment
instead of a company fee.

Dunn's concerns about Enterprise's accounting came to a head in 1999, the
complaint said, when the company began considering an initial public offering.

Representatives of investment banker Goldman, Sachs & Co. also had reservations,
the suit alleged, particularly about the over-depreciation of cars and about
high compensation levels for senior executives.

Here, according to the complaint, is what happened next:

Dunn told his boss, Chief Financial Officer John O'Connell, that he agreed with
Goldman, Sachs. He also raised additional accounting issues.

Afterward, Dunn was subjected to "a series of coercive and harassing tactics,"
including being put on probation "for allegedly disrespecting senior managers
and for not having a 'vision' in touch with Enterprise's strategic positions."

Dunn's 90-day probation ended in Nov. 1999 and he was told that Andrew C.
Taylor, Enterprise's chief executive, would let him stay "as long as he
behaved."

Last year, as the company continued to work toward the public offering, Dunn
raised additional questions about Enterprise's accounting practices.

Because of his objections, the company was forced to scrap the plan last October
- just two weeks before it intended to file the necessary documents with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the suit alleges.

Dunn said in his complaint that he consistently had earned favorable performance
reviews and had gotten four special achievement awards from Taylor and two from
Don Ross, Enterprise's chief operating officer . Nevertheless, Taylor and
O'Connell fired him on Jan. 4.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday
                                 Drive Edition

Q&A WITH JOE E. EDWARDS;
DODD-FRANK WHISTLE-BLOWER RULING MAY BENEFIT EMPLOYERS

BYLINE: PAULA BURKES, BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 642 words


Q: The U. S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit recently found the Dodd-Frank
Act's anti-retaliation provision doesn't protect employees who report alleged
fraud internally to their employers. Such protection requires the employee to
disclose the allegedly fraudulent conduct to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). What are the specifics of this case?

A: In Asadi v. GE Energy USA LLC, Khaled Asadi, a former GE Energy USA LLC
executive, reported allegedly fraudulent conduct involving a possible securities
law violation to his employer. Asadi was fired thereafter and filed suit in
February 2012. Asadi, who'd served as GE's Iraq executive from 2006 to 2011 and
helped GE coordinate with Iraq's central government, learned that GE had hired
an individual who was "closely associated" with Iraq's senior deputy minister of
electricity. Asadi alleged that the hiring had occurred to provide GE with a
competitive advantage in its talks to secure a contract with Iraq's electricity
agency. Asadi reported his concerns to his immediate supervisor and to GE's
ombudsman for the region. Asadi subsequently received a negative performance
review and was fired in 2011.

The trial court dismissed Asadi's complaint because U.S. whistle-blower
legislation didn't apply overseas. On appeal, the 5th Circuit questioned whether
Asadi could even count as a whistle-blower, because he had limited his reporting
to internal channels instead of reporting to the SEC. Under Dodd-Frank, a
whistle-blower is any individual who discloses potential wrongdoing to the SEC.
A separate anti-retaliation provision in Dodd-Frank allows whistle-blowers to
sue their employers for retaliation in several situations, including if their
activity is protected by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
contains a much shorter period of time within which potential wrongdoing must be
disclosed to the Department of Labor to qualify for whistle-blower protections.

Q: How did this ruling differ from previous rulings/regulations?

A: The SEC had previously addressed how these two provisions should be read
together by issuing a final regulation. That regulation allows the term
"whistle-blower" to include individuals who report internally to their employers
and those individuals who report to the SEC. Five federal district courts also
had ruled on the two provisions and followed the SEC's final regulatory
guidance. The 5th Circuit disagreed.

Q: What impact will this have on employers and employees?

A: As the first federal appellate court to address this, the 5th Circuit's
decision will be persuasive. However, since this decision is the first to take a
path distinct from that of the SEC, other federal appellate courts may disagree.
If so, differing federal appellate decisions may be resolved by the U.S. Supreme
Court. Employers will strongly favor the 5th Circuit's ruling, as it will
clearly diminish the wave of frivolous anti-retaliation suits.

Q: When is this issue expected to be resolved, and what are the next steps?

A: First, attorneys representing employees will now advise that alleged
wrongdoing should be reported internally and to the SEC. Some whistle-blowers
may choose to report alleged wrongdoing directly to the SEC, rather than
internally to their employers. If no reporting has been made to the SEC of
alleged wrongdoing, a claim under Dodd-Frank will be less attractive to
attorneys seeking recourse for clients who fail to meet the requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Sarbanes-Oxley requires, among other things, that
whistle-blowers report alleged wrongdoing to the Department of Labor within a
180-day statute of limitations. In contrast, Dodd-Frank's statute of limitations
is 10 years. The Asadi case may well limit the number of Dodd-Frank claims and
make relief under Dodd-Frank and Sarbanes-Oxley more equivalent.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joe E. Edwards
An attorney with Crowe & Dunlevy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            April 19, 2011, Tuesday

NEWS Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 903 words


Inquiry clears McChrystal of any wrongdoing

WASHINGTON - A Pentagon inquiry into a Rolling Stone magazine profile of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal that led to his dismissal as the top U.S. commander in
Afghanistan has cleared him of wrongdoing.

The probe's results released Monday also called into question the accuracy of
the magazine's report last June, which quoted anonymously people around
McChrystal making disparaging remarks about members of President Obama's
national security team, including Vice President Joe Biden.

At the time he dismissed McChrystal, Obama said the general had fallen short of
"the standard that should be set by a commanding general.'' The Defense
Department inspector general's report, however, concluded that available
evidence did not support the conclusion that McChrystal had violated any
applicable legal or ethics standard.

Last week, the White House tapped McChrystal to head a new advisory board to
support military families, an initiative led by first lady Michelle Obama and
Jill Biden, wife of the vice president. The selection of McChrystal was
announced on April 12, four days after the inspector general's report was
finished.

Woman indicted in boyfriend's death

RALEIGH, N.C. - The woman who falsely accused three Duke lacrosse players of
raping her was charged Monday with murder in the death of her boyfriend.

Crystal Mangum was indicted on a charge of first-degree murder and two counts of
larceny. She has been in jail since April 3, when police charged her with
assault in the stabbing of 46-year-old Reginald Daye. He died after nearly two
weeks at a hospital.

An attorney for Mangum and officials in the district attorney's office did not
immediately return calls seeking comment.

Mangum falsely accused the lacrosse players of raping her at a 2006 party at
which she was hired to perform as a stripper. The case heightened long-standing
tensions in Durham about race, class and the privileged status of college
athletes.

L.A. Times wins Pulitzer for exposing big salaries

NEW YORK - The Los Angeles Times won a Pulitzer Prize for public service Monday
for a series revealing that politicians in the struggling, working-class city of
Bell, Calif., were paying themselves enormous, six-figure salaries.

The newspaper's reporting that officials in the 37,000-resident town were
jacking up property taxes and other fees in part to cover the huge salaries led
to arrests and the ouster of some of Bell's top officials.

The Times won a second Pulitzer for feature photography, and The New York Times
was awarded two Pulitzers for international reporting and for commentary.

Protesters in Syria challenge authorities

BEIRUT - More than 5,000 anti-government protesters in Syria took over the main
square of the country's third-largest city Monday, vowing to occupy the site
until President Bashar Assad is ousted and defying authorities who warn they
will not be forced into reforms.

The government, however, blamed the weeks of anti-government unrest in the
country on ultraconservative Muslims seeking to establish a fundamentalist state
and terrorize the people, in the latest official effort to portray the reform
movement as populated by extremists.

Readings: Radiation in Japan's reactor too high

TOKYO - A pair of thin robots on treads sent to explore buildings inside Japan's
crippled nuclear reactor came back Monday with disheartening news: Radiation
levels are far too high for repair crews to go inside.

Nevertheless, officials remained hopeful they can stick to their freshly minted
"roadmap" for cleaning up the radiation leak and stabilizing the Fukushima
Dai-ichi plant by year's end so they can begin returning tens of thousands of
evacuees to their homes.

"Even I had expected high radioactivity in those areas. I'm sure [plant operator
Tokyo Electric Power Co.] and other experts have factored in those figures when
they compiled the roadmap," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said.

- the associated press

Cuba's Communist Party holds leadership vote

HAVANA (AP) - Cuba's Communist Party began the process of electing new leaders
Monday in a vote that is likely to formally name Raul Castro as first secretary
in place of his brother. All eyes were on the selection of the No. 2 position,
which could signal the Castros' choice of an eventual successor.

The vote came during a historic Party Congress convened to consider hundreds of
changes that officials hope will breathe life, along with a certain free-market
spirit, into an ailing economy. Committees gave preliminary approval to a number
of measures, including one that would let Cubans buy and sell private homes,
something that has been prohibited since the 1959 revolution.

An official photograph taken by Cuban state media from inside the spacious
convention hall where the party confab was taking place showed Castro placing
his vote inside a ballot box. The ballot read, "Candidacy for Members of the
Central Committee." A box reading, "Vote for All," was checked on the ballot,
indicating that Castro had approved an entire slate of candidates.

The candidates themselves are not visible in the picture, and it was not clear
when the new leadership will be announced. The party congress is scheduled to
wrap up Tuesday.

Fidel and Raul Castro have held the top two spots in the Communist Party since
its creation in 1965. But at this year's Sixth Party Congress, there is an air
of mystery surrounding the leadership vote.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              July 8, 2008 Tuesday

Ex-Port Authority Chief Sees Possible Ground Zero Crimes

BYLINE: PETER KIEFER -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 359 words


The construction delays and cost overruns at ground zero may have constituted
fraud or other crimes, according to a former executive director of the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey, George Marlin, who is seeking a federal
investigation into the redevelopment of the site.

Mr. Marlin said yesterday that the Port Authority may have misled investors
about the costs and schedules for the five towers, the memorial, the performing
arts center, and the PATH transit station.

He said he plans to ask the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York,
Michael Garcia, to open an investigation into whether there was any criminal
wrongdoing.

"We need to determine whether there was waste, fraud, abuse, or any wrongdoing
that might be called criminal. Things were said that were blatantly not true,"
Mr. Marlin said in an interview yesterday. "I think it's time for some outside,
independent investigators to get to the truth of why this mess had occurred, and
whether there was any wrongdoing."

He said the Port Authority may have breached its fiduciary duty to bondholders
by providing misleading statements and misrepresenting the financial state of
the bistate agency, which owns the 16-acre site.

A spokesman for the Port Authority, Steve Coleman, declined to comment.

The current executive director of the Port Authority, Christopher Ward, last
week said the previous schedules for completion dates were "unrealistic." Mr.
Ward will be presenting Governor Paterson with a more detailed scheduling and
budget assessment by the end of September. Cost overruns at the site are
expected to be in the billions of dollars.

A source with knowledge of the bond financing for the $15 billion World Trade
Center redevelopment said he could not imagine that there was any criminal
wrongdoing on the part of the Port Authority.

"What would be the benefit for them? They really tried to hit these deadlines,
so we are talking more about ineptitude," the source said.

Mr. Marlin was appointed executive director of the Port Authority by Governor
Pataki and served in that capacity between 1995 and 1997.

He has since become a frequent critic of the Port Authority.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              May 26, 2006 Friday

Taking the heat for stock options;
Executive grants under investigation;
MARKETPLACE by Bloomberg

BYLINE: Vineeta Anandand Laurence Arnold

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 885 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The practice of awarding stock options to executives at artificially low prices
has become the focus of the biggest U.S. investigation on corporate wrongdoing
since the inquiry into illegal mutual-fund trading almost three years ago that
led to $4.3 billion in penalties.

At least 22 companies are being investigated by the U.S. Justice Department, the
Securities and Exchange Commission or the Internal Revenue Service over
stock-option grants. U.S. attorneys in New York and California have issued
grand-jury subpoenas to 14 of those companies. The inquiry has accelerated since
Affiliated Computer Services, the biggest processor of student-loan payments,
said on March 6 that the SEC was examining its options program.

Companies ranging from tiny Nyfix, an unprofitable supplier of trading systems,
to UnitedHealth Group, a health insurer valued at $57 billion, may have
defrauded investors by deliberately backdating option grants to coincide with
low stock prices. The lower the price, the more an executive stands to make by
exercising the options when the shares rise.

''It shows again individuals abusing their position to enrich themselves at
somebody else's expense,'' said James Cox, a law professor at Duke University in
Durham, North Carolina.

Not since the New York State attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, exposed the
illegal buying and selling of mutual-fund shares have regulators opened as broad
an investigation of corporate America, Cox said. The options inquiry is ''the
biggest pervasive financial scandal in capital markets'' since the fund
investigation ensnared more than two dozen companies, he said.

More than 25 companies are under examination for how they award stock options,
said Derek Meisner, a former branch chief in the SEC's enforcement division.
Meisner, a partner in the Boston office of Kirkpatrick & Lockhart Nicholson
Graham, said he was advising some of the companies under investigation. He
declined to identify them.

''I'm not aware of a corporate practice that has come under such scrutiny by the
SEC,'' Meisner said.

Prosecutors and regulators have not made any allegations against the companies
in connection with the current investigation and no wrongdoing has been proven.
Calls to Nyfix, which has a market value of $162 million, were referred to a
marketing executive who did not return a message. UnitedHealth set up a special
committee to review its stock-option grants, a spokesman, Tyler Mason, said.

The potential consequences for companies include criminal fraud charges,
earnings restatements, penalties for violating rules on corporate disclosure,
additional tax expenses and civil lawsuits by shareholders seeking damages, said
John Freeman, a professor of business ethics at the University of South Carolina
Law School in Columbia, who was a special counsel to the SEC in the 1970s.

UnitedHealth, which disclosed an SEC investigation on May 11, is being sued by
the state's attorney general and shareholders including the Public Employees'
Retirement System of Ohio and the State Teachers' Retirement System of Ohio,
which manage a total of about $130 billion. The company also received a subpoena
from the Internal Revenue Service.

Stock options allow holders to buy shares at set prices on future dates. They
are usually granted to executives as part of annual compensation and set at the
current market price, giving managers an incentive to make the stock advance
over time.

While companies are allowed to award executive options at below-market prices,
they must charge the difference in value against earnings and potentially lose
the right to tax deductions on compensation exceeding $1 million. Backdating
gives executives a similar benefit without the extra corporate costs.

''Backdating is clearly a badge of fraud,'' said John Coffee, a professor of
securities law at Columbia University in New York.

One example of possible backdating involved the options on 1.825 million shares
that UnitedHealth gave its chief executive, William McGuire, on Oct. 13, 1999,
according to a shareholder lawsuit filed against the company last week. The
grant coincided with the lowest price for UnitedHealth stock that year.

UnitedHealth shares rose 46 percent in about five weeks following the grant,
giving McGuire a paper profit of more than $33 million. Thursday, the options
would be worth more than $500 million to McGuire. Mason, the UnitedHealth
spokesman, declined to comment on the value of McGuire's grants.

Backdating may be considered legal if the change was not made deliberately to
reduce the exercise price of the stock option or if it was disclosed publicly.

The Wall Street Journal drew attention to the possibility of illegal options
backdating in a March 18 story that mentioned stocks including UnitedHealth and
Affiliated Computer, which is based in Dallas. With the help of Erik Lie, an
associate professor at the University of Iowa, the newspaper listed companies
that made stock-option grants that were followed by large gains in share prices.

Analysts at Merrill Lynch, the largest U.S. securities firm, and the Center for
Financial Research & Analysis also explored the practice in reports questioning
the timing of some option grants. All of the companies embroiled in the U.S.
investigation are in either the technology or health care industries.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 22, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Dealer Says Tyco Got Art Tab

SECTION: Financial; E02

LENGTH: 1072 words


L. Dennis Kozlowski, Tyco International's former chief executive, and his wife
Karen bought $14 million worth of paintings for their Manhattan apartment in
2001 and had the invoices sent to Tyco's office in New Hampshire, testified
Christine Berry, a former art dealer in New York. Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz,
Tyco's former chief financial officer, are on trial in State Supreme Court in
Manhattan, charged with improperly using Tyco funds to enrich themselves and
others. Each faces up to 30 years in prison. They have denied wrongdoing.

Prosecutors in the securities fraud case against former WorldCom chief financial
officer Scott D. Sullivan may introduce evidence of wrongdoing not in the
indictment, a judge ruled, in an order that may make Sullivan's defense more
difficult and lead to postponement of his trial. Sullivan lawyer Irvin B. Nathan
requested a 60- to 70-day delay. He said the new evidence alleges more
traditional accounting wrongdoing, including the misuse of depreciation, revenue
recognition and the allocation of revenue among subsidiaries, while the
indictment focuses primarily on accounting for telephone line costs.

First-time home buyers could take out government-insured loans without making
down payments under a Bush administration proposal. The Department of Housing
and Urban Development estimated that the "zero down payment" mortgage initiative
could help 150,000 families buy homes. The proposal covers loans made by
government-approved lenders and insured by the Federal Housing Administration.
Someone who takes out a zero-down-payment loan would have to go through
financial counseling and make higher monthly payments.

The Internal Revenue Service abandoned plans to have companies like H&R Block
and Intuit flag tax returns they prepare free under a program to boost
electronic filing. The IRS says it wants the flags so it can learn what sort of
people use this program in order to better market it in television and radio
advertising, but companies said customers fear they would be at a higher risk
for audit.

United Airlines' flight attendants' union is refusing to sign a contract
approved in April that cut workers' pay by 9 percent because the company has
announced plans to reduce retiree health benefits. The Association of Flight
Attendants will fight the cuts in the bankruptcy proceeding of United's parent,
UAL Corp., or in a court action, the union said.

The girlfriend and estranged wife of jailed former broker Frank D. Gruttadauria
agreed to return a total of $4 million that U.S. regulators said came from his
illegal conduct. In 2002, Gruttadauria, a former broker with Lehman Brothers
Holdings and SG Cowen, was sentenced to seven years in prison for defrauding
clients of $40 million by falsifying account statements and making phony trades.

The Department of Commerce said it will investigate claims by American shrimpers
that six countries -- Brazil, Ecuador, India, China, Thailand and Vietnam -- are
flooding the U.S. market with cheap shrimp. The department is expected to make a
preliminary determination by June.

Shares of Global Crossing, the telecommunications carrier that left bankruptcy
in December, will begin trading today under the ticker symbol "GLBC" on the
Nasdaq Stock Market, the company said.

Intel said it will double its quarterly cash dividend to 4 cents a share,
beginning with the first quarter.

American Airlines and United Airlines agreed to cut their Chicago flights by 5
percent at peak times to reduce delays at O'Hare International Airport, the
Department of Transportation said. O'Hare had the most late arrivals among the
31 largest U.S. airports in November, the latest month for which government
statistics are available.

The Securities and Exchange Commission approved the Philadelphia Stock
Exchange's plan to become a for-profit company owned by shareholders. The
214-year-old Philadelphia exchange, the fourth-biggest U.S. options market by
transactions, said it has no plans to sell its shares to the public.

Rates on four-week Treasury's bills matched the record low set last June 24. The
Treasury sold $9 billion of the bills at a discount rate of 0.8 percent, down
from 0.84 percent last week.

Lawyers for Deutsche Bank chief executive Josef Ackermann, who is facing
breach-of-trust charges for his role in approving $72 million in payments while
director of Mannesmann in 2000, failed to get the judges hearing the case thrown
out on procedural grounds.

AMR, the parent of American Airlines, lost $111 million in the last three months
of 2003, compared with a loss of $529 million in the same period of 2002.

J.P. Morgan Chase made a fourth-quarter profit of $1.86 billion, a turnaround
from a $387 million loss a year earlier and well above Wall Street's
expectations.

EBay said fourth-quarter earnings jumped 64 percent, to $142.5 million, as more
people bought and listed items for sale on its Web sites during the holidays.

E-Trade Financial's fourth-quarter profit more than tripled, rising to $107.5
million, as waves of once-apprehensive online investors continued to wade back
into the resurgent stock market.

Harley-Davidson's  fourth-quarter profit rose 21 percent, to $182.4 million.

Knight Ridder, the nation's second-largest newspaper publisher, reported that
net income rose 2 percent in the fourth quarter, to $99 million, as advertising
revenue edged up 0.3 percent.

Lucent Technologies, the largest U.S. telephone-equipment maker, swung to a
first-quarter profit of $338 million from a loss of $264 million a year earlier,
as sales rose for the first time in more than three years. Sales rose 8.9
percent, to $2.26 billion.

Merrill Lynch's fourth-quarter profit more than doubled, rising to $1.24
billion, on revenue growth and improved margins.

Qualcomm, the world's second-largest maker of microchips that power mobile
telephones, said profit in its fiscal first quarter rose 46 percent, to $352.3
million.

Starbucks, the largest U.S. coffee-shop chain, said first-quarter profit climbed
to $110.8 million, from $78.4 million in the same period a year earlier. Sales
rose 28 percent, the largest increase in 21/2 years, to $1.3 billion.

Union Pacific said profit climbed 46 percent in the fourth quarter, to $551
million, helped by the sale of its Overnite trucking business.

Compiled from reports by the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, Dow Jones News
Service and Washington Post staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Jail teacher alleges wrongdoing;
Kim Moses claims bias, retaliation and falsification of grades.

BYLINE:  By Jason Schultz     Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 620 words


A teacher at the Palm Beach County Jail has accused her bosses of falsifying
teacher records and student grades for detained teens, making anti- Semitic
comments, discriminating against her and retaliating against her after she blew
the whistle on the alleged wrongdoing.

"The students deserve a free, appropriate and just education," wrote
special-needs teacher Kim Moses in her April 24 letter addressed to School Board
Chairman Chuck Shaw, Vice Chairman Frank Barbieri and Superintendent Wayne Gent.
"Employees deserve to work in an environment that promotes ethical and
professional behavior, without harassment and retaliation for following rules of
state and federal mandates."

In the letter, Moses, 52, of Palm Beach Gardens, details several complaints she
made to the district's Inspector General's Office in April and two she made in
June alleging wrongdoing in the Alternative Education Department, which must
provide education to teens incarcerated in the county jail and Department of
Juvenile Justice's detention center.

Shaw said he immediately referred the letter to Inspector General Lung Chiu, who
in turn said his office is investigating the financial-related allegations and,
under district policy, he has referred other parts to appropriate departments.

Moses alleges that her assistant principal, Donald Edwards, falsified names of
teachers on the master schedule for both facilities with teachers that did
actually teach those classes. She also claimed that two teachers entered grades
that could not possibly have been earned by students into the recording system
at Edwards' direction.

Moses alleged that a substitute teacher, Francis Maxwell, was paid for four
months of a math position she did not teach and that several friends of
Alternative Education Director Angela Bess and a sister-in-law of Edwards were
hired for positions that were never openly advertised.

Moses also accused Bess and the two employees who were supposedly close friends
of hers of misusing a school district credit card by buying items at Costco for
personal use.

"As a professional, I can no longer remain silent," Moses writes. "As a teacher,
I have always believed the best interest of my students comes first."

Moses, Bess and Edwards could not be reached for comment.

Moses also filed a complaint with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission on April 17 alleging that she was discriminated against because she
is white and Jewish. She alleged that Edwards, who is black, made statements
like "Jewish people have big houses" and gave her extra duties on top of her
five-period class load that were not given to black teachers at the jail. Moses
said all the extra duties she has been given, such as being assigned to be a
testing coordinator, are getting in the way of her core job of providing
services to special-needs students.

Officials with the EEOC office in Miami also could not be reached for comment.

This is the second whistleblower complaint in the district that has come to
light in the past month. Earlier this month, the school board hotly debated the
investigative report a private attorney completed on a complaint that Chiu's
former secretary, Marlene Verbiest, made against him alleging that Chiu tried to
have her transferred after she complained about her working hours.

An attorney for Chiu blasted the quality and wording of the investigative
report, said Verbiest's complaints about working hours did not qualify as a
protected "whistleblower" complaint and that Chiu never tried to get her
transferred. The board asked for more information and sent the report to the
audit committee for recommendations before deciding whether Chiu will face any
discipline.

jschultz@pbpost.com Twitter: @Jschultzpbp

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday

BABBLING BROOK: Would you break the rules to get ahead?

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 489 words


Brook Stockberger/Sun-News Business Editor

Do you bend the rules sometimes?

Well, you might want to sit down before reading this shocker, but about one in
four Wall Street executives believe that some sort of wrongdoing is key to
success.

Does that mean the other ones do not share that belief, or did they just have
the common sense to admit such a belief?

Reuters recently reported that, in a survey of 500 senior executives in the
United States and the Britain, "26 percent of respondents said they had observed
or had firsthand knowledge of wrongdoing in the workplace, while 24 percent said
they believed financial services professionals may need to engage in unethical
or illegal conduct to be successful."

The survey by law firm Labaton Sucharow also shows that 30 percent of
respondents said their compensation plans created pressure to compromise ethical
standards or violate the law and 16 percent even said they would commit insider
trading if they could get away with it.

I would be curious to see how these numbers stack up next to other businesses
where people are under intense pressure   aren't we all   and who deal with
money. There are good and bad people, weak and strong etc. in any industry.

Still, being a good Lutheran who had the fallibility of humans pounded into my
brain since birth, the fact that 16 percent admit they would break the law for
gain does not surprise me. Think about it, if you could truly get away with
making money on insider trading with no risk of getting caught, wouldn't the
thought at least cross your mind?

Of course, there is no magical, "never-get-caught" scenario, so that is a moot
point, but it does shed some light on some of the people who hold a lot of our
future in their hands.

Do you find the statistic disturbing or about what you would expect from any
field? Let me know and I'll publish some of the results next week. E-mail me
atbstockberger@lcsun-news.com .


If you really like to check and see what your Facebook friends are up to   on
your own personal time, of course   do not worry that such behavior could be a
sign of a problem.

While you could argue that some people seem to spend an unhealthy amount of time
on the social media site, a recent University of Wisconsin study shows that does
not mean they are actually unhealthy.

"Facebook Depression" is a phrase that has been coined to reflect a possible
correlation between the amount of time spent on social media sites and
depression.

While the American Academy of Pediatrics released a report last year on the
effects of social media on children and adolescents, the Milwaukee Journal
Sentinel recently reported that the UW School of Medicine and Public Health
suggests that "it may be unnecessarily alarming" to advise patients and parents
on the risk of "Facebook Depression" based solely on the amount of Internet use.

I guess some people just really like to be online.

Brook Stockberger can be reached at (575) 541-5457

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors now investigating Vacco's lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The Albany County district attorney will examine evidence to see if a crime has
been committed in a lobbying deal involving former State Attorney General Dennis
Vacco.

David Soares, the Albany County prosecutor, wants to see if allegations leveled
against Vacco's lobbying firm by the state's chief lobbying regulator have any
basis for a criminal probe, Richard Arthur, a spokesman for the district
attorney, said Friday.

Without admitting any wrongdoing, Vacco's lobbying firm earlier this week agreed
to pay the state $50,000 to end a probe involving a contingency fee contract his
firm had with a Rochester businessman for a New York casino project involving an
Oklahoma Indian tribe. Lobbying contingency fees, in which payments are based on
the success of a project, are illegal in New York.

Vacco's Albany-based firm, Crane & Vacco, was in line to get a $5.5 million
"success fee" if the tribe, the Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma, was awarded
casino deals in the Catskills and Finger Lakes regions. The lobbying contract
was with Thomas Wilmot, a Rochester businessman who was working with the tribe.

The head of the state lobbying agency, David Grandeau, said Vacco's firm broke
the law with the contingency fee arrangement, which he said is a misdemeanor.

"There has been an allegation of criminal wrongdoing, a serious allegation of
criminal wrongdoing," said Arthur. "When you have the head of the lobbying
commission saying, in his opinion, a violation of law has occurred we're
obligated to look at it."

James Featherstonhaugh, a lawyer for Vacco's firm, said he was not surprised the
prosecutor asked to review the lobbying firm's evidence after Grandeau made his
public accusation. "It seemed, to me, a perfectly appropriate response from his
office," Featherstonhaugh said of Soares.

The Albany County prosecutor was elected last year in a campaign in which he
said the office would more aggressively pursue white-collar crime, especially
involving government officials. He has since created a public integrity unit.
Before Soares, the office did not have a reputation for targeting corruption in
state government.

The lobbying commission's board approved the settlement deal with Vacco's firm
on Wednesday. Its three Republican and three Democratic commissioners were split
over whether to formally report the case to prosecutors, but the agency made
clear its books were open to any prosecutor that wanted to look at the case.

Vacco's firm was paid $15,000 a month for lobbying on Wilmot's behalf. In its
required filing with the state lobbying commission, the Vacco firm made no
mention of the $5.5 million contingency fee. The proposed payment became public
during a lawsuit between Vacco's firm and Wilmot, a suit that was later dropped.

Featherstonhaugh said the work Vacco's firm performed for Wilmot was not
lobbying because it did not -- as required under the state definition of
lobbying -- involve trying to influence legislation. He said Vacco, who was the
lead lobbyist on the matter, limited his work to dealing with Gov. George E.
Pataki's office on a proposed compact between the state and the tribe -- matters
that are not defined as lobbying under state law.

Vacco's firm settled the case this week for $50,000 because, it said in a
written statement, that "given the time and resources which would be expended in
further proceedings, the firm believes that its interests are best served by the
settlement, which brings the matter to closure."

Vacco is a former U.S. Attorney in Western New York. He was elected state
attorney general in 1994, and served one term before being defeated by Attorney
General Eliot Spitzer in 1998.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dennis Vacco served as state attorney general.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Town of Jet cleared by state auditor of accounting practices wrongdoing

BYLINE: James Neal, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


April 05--JET -- A report from the Oklahoma State Auditor and Inspector has
cleared the town of Jet of any wrongdoing in its accounting practices, said
District Attorney Hollis Thorp.

Thorp requested the audit in December after receiving numerous allegations from
town residents of misappropriated funds, improper payment of town employees and
improper bidding practices.

Jet residents Harvina Britain and Carolyn Crossette provided paperwork in
December outlining allegations filed with Thorp's office. The complaints alleged
the town board, under the direction of Mayor Jim Blackledge, had violated the
Open Records Act, misappropriated REAP grant funds and sold a piece of real
property without a clear title.

Other complaints included allegations a computer had been inappropriately
removed from town hall, a sanitation contract had been let at a higher rate
"against the interest of the town," the town water superintendent had been paid
$7,500 above his salary, and former town clerk Kelli Hopkins had not been
properly reimbursed for her services.

"I was getting a lot of phone calls about this, and a lot of citizens of Jet
wanted an audit," Thorp said.

He said he was hesitant to request the audit because of its cost: about $10,000,
billed to the town.

"That's a serious consideration, because a lot of these little towns, like Jet,
don't have a lot of money," Thorp said. "But, generally, if there are
allegations of wrongdoing in a government agency, it's a good idea to have an
audit."

Thorp said the auditors finished their task Wednesday, and "found no wrongdoing
in the town's procedures and books."

"The news was good," Thorp said. "In fact, the auditor said they were doing a
pretty good job."

Blackledge said he was not surprised by the results of the audit.

"I didn't think they'd find any kind of wrongdoing, except maybe if we didn't
dot an I or something like that," Blackledge said. "I don't think there ever was
any criminal intent in the office or the books, period."

While the results of the audit may be good for the town, the price tag is
another matter.

Blackledge said he has not yet received a final bill for the state audit, but he
expects it to come in at $10,000-$11,000.

"I really think this is an expense the city shouldn't have had to incur," he
said. "We don't just have $10,000 or $15,000 in assets sitting around to pay for
this audit, and everyone's going to end up paying for it."

Blackledge said the town likely will have to cash in a certificate of deposit or
raise utility rates, or possibly both, to pay for the audit.

"The CD's are in place for the event of an emergency, but no one likes to cash
in a CD," Blackledge said. "It takes a lot to generate enough money to get back
into that CD. I hope it doesn't come to that, and I hope we don't have to do
anything with our utility rates.

"But, we'll have to do what we have to do to keep funds moving and keep
operating."

Blackledge said he hopes the audit results will help "smooth out" relations
between the town board and town residents.

"I think we've been putting key people in our offices all these years, and I
think they've done a good job," he said. "Hopefully, this will help calm things
down a little, and I hope this eases everyone's mind that the office is good."

___ (c)2012 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120405-EK-Town-of-Jet-cleared-by-state-auditor-of-accounting-practices-
wrongdoing-0405-20120405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2012 Enid News & Eagle


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Settlement Reached in Fraud Case;
D.C. to Be Paid $4.8 Million by Building Firm

BYLINE: Paul Schwartzman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 493 words


A construction company has agreed to pay the District government $4.8 million to
resolve charges of fraudulent spending in the renovation of One Judiciary
Square, authorities said yesterday.

In announcing the settlement with the firm, Cushman & Wakefield, D.C. Attorney
General Robert J. Spagnoletti said his office has filed lawsuits against three
individuals involved in the project, including Michael Lorusso, a former
high-ranking D.C. official who pleaded guilty last year to accepting bribes in
exchange for steering millions of dollars in city contracts.

Under Lorusso's supervision, the cost of renovating the 11-story municipal
building soared from $4.1 million to $7.1 million, in part because the project's
participants submitted false billing.

"The District government relies on its contractors to bill accurately and to
perform services that are up to standard," Spagnoletti said in a statement. "The
filing of a lawsuit against others demonstrates that the District government
will not tolerate abuse by its contractors or its employees."

Under the settlement's terms, New York-based Cushman & Wakefield denied
wrongdoing, and the attorney general said in the statement that the company did
not receive improper compensation for managing the project.

A former Cushman & Wakefield executive, Scott Frankel, is also named in the
attorney general's lawsuit. A D.C. Council investigation found that Frankel,
along with Lorusso, approved fraudulent invoices submitted by a project
contractor. Frankel has denied wrongdoing.

Cushman & Wakefield, in a statement issued yesterday, said it had long
maintained "that it was the victim of others' actions."

"From Day One of questioning about the project, Cushman & Wakefield has asserted
publicly that it has done no wrong and would fully recompense the District for
any outstanding costs, whether or not the firm was responsible," according to
the statement.

D.C. Council member Jim Graham (D-Ward 1), who chaired a council subcommittee
that first probed the project, said the settlement signifies "that a wrong has
been righted."

"It's not every day that the District gets $5 million paid to it," Graham said.
"It's a recognition that there was wrongdoing, serious wrongdoing."

Graham prodded city officials to contest the project's cost after uncovering
evidence that contractors submitted fraudulent invoices and spent $60,000 on
eight plasma televisions and more than $7,000 on Washington Wizards tickets.

The three individuals whom the attorney general is suing also include Fernando
"Fred" Villegas, the president of International Builders Inc., the company that
oversaw the construction at One Judiciary Square.

Villegas pleaded guilty last year to bribery conspiracy after investigators
determined that he had received D.C. contracts after giving Lorusso part
ownership of a furniture company, a $3,000 Cartier watch, a $6,000 plasma
television and $25,000 to help pay a personal debt.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 24, 2003, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Corporate reform cools

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 450 words

This week, when the Securities and Exchange Commission approved new rules
designed to enforce provisions of a corporate-reform law President Bush signed
last summer, Chairman Harvey Pitt was there casting his vote. That's right, the
same SEC chief who resigned on Election Night 2002 amid complaints that he
wasn't doing enough to curb corporate abuses.

Pitt's continued presence on the commission, 11 weeks later, says way too much
about how a once-robust drive to protect investors from more Enron- and
WorldCom-style accounting scandals has stalled.


In recent days, the SEC has taken some positive actions to tighten corporate
accountability. Auditors face stiffer conflict-of-interest rules, corporate
lawyers must report suspected wrongdoing to their bosses, and mutual funds have
to disclose how they vote on issues affecting the stocks they hold. In some
cases, the rules go beyond what Congress proposed.

In the face of intense corporate lobbying, however, the SEC rejected tougher
changes to protect investors from losses resulting from wrongdoing in executive
suites.

And the Bush administration, instead of prodding the SEC to be more aggressive,
has been dragging its feet on reform. Consider:

 * Bush chose Wall Street veteran William Donaldson as Pitt's replacement in
December, but has yet to nominate him formally. Until Bush acts, the Senate
can't confirm Donaldson, and Pitt stays in the job.

 * A new accounting-watchdog board is still without a permanent chairman to
replace former FBI director William Webster, who quit following reports that he
was embroiled in his own accounting controversy. The SEC is supposed to fill
that post but likely won't act until Donaldson takes charge.

 * Senate Finance Chairman Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, says the White House is
trying to relax a provision in the reform law that protects employees who blow
the whistle on wrongdoing in their companies.

Without White House pressure for tough reform, the SEC is vulnerable to industry
lobbyists out to stymie new investor protections. For example, the commission
agreed to let accounting firms continue lucrative sales of tax-shelter advice to
companies they also audit. Providing both services has caused investor losses in
the past, when auditors felt pressured to approve dubious tax shelters that
federal regulators later shut down. That resulted in stiff tax bills and reduced
profits.

SEC Commissioner Paul Atkins said Wednesday that the rules adopted so far to
limit corporate wrongdoing "are not necessarily the end of the story."

That's wishful thinking, unless the commission and the White House show more
zeal for real reform.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Post-Gazette (Boston, Massachusetts)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2013

Whistleblowers Do a Tremendous Service

BYLINE: Post Gazette staff

LENGTH: 1290  words


Choosing to come forward with evidence that an employer or company has been
committing fraud against the government is a brave and honorable act.
Whistle-blowers play a pivotal role in the direction, investigation and
prosecution of fraud against the government. According to Taxpayers Against
Fraud, more than 80 percent of cases pursued under the False Claims Act are
initiated by whistleblowers. The False Claims Act also protects and reimburses
whistleblowers for their courage and integrity in coming forward with evidence
of corporate wrongdoing and/or fraudulent conduct and for participating in the
process of pursuing a False Claims Act case in court.

Qui tam lawsuits can be brought against any organization, even government
entities, that violate a law or regulation. Pharmaceutical fraud has become the
most common type of fraud pursued under the False Claims Act. A recent Public
Citizens study graphically illustrates how pharmaceutical industry fraud against
the government has reached epidemic proportions, "endangering] public safety and
rob[bing] the government of increasingly scarce state and federal resources."
According to the new study, the worst offenders include some of the biggest
companies -- GlaxoSmithKline, Pfizer and Eli Lilly, which have paid $14.8
billion in penalties stemming from 121 settlements between 2006 and 2010 alone.
The study also found that former drug company employees-turned-whistleblowers
who filed qui tam actions were an essential component in the largest number of
federal settlements over the past ten years.

Other common types of fraud are government healthcare fraud, defense contractor
fraud and real property fraud. If you have seen or are aware of any potential
fraudulent behavior or corporate wrongdoing that could be costing the government
money, you have the right to expose it. No matter who you are, whether you are a
high-ranking official within a company, an employee or even a bystander who
becomes aware of corporate misconduct or potential fraud, it is extremely
important that you seek knowledgeable representa-. tion should you decide to
through the process of a qui tam case. Filing a qui tam fraud lawsuit, such as
against a pharmaceutical manufacturer, is complicated and requires legal
professionals with experience in dealing with companies that perpetrate the
fraud.

Some people like to imply or actually say that the whistleblower is just in it
for the money. What is virtually unknown by the public and even by jurors
hearing a case is that the whistle-blowers themselves often suffer because they
reported corporate wrongdoing. That's why each whistleblower must be protected
from retaliation after they report wrongdoing by employers. Unfortunately, that
hasn't always been the case. The role of corporate whistle-blowers is too
important to allow them to be hurt because of the decision to report wrongdoing.
Here is a reprint of what happened to Dr. Eric Ben-Artzi, a former employee of
Deutsche Bank.

Dr. Eric Ben-Artzi has been talking to the Securities and Exchange Commission
and has blown the whistle on alleged multi-billion dollar securities violations
at Deutsche Bank, the Germany-based global investment bank. Dr. Ben-Artzi, a
former quantitative risk analyst at Deutsche Bank, first reported the violations
internally in accordance with bank policies and procedures. Apparently, he got
nowhere even though his reporting was extensive. Since the problem was neither
acknowledged nor corrected, Dr. Ben-Artzi informed the proper law enforcement
authorities. Apparently, the man and his family are now "paying a heavy price
for doing the right thing," and that's most unfortunate.

Dr. Ben-Artzi discovered and internally reported possible securities violations
stemming from Deutsche Bank's failure to accurately report the value of its
credit derivatives portfolio. The bank, according to Dr. Ben-Artzi, failed to
properly value the gap option component in its portfolio of Leveraged Super
Senior (LSS) tranches of credit derivatives. The gap option is the difference
between the collateral paid by the LSS note buyer and the mark-to-market
expected loss that the LSS note seller agreed to cover.

With a $120-$ 130 billion portfolio in national value, Deutsche Bank was the
largest holder of LSS trades in the marketplace. By not accurately valuing the
LSS portfolio, the bank was able to maintain its carefully crafted public image
that it was weathering the financial crisis better than its peers-many of which
required financial assistance from the government and experienced significant
deterioration in their stock prices. Even using conservative assumptions, if the
LSS portfolio had been properly valued, the bank would have substantially missed
its earnings estimates.

Troubled by the bank's unwillingness to acknowledge and appropriately address
this significant valuation problem, Dr. Ben-Artzi sought legal representation
and then reported the possible securities violations to the SEC's Whistle-blower
Program. The program, established by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act in July 2010, has broad international reach and offers
eligible whistle-blowers significant employment protections, monetary awards and
the ability to report anonymously. Jordan Thomas, a former SEC Assistant
Director and chair of the Whistleblower Representation Practice at Labaton
Sucharow, had this to say:

"When Dr. Ben-Artzi first consulted with me, I was shocked by the size and scope
of the alleged misconduct. This is exactly the type of significant and
unreported securities violations that the SEC Whistleblower Program was intended
to address. It is one of many high-profile matters in the pipeline."

Dr. Ben-Artzi repeatedly attempted to work through internal reporting channels,
at increasingly higher levels, to correct the valuation problem. It was alleged
in his retaliation complaint, filed with the Department of Labor, that when he
pressed his concerns further he was subjected to severe hostility, isolated,
denied access to records necessary to perform his job, lost his job independence
and was stripped of responsibilities. In November 2011, shortly after returning
from paternity leave, Deutsche Bank informed Dr. Ben-Artzi that his position had
been moved to Europe and laid him off without warning. He lost the chance to
move with his job, and was not offered a real opportunity to find a new position
within the financial institution.

Dr. Ben-Artzi had received favorable performance reviews, and when laid off, was
being recruited to work in other groups within the bank due to his professional
expertise and reputation. In his retaliation case, Dr. Ben-Artzi alleged
violations of the whistleblower protection provisions contained within the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. His lawyer Tom Devine said:

"This is a classic illustration of what whistleblowers risk when trying to work
within the system affirms acting in bad faith. Dr. Ben-Artzi was a model
corporate citizen who discovered SEC violations that could incur serious
liability, and stuck his neck out internally to warn bank management. Deutsche
Bank's response was to personally harass him, and fire him as soon as it pinned
down what he knew. The retaliation was crude, and not camouflaged. Quite
clearly, the point was to scare other would-be whistle-blowers into silence. The
lesson learned is that working within Deutsche Bank's corporate compliance and
reporting system is an act of professional suicide."

This case is a prime example of why whistleblowers, who perform badly-needed
protections for corporate share-holders and also for taxpayers, must be
protected from retaliation by their employers.

Reprint: Beasley Allen Report

Source: Corporate Crime Reporter

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Labor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Post-Gazette


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Editorial: Toxic details emerge from N.J. $250M settlement with
Exxon Mobil

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Mercer County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

There was little hope that closer examination would make the deal New Jersey
tentatively reached with Exxon Mobil over the befouling of the state's
environment smell better.

The governor and the Department of Environmental Protection reassured skeptics
that this was a historic and unprecedented agreement, a victory for the
underdog.

So much for spin. The truth is, the settlement is even more noxious than we'd
originally believed. Its sell-out of New Jersey residents is nearly total.

The full text of the agreement appeared in the New Jersey Register earlier this
week, launching a mandatory 60-day public comment period before a Superior Court
judge gives final approval.

Rather than making us feel better, the report confirmed our suspicions that
Exxon is getting a sweetheart deal beyond all comprehension.

Under the terms of the agreement, the Texas-based oil corporation will pay $225
million for dumping toxins in the waters around two Garden State refineries in
Bayonne and Linden. It's a paltry sum given the $8.9 billion figure that had
long been on the table, a figure toward which the judge in the case was said to
be favorably inclined.

Other facets of the agreement are equally baffling and dismaying.

First, the settlement absolves Exxon from liability in polluting 16 other
industrial sites and hundreds of gas stations in the state, including Trenton
Terminal in Hamilton. The possible damage at these sites has yet to be
determined; letting Exxon off the hook this early in the game means taxpayers
could take an even larger financial hit when those assessments come in.

Second, the state agrees to pay its own freight for the decades of litigation -
dollars that will further chip away at the $225 million award.

There's also this: As part of the settlement, the company will be allowed to
admit to no wrongdoing.

No wrongdoing for dumping toxins into New Jersey's waters? No wrongdoing for
eroding some of our most valuable natural resources? No wrongdoing for allowing
ruptured pipelines and tank failures to despoil 1,500 acres of wetlands, marshes
and meadows?

Thankfully, we're seeing robust push-back to this ridiculous deal. Senate
President Stephen Sweeney says he may pursue legislation that would prevent
Exxon Mobile from using the agreed-on settlement as a tax write-off.

Environmentalists are mounting a campaign to derail the deal, encouraging state
residents to raise their voices during the public comment period.

We second their motion. New Jersey shouldn't be handing over this gift-wrapped
package to a corporation that left its unwelcome detritus behind.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 11, 2006, Tuesday

Mollohan opponent focuses on controversy;
Wakim issues statement saying he is concerned by allegations, awaits explanation
by candidate

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7A

LENGTH: 712 words


DAILY MAIL STAFF

West Virginia Congressman Alan Mollohan's opponent in this year's general
election is "holding his feet to the fire" after reports that Mollohan's
finances are under investigation and that he may have profited personally from
federal funds he helped obtain for various entities.

Chris Wakim, a Republican member of the state House of Delegates from Ohio
County, is challenging Mollohan, a Democrat, for his First District
congressional seat in November.

The face of that race may be changing now that a federal investigation into
Mollohan's personal financial disclosures has been launched.

The Wall Street Journal ran a front-page story Friday that raised questions
about budget "earmarks" Mollohan steered to nonprofits in West Virginia. The
Washington Post, New York Times and other national media outlets also reported
on the situation over the weekend.

A New York Times article said federal prosecutors are investigating whether the
$250 million in earmarks have benefited Mollohan's personal fortune.

Mollohan has denied any wrongdoing.

But Wakim seized advantage of the news and issued a statement Friday.

"Recent news reports detailing serious wrongdoing on the part of Congressman
Mollohan are troubling to everyone who lives in West Virginia," Wakim said.
"Along with others, I await an effort by Congressman Mollohan to explain what
possible justification there is for what he has done."

Mollohan's office has said it believes the investigation may be politically
motivated.

Wakim has strong GOP and White House backing. U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert
stumped for Wakim last month in Parkersburg. Sara Taylor, director of political
affairs for President Bush, also visited West Virginia to meet with Wakim on
Friday.

Vice President Dick Cheney is scheduled to headline an April 21 fundraiser for
Wakim.

"I don't know of any political motives behind the investigation," Wakim said,
responding to Mollohan's contentions.

"The citizens in my district deserve full accounting of any wrongdoing on the
part of the people they send to Congress. Whether it's this district or any
other district, Democrat or Republican, you must be held accountable."

Wakim is a West Point graduate with 11 years in infantry experience specializing
in desert operations.

Mollohan has served in Congress since 1983. His district includes the northern
part of the state and includes Wheeling, Parkersburg and Morgantown. He
currently serves on the House Appropriations Committee and is the ranking
minority member of the Ethics Committee.

After learning of the investigation, several Republican leaders called for his
resignation from the ethics committee.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., defended Mollohan and lashed out
at Republican leadership after Hastert pressed her to make Mollohan resign.

Before the Journal article, the conservative National Legal and Policy Center
filed a complaint against Mollohan on Feb. 28 with the U.S. attorney in
Washington, D.C.

The center noticed a significant hike in his net worth between 2000 and 2004 and
started to investigate.

According to the policy center, "Mollohan's 2000 Financial Disclosure Report
listed his income-producing assets as being worth from $179,012 to $562,000 with
liabilities of $170,000 to $465,000...Just four years later, Mollohan's 2004
Financial Disclosure Report showed him with assets worth $6,313,025 to
$24,947,000 offset by liabilities in the $3,665,011 to $13,500,000 range."

Reports also show him owning an oceanfront beach house on Bald Head Island,
N.C., valued up to $5 million.

The New York Times article said $103 million of taxpayer money, garnered through
earmarks, helped fund a glass-and-steel headquarters for the Fairmont-based
Institute for Scientific Research, one of the non-profit agencies Mollohan
helped establish. It has a swimming pool, sauna and spa.

"Obviously, I am in the crosshairs of the National Republican Party and
like-minded entities," Mollohan said in a statement.

"They are angry at me, and I fully expect that from now until November they will
continue to make baseless charges against me, my record and my family. I will
vigorously defend my service and not be intimidated by their heavy-handed
tactics."

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             April 10, 2006, Monday

Mollohan opponent seizes on issue;
Congressman says investigation is politically motivated

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 712 words


DAILY MAIL STAFF

West Virginia Congressman Alan Mollohan's opponent in this year's general
election is "holding his feet to the fire" after reports that Mollohan's
finances are under investigation and that he may have profited personally from
federal funds he helped obtain for various entities.

Chris Wakim, a Republican member of the state House of Delegates from Ohio
County, is challenging Mollohan, a Democrat, for his First District
congressional seat in November.

The face of that race may be changing now that a federal investigation into
Mollohan's personal financial disclosures has been launched.

The Wall Street Journal ran a front-page story Friday that raised questions
about budget "earmarks" Mollohan steered to nonprofits in West Virginia. The
Washington Post, New York Times and other national media outlets also reported
on the situation over the weekend.

A New York Times article said federal prosecutors are investigating whether the
$250 million in earmarks have benefited Mollohan's personal fortune.

Mollohan has denied any wrongdoing.

But Wakim seized advantage of the news and issued a statement Friday.

"Recent news reports detailing serious wrongdoing on the part of Congressman
Mollohan are troubling to everyone who lives in West Virginia," Wakim said.
"Along with others, I await an effort by Congressman Mollohan to explain what
possible justification there is for what he has done."

Mollohan's office has said it believes the investigation may be politically
motivated.

Wakim has strong GOP and White House backing. U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert
stumped for Wakim last month in Parkersburg. Sara Taylor, director of political
affairs for President Bush, also visited West Virginia to meet with Wakim on
Friday.

Vice President Dick Cheney is scheduled to headline an April 21 fundraiser for
Wakim.

"I don't know of any political motives behind the investigation," Wakim said,
responding to Mollohan's contentions.

"The citizens in my district deserve full accounting of any wrongdoing on the
part of the people they send to Congress. Whether it's this district or any
other district, Democrat or Republican, you must be held accountable."

Wakim is a West Point graduate with 11 years in infantry experience specializing
in desert operations.

Mollohan has served in Congress since 1983. His district includes the northern
part of the state and includes Wheeling, Parkersburg and Morgantown. He
currently serves on the House Appropriations Committee and is the ranking
minority member of the Ethics Committee.

After learning of the investigation, several Republican leaders called for his
resignation from the ethics committee.

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., defended Mollohan and lashed out
at Republican leadership after Hastert pressed her to make Mollohan resign.

Before the Journal article, the conservative National Legal and Policy Center
filed a complaint against Mollohan on Feb. 28 with the U.S. attorney in
Washington, D.C.

The center noticed a significant hike in his net worth between 2000 and 2004 and
started to investigate.

According to the policy center, "Mollohan's 2000 Financial Disclosure Report
listed his income-producing assets as being worth from $179,012 to $562,000 with
liabilities of $170,000 to $465,000....Just four years later, Mollohan's 2004
Financial Disclosure Report showed him with assets worth $6,313,025 to
$24,947,000 offset by liabilities in the $3,665,011 to $13,500,000 range."

Reports also show him owning an oceanfront beach house on Bald Head Island,
N.C., valued up to $5 million.

The New York Times article said $103 million of taxpayer money, garnered through
earmarks, helped fund a glass-and-steel headquarters for the Fairmont-based
Institute for Scientific Research, one of the non-profit agencies Mollohan
helped establish. It has a swimming pool, sauna and spa.

"Obviously, I am in the crosshairs of the National Republican Party and
like-minded entities," Mollohan said in a statement.

"They are angry at me, and I fully expect that from now until November they will
continue to make baseless charges against me, my record and my family. I will
vigorously defend my service and not be intimidated by their heavy-handed
tactics."

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                        July 31, 2015 Friday 9:46 AM GMT

No wrongdoing by Mo Farah, says UK Athletics probe

BYLINE: By Staff Reporter

SECTION: OTHER SPORTS

LENGTH: 168 words


UK Athletics has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the initial
findings of its investigation into allegations of doping against his coach
Alberto Salazar.

The governing body also said its investigation had not given it "any reason to
question the appropriateness of the input" by the Nike Oregon Project to the
double Olympic champion's training regime.

UKA launched a review following allegations broadcast in a BBC Panorama
programme in June that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in
Portland, where Farah trains, had violated several anti-doping rules.

Salazar, an 'unpaid consultant' for UKA, has denied all the accusations against
him and Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the BBC documentary, has
vowed to stick by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

UKA launched a review into the American's relationship with the governing body
and Farah - who will compete in next month's World Championships in Beijing -
undertaken by its Performance Oversight Group.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             January 2, 2015 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 939 words


Take this pop quiz on police wrongdoing

Here's a short social studies quiz: Question 1: In Anytown, U.S.A., there are
100 police officers. Ninety-seven of them perform their duties correctly,
faithfully and responsibly. Three of them have been found to have taken the law
into their own hands by acting as judge and jury, sentencing people to the death
penalty for minor crimes and then administering those sentences themselves.
Should Anytown: A. Condemn and reject all 100 police officers.

B. Ignore the wrongdoings of the three.

C. Thank and respect the 97 for doing their jobs well and hold the other three
responsible for their wrongdoings.

Question 2: If people are angry at those police officers, should they then: A.
Burn, loot and destroy private property.

B. Personally attack any members of those professions.

C. Use the energy generated by their frustration to work constructively and
within the law to correct the problems?

Based on common sense and fair play, the correct answer to both questions is
"C."

? Terry Schmeckpeper, Onalaska

Time for a new party of the left

The results of the 2014 gubernatorial election were a strong defeat of Mary
Burke and the Democratic Party dilettantes. Mike Tate, the state chairman of the
Democratic Party, tried to tell us Burke was the only possible chance we had to
defeat Gov. Scott Walker.

The strategy was that we needed a business-minded candidate who could appeal to
the voters of Wisconsin. We need not have a primary. Having a left-wing
candidate would lead to failure.

The election results have repudiated this entire philosophy. The margin of
victory for Walker has almost not changed in his three gubernatorial elections.
Where was the progress?

It is time for a new left party. The Democrats and Republicans should join
together. A candidate who runs on the principles of the working class of
Wisconsin holds the key to change.

? John Carey, Madison

Local police story highlights race issues

A Madison police officer did not shoot an armed white man during a recent
standoff. That is really good news. As Madison Police Chief Mike Koval stated in
a Dec. 23 article: "Who can't be pleased with an outcome in which everybody
lives?"

But the State Journal missed the boat by comparing this story to the shootings
of Michael Brown in Ferguson and other recent deaths of unarmed black men at the
hands of white police.

In fact, this story serves to highlight the very race issues that have been
brought to the public consciousness by those shootings and the protests that
have followed. We have a national problem with perceptions and fear of black
men. This is not just about the police.

In a study by Joshua Correll of the University of Colorado at Boulder, players
of an online video game take on the role of a police officer who is confronted
with images of white or black men variously holding guns or innocent objects
such as wallets or cell-phones. The aim is to shoot anyone with a gun while
holstering your weapon in other cases.

Players routinely shoot more quickly at black men and are more likely to
mistakenly shoot an unarmed black man than an unarmed white man.

As a result, in real life, an armed white man is statistically far more likely
to experience de-escalation and survival, while an unarmed black man is more
likely to lose his life. That should have been the story.

? Rachel Krinsky, CEO, YWCA Madison

Wish for an end to dictators

No person should have to live under any type of dictatorship. Everyone should be
able to choose where and when they want to go, and what they want to do. No
individual has the right to run other people's lives.

With this gone in our world, it would be a much sweeter place to live for
everyone here. If this type of leadership vanished, so might wars.

My wish for everyone is to be free and live the life they choose to live with no
dictators. Worldwide freedom should be a standard and not a wish.

? Randy Ree, Stoughton

Scott Walker should offer more specifics

As usual, Gov. Scott Walker's views appear muddled, in his year-end State
Journal interview.

It is presumed from his first-term courtship of casino magnate Sheldon Adelson,
the Koch brothers, and the American Legislative Exchange Council that he has
been "mulling" his run for the presidency for some time.

So as a possible presidential candidate, he draws a bizarre parallel between
dealing with the Islamic State and child rearing. As president, then, does he
intend to give ISIS a time-out, or take it to the woodshed for a whupping?

As to the immigration problem, he would "leave that up to the people who are
running for federal office or in federal office to decipher." So is he not one
of those running for federal office?

Hopefully, by the time of the upcoming campaign he will have more thoughtful
positions about the serious and complex issues that face the country, both
domestic and foreign.

? Jim Angevine, Madison

Wisconsin doesn't need another casino

We have 18 casinos already in Wisconsin. A casino is within about an hour's
drive for most people in this state. We have 5.7 million people who live in
Wisconsin, and 22.8 percent are under 18, so they cannot gamble.

How many gamblers are we supporting on welfare? How many lose their life
savings? I know three people who have lost most or all of their money.

Gambling is an addiction that needs to be stopped, not increased. To top it all
off, according to an article in this newspaper, if the Wisconsin casino's lose
money to number 19, we as taxpayers have to make up the difference to the
non-taxpaying business.

Who makes up these stupid rules? Tell the governor to say "no" to another
casino.

? David Larson, Mineral Point

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

SADA lawyers demand retraction, apology

LENGTH: 619  words


Lawyers for the Savannah Accelerated Development Authority are demanding a
retraction of, and apology for, the serialised story of alleged financial
malfeasance in the operations of SADA.
According to the solicitors, Beyuo & Co, the serialised reports titled "The Sad
SADA Story" were culled from an inconclusive audited report but the stories
sought to impute wrongdoing to the management of SADA.


"To the extent that your station relied on the management letter to impute
wrongdoing to our client, we demand that you retract and apologise for the false
and malicious statements made against our client," the letter read in part.
Read below the full unedited letter from the lawyers of SADA.
17 April 2014
"The Sad SADA Story"
We write as solicitors of the Savannah Accelerated Development Authority
("SADA") in connection with the above titled series currently running on your
station Joy99.7 FM and on the station's internet portal "Myoyonline.com". On 7
April 2014 you caused to be published on your station Joy99.7 and its internet
portal a story by Manasseh Azure entitled "SADA invests GH¢74.5m in Board
Chairman's bank but...". Subsequent stories have appeared on your station and
its internet portal namely, on 8 April 2014, "SADA cited for alleged malfeasance
in unapproved trips", 9 April 2014, "SADA rot: Huge sums of money paid to
consultants monthly" and on 10 April 2014, "SADA officials asked to refund
GH¢830,000".
In the publication made on 7 April 2014, it was alleged by your station that
"months of investigations into the operations of the Savannah Accelerated
Development Authority by Joy News have uncovered alleged financial malfeasance
of various degrees." This statement meant that independent investigations by Joy
News have uncovered financial wrongdoing by our client.
In the series that your station has carried on this story you have made
categorical statements of financial wrongdoing against our client and its
officers.
Our client has noticed that contrary to the claims by your station that it has
investigated our client and uncovered financial wrongdoing, your station is
rather serializing portions of a letter dated 25 February 2014 from the Auditor
General to the Chief Executive of SADA entitled "Management Letter on Audit of
the Accounts of Savannah Accelerated Development Authority (SADA), Tamale for
the period January 2011 to December 2013."
We wish to bring to your attention the fact that the letter which you have
quoted extensively on your network was written pursuant to section 29 of the
Audit Service Act, 2000, (Act 584) which stipulates that the Auditor-General
shall, as a result of an audit, issue observations to the Controller and
Accountant-General or the management of the audited organisation and the
comments made by the management shall be returned to the Auditor-General within
thirty days after the receipt of the observation.

That the Management letter is not a conclusive finding by the Auditor General of
wrongdoing on the part of our client is borne out by the fact that in the
self-same letter the Auditor General has requested for our client's comments on
its observations made in the Management letter. Secondly, the Auditor General in
its limitation of liability statement in the said letter stated specifically
that it "prepared this management letter for [SADA's] use within [its]
organisation. We could not accept any responsibility for any reliance the third
party might place on it."
To the extent that your station relied on the management letter to impute
wrongdoing to our client, we demand that you retract and apologise for the false
and malicious statements made against our client.
Yours faithfully, © 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 21, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Citigroup Deal to Go to Judge Critical of S.E.C. Practices

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 920 words


It is boilerplate language found in nearly every settlement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission: A company settles its case ''without admitting or
denying'' wrongdoing.

There it was again in the S.E.C.'s announcement on Wednesday that Citigroup had
agreed to pay $285 million to settle a civil complaint that it had defrauded
investors in a mortgage securities deal. The bank did so ''without admitting or
denying'' the government's accusations.

But the S.E.C.'s longstanding policy of using this phrase in its settlements is
likely to come under scrutiny by the federal judge who must approve the
Citigroup settlement - and it could, legal experts say, cause the deal to come
undone.

That is because the judge presiding over the S.E.C.'s action against Citigroup
is Judge Jed S. Rakoff of Federal District Court in Manhattan, a jurist whom
many consider the agency's bete noire.

''Given his recent jurisprudence, if anyone's going to rattle the S.E.C.'s cage
on this issue, it's Judge Rakoff,'' said Michael Koehler, a professor of
business law at Butler University who has written about the S.E.C.'s settlement
practices.

Judge Rakoff is known for a scathing ruling in September 2009, when he rejected
a proposed $33 million settlement between the agency and Bank of America over
its acquisition of Merrill Lynch. The judge called it a sweetheart deal for the
bank that had been done ''at the expense, not only of the shareholders, but also
of the truth.'' (He later grudgingly approved a $150 million settlement.)

More broadly, Judge Rakoff has sharply criticized the agency's practice of
resolving cases without forcing the defendant to admit any wrongdoing. In a
little-noticed ruling in March, he raised the specter of scuttling the next
S.E.C. settlement in his courtroom that included such language.

Judge Rakoff said the use of the ''without admitting or denying wrongdoing''
language created ''a stew of confusion and hypocrisy unworthy of such a proud
agency as the S.E.C.''

By using the boilerplate phrase, ''only one thing is left certain: the public
will never know whether the S.E.C.'s charges are true, at least not in a way
that they can take as established by these proceedings,'' he wrote.

Judge Rakoff's disapproval of the agency's settlement practices came in an
accounting fraud case against the technology company Vitesse Semiconductor and
two of its former executives.

He ultimately approved the Vitesse settlement, finding it fair and reasonable,
but not before criticizing the commission on a number of fronts. He chafed at
the S.E.C.'s lack of explanation for why he should approve the settlement and
described the agency as treating the court as a ''rubber stamp.''

But much of his opinion was aimed at the ''neither confirm nor deny the
allegations'' phrase, which he called ''troubling.''

Judge Rakoff looked back at the history of the practice and found that the
S.E.C. had permitted defendants to settle without admitting wrongdoing because
that made obtaining settlements much easier. And defendants preferred it, he
noted, because if they were forced to acknowledge their bad behavior, private
plaintiffs would pile on with civil actions seeking monetary damages far greater
than anything regulators were likely to impose. Then, in the 1970s, the S.E.C.
began prohibiting defendants who settled from publicly denying the accusations.
That was intended to prevent them from engaging in public relations campaigns to
contend that they had settled only to avoid protracted litigation.

Those historical reasons were met with scorn by the judge. ''The defendant is
free to proclaim that he has never remotely admitted the terrible wrongs alleged
by the S.E.C.; but, by gosh, he had better be careful not to deny them,
either,'' the judge wrote.

He suggested that permitting the defendant to neither admit nor deny the
misconduct was indefensible.

''An agency of the United States is saying, in effect, 'Although we claim that
these defendants have done terrible things, they refuse to admit it and we do
not propose to prove it, but will simply resort to gagging their right to deny
it,' '' he said.

Such strong language is the norm for Judge Rakoff, one of the more colorful
judges on the federal bench in Manhattan. Judge Rakoff, 68, is a former federal
prosecutor who also spent years as a criminal defense lawyer before he was named
to the bench. He is currently presiding over a number of major cases, including
several of the insider trading prosecutions and a dispute between the trustee
for the victims of Bernard L. Madoff's fraud and the owners of the New York Mets
baseball team.

Judge Rakoff is not alone in his discomfort over the ''neither confirm nor
deny'' language. The Justice Department has long prohibited defendants, except
in the most unusual circumstances, from pleading guilty to a crime without
admitting or denying the charges.

William F. Galvin, the top financial regulator in Massachusetts, has also been a
critic of the ''neither admit nor deny'' language and has forced companies that
settle to admit they engaged in unlawful conduct.

And at least one top agency official has expressed concern. In a speech earlier
this year, Luis A. Aguilar, an S.E.C. commissioner, worried that defendants who
settled with the agency were issuing press releases after settlements that
amounted to ''revisionist history.'' If this continued, he said, ''it may be
worth revisiting the commission's practice.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Judge Jed S. Rakoff has taken the agency to task for resolving
cases without making defendants admit wrongdoing. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUSTIN MAXON
FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Web Log

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Invesco, CEO Charged in Fund Scandal;
Strong Financial Corp. Says Founder Resigned

BYLINE: Brooke A. Masters, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 946 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK Dec. 2


Federal and state regulators filed civil securities fraud charges Tuesday
against Invesco Funds Group Inc. and its chief executive, and the firm
immediately issued a strong denial of wrongdoing, squaring off for a major legal
battle in the burgeoning mutual fund scandal.

New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer and the Securities and Exchange
Commission on Tuesday charged Invesco and its chief executive, Raymond R.
Cunningham, with illegally allowing dozens of big customers to make millions of
dollars through predatory short-term trading even though the company's own data
showed the trading was costing ordinary mutual fund investors nearly 1 percent a
year. The regulators said the deals were concealed from the funds' independent
directors and directly contradicted Invesco's prospectuses.

But Amvescap PLC, the British parent of Denver-based Invesco, strongly denied
any wrongdoing. "Neither IFG nor the employee who has been charged engaged in
wrongful conduct. These charges will be vigorously contested," Amvescap said
Tuesday in a statement.

Cunningham is the first sitting chief executive to be charged in the
three-month-old scandal. Harold J. Baxter of Pilgrim Baxter & Associates Ltd.
was forced out Nov. 13 and was subsequently charged with civil securities fraud.
On Tuesday, Strong Financial Corp. announced that its founder and chief
executive, Richard S. Strong, who has not been charged with wrongdoing but has
been publicly accused by Spitzer of improper trading, was stepping down.

Amvescap's reaction may stem partly from the fact that it is the first firm to
be charged with wrongdoing solely for the apparently widespread practice of
making deals to allow specific clients to engage in short-term trading known as
"timing," outside lawyers said. Putnam Investments and Pilgrim Baxter have been
charged with allowing insiders to profit personally.

Mutual fund timing has been common -- one study puts the overall annual losses
to ordinary investors at $5 billion -- and it poses a complicated legal issue.

The strategy, which seeks to exploit the fact that fund prices can lag behind
the value of the funds' underlying holdings, is not illegal. But it siphons
profits from ordinary investors.

The SEC and Spitzer asserted that Invesco was guilty of fraud because it allowed
some customers to trade rapidly in and out of funds while telling the public
that the company discouraged short-term trading.

"The leadership of this company knew that the timers were looting buy-and-hold
shareholders . . . yet they permitted timers in order to boost their own
revenue," said Spitzer, who is trying to force Invesco to return the $160
million in fees it collected from ordinary mutual fund investors from 2001 to
2003.

Amvescap officials countered that Invesco was actually trying to protect its
ordinary customers by confining the short-term traders to certain funds. Invesco
said that it has documented 400 instances in which managers shut timers'
accounts because their activities were considered harmful and that the fund
group kicked out traders with assets totaling $500 million.

"IFG chose what it believed was the best approach in dealing with the problem of
potentially harmful market timing. . . . IFG never put its financial interest
ahead of the best interests of the Funds' shareholders," the statement said. A
company spokesman said Cunningham would not comment.

Spitzer said Tuesday that the case could become a "paradigm" in his
investigation of the $7 trillion industry because so many fund companies
apparently cut deals with timers.

Civil complaints filed in federal court in Denver and state court in Manhattan
say that Invesco allowed some hedge funds -- investment pools for wealthy people
-- to make as many as 80 trades a year when its prospectuses said investors
would be limited to four. In mid-2002, timers made up $900 million of Invesco's
approximately $20 billion in assets under management, and the firm made money
off them by charging a management fee based on their assets, the complaints
said.

But portfolio managers were complaining that the rapid in-and-out trades were
forcing them to buy and sell stocks at inopportune times and to keep unusually
large amounts of their portfolio in cash, the regulators said.

"These guys . . . are day-trading our funds, and . . . they are costing our
legitimate shareholders significant performance. I had to buy into a strong
early rally yesterday, and now I'm negative cash this morning because of these
bastards and I have to sell into a weak market," chief investment officer
Timothy J. Miller wrote in a February memo cited in the complaint.

SEC officials said the case shows that regulators will crack down hard on funds
that tell investors one thing while secretly doing another. "Where a fiduciary
puts its own interests before those of the fund shareholders, the individuals
and entities responsible for the fraudulent conduct will be held accountable,"
Randall J. Fons, director of the SEC's Denver office, said in a statement.

Meanwhile, Wisconsin-based Strong Financial announced the appointment of a new
chairman and chief executive, Kenneth J. Wessels, formerly a top executive at
the securities firm now known as RBC Dain Rauscher Inc.

The firm said Richard Strong, who is being investigated by Spitzer and the SEC
for allegedly making improper personal trades in the Strong Funds, will also
step down as chief investment officer and divest himself of his majority voting
control of the privately held firm.

"I have come to realize that the best way for Strong Financial to pursue its
promising future is for me to step down," Richard Strong said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Settlements Without Admissions Get Scrutiny

BYLINE: By EDWARD WYATT

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 945 words


WASHINGTON -- The entrenched practice of allowing companies and individuals to
settle federal regulatory charges without admitting that they actually did
anything wrong is coming under growing scrutiny by the courts.

Two federal judges have questioned such settlements proposed by the Securities
and Exchange Commission and this week a third judge held up a settlement offered
by the Federal Trade Commission.

Judge Renee Marie Bumb of United States District Court in Camden, N.J., blocked
a proposed settlement on Wednesday between the Federal Trade Commission and a
marketing company based in New Jersey on charges that the company and its chief
executive made false and unsubstantiated claims that the use of acai berry-based
products, which they promoted, would result in rapid and substantial weight
loss.

Judge Bumb ordered both the commission and the company to justify why she should
approve the proposed $11.5 million settlement when the lack of an admission by
the company and the executive of any wrongdoing left her with no facts with
which to judge whether the negotiated deal was fair, adequate and in the public
interest.

In doing so, she cited a much-discussed case involving the S.E.C. and Citigroup.
Last November, Judge Jed S. Rakoff of Federal District Court in New York
rejected a proposed $285 million settlement of securities fraud charges for the
same reason: without an admission of guilt or agreed-upon facts there was no
basis for an approval.

And on Friday, an S.E.C. commissioner, Luis A. Aguilar, told a group of
securities lawyers that a recent attempt to tighten the agency's policy of
allowing a company to settle a fraud case while neither admitting nor denying
any wrongdoing ''applies in so few situations, it needs to be revised to be more
useful and effective.''

While another S.E.C. case in Wisconsin, where a federal district judge in
December challenged an S.E.C. settlement, was subsequently approved, the cases
demonstrate that Judge Rakoff's challenge of the ''neither admit nor deny''
settlement is reverberating beyond Wall Street and New York.

That is not what securities law experts expected last November, when Judge
Rakoff issued the ruling.

At the time, the consensus was that the decision was unlikely to affect cases
involving other regulatory agencies or in other jurisdictions.

Because the proposed settlements included a permanent injunction against further
wrongdoing by the defendants, they are subject to approval from a federal judge.
But Judge Rakoff argued that the judiciary should not be considered a rubber
stamp to approve executive-branch enforcement cases.

Lawyers both inside and outside the S.E.C. argued that the ''neither admit nor
deny'' settlements were perhaps the only way to get companies to settle fraud
cases, because to admit wrongdoing would open them to civil damages.

An appeal of Judge Rakoff's decision by the S.E.C. is pending at the Second
Circuit Court of Appeals in New York.

The S.E.C. has continued to defend and to use the practice. Matthew T. Martens,
chief litigation counsel at the S.E.C., said Friday that ''every other federal
agency'' settles cases similarly -- and some of them allow a defendant to
explicitly deny the charges.

Because the S.E.C.'s court papers detail its assertions about how securities
laws were broken, ''the public is not left wondering what bad conduct has
occurred when we bring complaints,'' Mr. Martens said at The S.E.C. Speaks, a
conference sponsored by the Practising Law Institute.

Of the roughly 2,000 cases the S.E.C. has filed over the last three years, Mr.
Martens said, a judge has required explanations of the proposed settlements
fewer than 10 times, and only one judge -- Judge Rakoff -- has rejected a
settlement.

In addition to the lack of an admission of wrongdoing in the New Jersey case,
Judge Bumb said the proposed settlement bothered her because it contained a
''carve out'' allowing money set aside for payment of the fine to be used to pay
the company's legal fees.

Those potential fees are uncapped, she noted, leaving the public with no idea if
in fact the company will pay any penalty to the government. Her ruling in the
case was reported Thursday by The American Lawyer.

Judge Bumb also asked the trade commission and the company to submit arguments
on whether this settlement should be subject to the same standards of review
laid out by Judge Rakoff -- that based on the facts of the case the judgment be
considered fair, reasonable, adequate and in the public interest. If the parties
felt that standard is not relevant, Judge Bumb said, they should tell her what
standard should apply.

David C. Vladeck, the director of the F.T.C.'s bureau of consumer protection,
said in a statement that the commission believed ''our settlements serve the
public interest and meet any applicable standard of judicial review.''

The S.E.C. recently revised its ''neither admit nor deny'' policy to forbid the
practice in settlements where a company has admitted guilt in a related criminal
case. That occurred in several instances recently when the S.E.C. settled civil
fraud charges at the same time that the Justice Department settled criminal
charges related to bid-rigging by Wall Street firms in the municipal bond
market.

Mr. Aguilar said at the conference Friday that even that new policy needed to be
revised and expanded to be more effective.

''I think it needs to be expanded to have more utility when other agencies, not
just criminal authorities, get defendants to admit that they conducted certain
acts that were inappropriate,'' Mr. Aguilar said, speaking to a reporter. ''I
believe that should be taken into account with the S.E.C. as well.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Luis A. Aguilar, a commissioner on the Securities and Exchange
Commission. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ALEX WONG/GETTY IMAGES) (B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

No wrongdoing by Farah, says UK Athletics probe

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 163 words


ATHLETICS: UK Athletics has found no evidence of wrongdoing by Mo Farah in the
initial findings of its investigation into allegations of doping against his
coach Alberto Salazar.

The governing body also said its investigation had not given it "any reason to
question the appropriateness of the input" by the Nike Oregon Project to the
double Olympic champion's training regime.

UKA launched a review following allegations broadcast in a BBC Panorama
programme in June that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in
Portland, where Farah trains, had violated several anti-doping rules.

Salazar, an 'unpaid consultant' for UKA, has denied all the accusations against
him and Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the BBC documentary, has
vowed to stick by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

UKA launched a review into the American's relationship with the governing body
and Farah (pictured), who will compete in next month's World Championships in
Beijing.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2015 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 15, 1994, Tuesday

BUSINESS IN BRIEF Deloitte & Touche to pay $ 312 million in S&L case

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section D; Page 3

LENGTH: 179 words


New York - Deloitte & Touche, a major accounting firm, agreed to pay $ 312
million to settle federal charges that it failed to properly audit a number of
failed and troubled banks as well as savings and loan institutions.

The agreement, the second-largest ever won by government agencies pursuing
professional firms in the wake of the savings and loan scandal, resolves all
pending and future federal litigation against Deloitte & Touche in the matter.

In 1982, Ernst & Young agreed to pay $ 400 million to settle federal allegations
of improper auditing.

Monday's settlement, in which Deloitte & Touche neither denied nor admitted
wrongdoing, also mandates that the firm's partners and managers have specified
levels of training for auditing savings institutions. It also defines quality
control procedures.

Arthur Bowman, editor of Bowman's Accounting Report in Atlanta, said he believed
similar settlement discussions were under way between federal officials and
another accounting firm, KPMG Peat Marwick. Company officials could not be
reached for comment.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940750023

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       April 24, 2005 Sunday Home Edition

The week in review

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2E;

LENGTH: 252 words


1. BEVERAGES: Coke settles with SEC

Coca-Cola paid no penalty for misleading investors in the late 1990s by failing
to disclose a program to artificially boost revenue in Japan. In a settlement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Coke admitted no wrongdoing, and no
fine was levied.

2. RETAILING: Card numbers stolen

The latest and largest assault on a consumer information database left 1.4
million customers of DSW Shoe Warehouse vulnerable to identity theft. The theft
of credit card numbers affected customers of 108 DSW stores nationwide,
including four in metro Atlanta.

3. RETAILING: Stockholders protest

Mirant stockholders in suits populated an unusual protest outside bankruptcy
court in Fort Worth, Texas. About 45 of the energy company's shareholders
rallied in a park across from the federal courthouse. They were in town for
hearings in Mirant's ongoing Chapter 11 proceedings.

4. ECONOMY: Consumer prices rise

The March Consumer Price Index showed a 0.6 percent spike, creating concern
about inflation. Even accounting for the impact of higher oil prices, economists
see worrisome signs of stagflation, a mix of sluggish growth and climbing prices
that drags on the economy.

5. ECONOMY: Greenspan: Deficits hurt

Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said large federal deficits threaten the
economy. Controlling government spending is essential, Greenspan told the Senate
Budget Committee, as the oldest of 76 million baby boomers begin leaving the
work force.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 5, 1998, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Business in Brief;
NationsBank settles bond fund query

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 03F; Pg. 03F

LENGTH: 801 words


NationsBank is paying $ 6.75 million to settle federal regulators' charges it
misled investors in 1993 and 1994 about the risks of government bond funds,
telling some the securities are as safe as insured certificates of deposit.
Regulators said Charlotte-based NationsBank and its securities operation had
''blurred the line'' between federally insured deposits and riskier, uninsured
securities investments sold at the branches. NationsBank neither admitted nor
denied wrongdoing in the settlements with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the comptroller of the currency and the National Association of
Securities Dealers' self-regulatory arm. The agreement followed a nearly $ 40
million settlement last year of a class-action lawsuit against NationsBank by
former customers in Florida and Texas. That suit similarly alleged potential
investors weren't properly warned that securities are subject to market swings
and, unlike bank deposits, are not federally insured. ATLANTA Sara Lee to sell
rest of Electrolux stake Sara Lee on Monday sold its small remaining stake in
Atlanta-based Electrolux for an undisclosed price to a Dallas investment group
to focus on marketing its well-known brands. Closely held Engles Urso Follmer
Capital said it acquired most of Electrolux, a direct seller of vacuum cleaners
and floor-care products, from Sara Lee, Wells Fargo, Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce and BankBoston.

THE NATION Treasury bills split in weekly auction The Treasury Department sold $
5.76 billion in three-month bills during its weekly auction Monday at an average
discount rate of 4.99 percent, up from 4.94 percent last week. An additional $
7.3 billion was sold in six-month bills at an average rate of 5.11 percent, down
from 5.115 percent. The new discount rates understate the actual return to
investors --- 5.122 percent for three-month bills with a $ 10,000 bill selling
for $ 9,873.90 and 5.318 percent for a six-month bill selling for $ 9,741.70.
Separately, the Federal Reserve said the average yield for one-year Treasury
bills rose to 5.45 percent last week from 5.40 percent the previous week. Dana
Corp. buys auto parts maker Toledo, Ohio-based Dana Corp. said Monday it will
acquire Echlin for $ 3.6 billion in a merger that combines a manufacturer of
original equipment for new vehicles with a maker of parts to maintain and fix
them. The announcement of the biggest merger ever in the auto-parts industry
came at a time when Echlin was facing a hostile takeover bid by a Michigan
rival. Citicorp, Travelers set lending program Citicorp and Travelers Group said
Monday they will commit $ 115 billion over 10 years for lending and investing in
low- and moderate-income communities and small businesses. In April, Citicorp
and Travelers announced their intention to merge into Citigroup, a deal valued
at $ 70 billion. Arco to acquire Union Texas Petroleum Los Angeles-based
Atlantic Richfield agreed Monday to buy Union Texas Petroleum for $ 3.3 billion
in cash and assumed debt. Arco expects to save $ 85 million annually by cutting
jobs and using less equipment to develop the companies' oil and natural gas
properties around the globe. Ninety percent of Union Texas's holdings are near
sites where Arco has invested heavily in equipment and workers, allowing
operations to be consolidated. Merrill Lynch settles gender bias case Merrill
Lynch & Co. and lawyers for female brokers who sued the firm for gender bias
reached a pact Monday that awards the plaintiffs $ 600,000 and abolishes the
firm's mandatory arbitration process. Pending approval from a judge, 2,500 women
who are current or former brokers for the nation's largest securities firm will
be able to bring bias claims dating back as far as Jan. 1, 1994, before a
neutral panel beginning in July. Panel members will be experts in gender bias
laws and will be selected from a pool of lawyers for both the company and the
plaintiffs.

ALSO NOTEWORTHY Greenville, S.C.-based Liberty Corp. signed a letter of intent
to acquire WALB-TV in Albany from Gray Communications Systems in a deal valued
at $ 78 million. ... Atlanta-based Summit Bank increased its quarterly dividend
to 10 cents a share from 9 cents, payable May 22 to shareholders of record May
15. ... Netscape Communications said it reached a $ 70 million agreement to make
Excite the Internet search engine on Netscape's popular home page. ...  The
Justice Department approved Columbus, Ohio-based Banc One's $ 3.1 billion merger
with First Commerce of New Orleans after the banks agreed to sell 25 Louisiana
branches. ... Nissan Motor said it plans a new sport-utility vehicle, new
advertising and employee training to try to stem plunging U.S. sales. --- Staff
reports and The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and Dow Jones News Service

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times West Virginian (Fairmont, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Prosecutor: No wrongdoing by officers

BYLINE: Michelle Dillon, Times West Virginian, Fairmont

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Jan. 14--FAIRMONT -- The two officers involved in the fatal shooting of a
suspect in the Wal-Mart parking lot in December were cleared of wrongdoing and
returned to duty this week.

But the names of an officer with the White Hall Police Department and a deputy
with the Marion County Sheriff's Department still have not been disclosed.

According to White Hall town attorney J.T. Hodges, the town officer involved in
the shooting was on administrative leave but returned to work this week.

According to Marion County Prosecuting Attorney Jeffrey Freeman, about a week
after the shooting he looked at the evidence from the State Police and cleared
both officers to go back to duty.

Freeman said that the Marion County Sheriff's deputy was on leave and then
returned to work this week.

He said the evidence shows no wrongdoing on either officer's part. No charges
are being filed by the prosecutor's office against either officer.

There was plenty of video footage that showed the officers were justified in
their actions, Freeman said.

The State Police is still conducting the investigation and waiting for
information, like ballistics from the discharged weapons.

Freeman declined to name either officer.

Multiple calls since the shooting to reach White Hall Police Chief Geno
Guerrieri have not been returned.

Repeated telephone calls and emails to West Virginia State Police Sgt. John
Wyatt, who is in charge of the shooting investigation, have also not been
returned.

Former Marion County Sheriff Joe Carpenter has repeatedly declined to name the
officer from the sheriff's department involved in the shooting.

On Jan. 3, three weeks after the shooting, West Virginia State Police
spokesperson Lt. Michael Baylous said that the State Police will not be
releasing any further information nor making further comments about the
shooting.

The West Virginia State Police initially released information about the shooting
within days of the incident.

On Dec. 12, Baylous said that the officers involved in the shooting belonged to
the Marion County Sheriff's Department and the White Hall Police Department. On
Dec. 14 Baylous identified the suspect who was fatally shot at Wal-Mart as Randy
Lee Cumberledge, 39, of Philippi.

The fatal shooting occurred at approximately 3:24 p.m., Dec. 11, 2016, in the
parking lot of Wal-Mart in White Hall.

Cumberledge was the suspect killed when officers were attempting to execute a
bailpiece on Cumberledge for outstanding drug charges and he drove in an
"aggressive manner" toward them.

"The suspect involved had operated a motor vehicle in an aggressive manner
toward officers," a press release from the State Police said. "The two involved
law enforcement officers discharged their firearms to stop the threat."

There was a capias out for Cumberledge for a felony count of delivery of a
controlled substance in Harrison County from July 2015, according to court
records.

According to the 2015 criminal complaint, Cumberledge delivered heroin to an
individual working with the Greater Harrison County Drug and Violent Crime Task
Force.

At the time of the shooting, the Marion County Sheriff's Department was present
at Wal-Mart for the Shop With a Cop event when officers ran to the parking with
the reports of shots fired.

Shoppers at the White Hall Wal-Mart were placed on lock-down inside the store
with the report of gunshots fired near the store's market section. Shoppers were
released from lockdown at 3:43 p.m. Dec. 11.

Email Michelle Dillon at mdillon@timeswv.com

___ (c)2017 the Times West Virginian (Fairmont, W. Va.) Visit the Times West
Virginian (Fairmont, W. Va.) at www.timeswv.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170114-TF-Prosecutor-No-wrongdoing-by-officers-0114-20170114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TF


                    Copyright 2017 The Times West Virginian


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

JUDGE OKS HEINZ CASE SETTLEMENT;
SEC AND TWO BRAZILIAN BROTHERS REACH $4.8 MILLION ACCORD

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-4

LENGTH: 494 words


NEW YORK - A federal judge has approved the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission's $4.8 million settlement with two Brazilian brothers it accused of
insider trading in Pittsburgh-based H.J. Heinz Co., after earlier having
questioned why the accord did not include an admission of wrongdoing.

U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in New York City said the "substantial additional
information" provided by the SEC, "the unique circumstances of this case, and
further guarantees of prompt payment of the proposed fines" justified approval,
according to an order made public Wednesday.

Judge Rakoff is a leading critic of SEC settlements that say defendants neither
admit nor deny wrongdoing. In 2011 he rejected Citigroup Inc.'s $285 million
fraud settlement with the regulator for that reason.

In the Heinz case, Michel and Rodrigo Terpins will pay $3 million in fines and
give up $1.81 million of profit related to their purchase of Heinz stock options
one day before Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and Brazilian private
equity firm 3G Capital agreed to buy the ketchup maker.

The SEC said Rodrigo Terpins, who was at the time vacationing at Walt Disney
World in Orlando, Fla., bought $90,000 in Heinz options based on an illegal tip
from his brother.

It said the options were purchased through a family-owned Cayman Islands entity,
Alpine Swift Ltd., and rose 2,000 percent in value in a single day after the
roughly $23.3 billion takeover was announced in February 2013.

Dwight Bostwick, a lawyer for Michel Terpins, and Steve Kaufman, a lawyer for
Rodrigo Terpins, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. SEC
spokesman John Nester declined comment.

Responding Jan. 30 to the judge's request for more facts in the Heinz case, the
SEC said it believed the settlements with the brothers "reflect a fair, adequate
and reasonable resolution."

Heinz agreed to the buyout four months before SEC Chair Mary Jo White modified
the decades-old SEC practice of letting defendants settle without addressing the
alleged wrongdoing.

The SEC now requires admissions in a broader array of cases, and since June at
least seven settlements have included them.

In the Heinz case, settlement papers do not contain the "no-admit, no-deny"
language about which Judge Rakoff expressed concern, but according to the SEC
they include a clause that makes clear that the removal "should not be construed
as an admission."

Judge Rakoff has said judges cannot easily review the fairness of SEC
settlements that do not require admissions of wrongdoing, and that the practice
does not serve the public interest.

In February 2013, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments on
whether the judge was correct to reject the Citigroup accord, which concerned
securities sold before the financial crisis. The appeals court has yet to rule.

The case is SEC v. Certain Unknown Traders in the Securities of H.J. Heinz Co,
U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-01080.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Senate Dems Call for Criminal Probe of Wells' Execs

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: LAW & REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 765  words


Fourteen senators including Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Elizabeth Warren,
D-Mass., sent a letter Wednesday to Attorney General Loretta Lynch calling for
the Justice Department to investigate possible criminal wrongdoing by senior
executives at Wells Fargo.

The group of senators, led by Sen. Mazie K. Hirono, D-Hawaii., asked Lynch to
not just hold Wells Fargo accountable as a corporation, but also to "prosecute
individual executives who may have broken the law."

"We are not in a position to determine if any of the senior executives at Wells
Fargo committed criminal conduct. That is ultimately the job of the Justice
Department and courts," the letter said. "But these facts raise questions about
whether senior executives, including Mr. Stumpf, knowingly allowed illegal
conduct to continue.

Justice is already investigating Wells after receiving a criminal referral from
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau last month. The San Francisco bank paid
$190 million to regulators and the Los Angeles City Attorney's office after
revelations that it fired 5,300 employees over a five-year period for illegally
opening 2 million bank and credit card accounts without consumers' knowledge.

The letter cites a memo written last year by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates
that has served as a blueprint for holding individual executives accountable for
misconduct. The letter also notes that Justice failed to prosecute any
high-level executives in the wake of the financial crisis.

"We believe this is a critical test of the Department's promise last September
to 'strengthen [its] pursuit of individual corporate wrongdoing' and to 'focus
on individuals from the inception of the investigation,'" the letter said.

The senators' letter quoted a portion of the Yates memo that stated: "The public
needs to have confidence that there is one system of justice and it applies
equally regardless of whether that crime occurs on a street corner or in a
boardroom."

Wells did not disclose to investors or to the Securities and Exchange Commission
that it had been sued in 2015 by the L.A. City Attorney.

When Wells' CEO John Stumpf testified before the Senate Banking Committee last
month, he said Wells did not think the investigation or the settlement were
"material" to the bank.

The letter said that Stumpf's testimony "raised serious questions that demand
additional answers and point to potential individual wrongdoing."

Stumpf continued "to personally benefit by pitching Wells' inflated retail
account numbers to investors," the letter said.

At the Senate hearing, Warren called for Stumpf to resign after comparing his
actions to those of a bank teller who had stolen $20 bills from a cash drawer.
The letter made the same comparison.

"A bank teller that takes a handful of bills from the cash drawer is likely to
face charges for theft and prison time. She can't hide behind an army of lawyers
and corporate policies that diffuse accountability for those at the top," the
letter said. "Meanwhile, an executive who oversees a massive fraud that
implicates thousands of bank employees and costs customers millions of dollars
can walk away with a hefty retirement package and millions in the bank. It's no
wonder that Americans are skeptical of the effectiveness of our criminal justice
system."

Lawmakers are rankled that banks regularly settle fines with the government that
are paid by shareholders, not executives, and that the fines pale in comparison
to the profits banks generated from illegal activity.

The letter also noted that Justice has routinely failed to hold individual
executives accountable.

"Following the 2008 financial crisis, the American people watched as senior
executives repeatedly escaped accountability for actions that nearly brought
down the global economy. No top Wall Street executives went to prison or even
faced prosecution," the letter said. "Americans are rightly frustrated when they
see that justice for the wealthy and powerful is very different than justice for
everybody else."

Separately, Congresswoman Maxine Waters, D-Calif., urged financial regulators to
strengthen a proposed "clawback" rule on when a company can revoke bonuses from
senior executives.

A letter signed by 10 Democrats on the Housing Financial Services Committee
cited the phony account openings at Wells Fargo as the reason to strengthen a
proposal to rein in incentive-based compensation plans at financial
institutions.

Lawmakers are concerned with the "excessive level of discretion" given to
companies in clawing back bonus and other compensation for misconduct, fraud or
misrepresentation.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              March 3, 2008 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

TRYING TO TIE BAM TO SCAM. Developer who helped him buy home on trial

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL McAULIFF in Austintown, Ohio, and MICHAEL SAUL in
Westerville, Ohio DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 518 words


THROWING THE KITCHEN SINK at Barack Obama may not stop him, so Hillary Clinton's
team yesterday hurled the whole house - the dream home that the Illinois senator
bought in 2005 with the help of an indicted Chicago developer going on trial
today.

The Clinton campaign has tried for months to bruise Obama over his ties to Tony
Rezko, but with no clear evidence of wrongdoing by the candidate, the issue has
not swayed voters.

The federal corruption case against Rezko involves state contracts and is
unconnected to the Illinois senator. But Obama's name could still come up in
testimony, and the Clinton campaign hopes the trial will confront the Democratic
front-runner with questions it contends he has failed to answer.

On ABC's "This Week" yesterday, Howard Wolfson, Clinton's communications
director, called on Obama's campaign to release all records and correspondence
relating to Rezko.

Wolfson called for fuller answers about the developer's fund-raising for Obama
and the senator's support of one or more Rezko projects. He also asked, "What
are the full details of this very unusual real estate transaction that Mr. Rezko
and Mr. Obama entered into?"

That question referred to Obama's $1.65 million home. The seller demanded an
adjacent lot be bought as part of the deal, but Obama didn't want it. So Rezko
stepped up, buying the lot in his wife's name for $625,000. Later, Obama bought
part of the empty lot from her to expand his yard.

Obama strategist David Axelrod said Obama has been "forthcoming" about Rezko,
but pressed on releasing the records, Axelrod ducked.

"I believe this matter's been thoroughly reviewed," he said. "No one has
asserted any wrongdoing on the part of Sen. Obama."

Obama's campaign has given to charity nearly $150,000 in donations linked to
Rezko or his associates.

For the Rezko case to help her, Clinton's candidacy must survive beyond
tomorrow's critical primaries in Ohio and Texas. An Obama ally, Sen. Dick Durbin
(D-Ill.), said on "Fox News Sunday" that if Clinton doesn't win big, she should
"make an honest appraisal of her chances" and consider quitting.

That notion was seconded on CBS' "Face the Nation" by Gov. Bill Richardson
(D-N.M.), who hasn't endorsed anyone since he dropped out himself but said the
delegate leader after Tuesday night - almost certain to be Obama - should be the
nominee.

As both candidates stumped in Ohio yesterday, Clinton stepped up her claim to be
the best candidate to entrust with national security. Obama shot back that in
the runup to the Iraq war, "She didn't give diplomacy a chance."

msaul@nydailynews.com

SIDEBAR Who is Tony Rezko?

The 52-year-old Syrian-born real estate developer is a prominent fund-raiser for
Chicago politicians, including Barack Obama.

What is he charged with?

Federal prosecutors say Rezko shook down investment companies that wanted
Illinois state government business by forcing them to contribute to candidates
he supported.

What's the Obama link?

Rezko raised money for Obama's campaigns, and Obama recommended a state agency
help finance a Rezko project. When Obama bought his home in 2005, Rezko quietly
helped.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "No one has asserted any wrongdoing on the part of Sen. Obama," a
strategist says of candidate, shown at Ohio rally Saturday. Photo by Ron
Antonelli/Daily News

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Grand jury clears deputy of wrongdoing in shooting

BYLINE: Jessica Priest, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Aug. 27--A grand jury cleared an off-duty Refugio County deputy who fatally shot
a home intruder of any wrongdoing Thursday.

"There is no finding of negligence, there is no finding of failure of duty and
there is no finding of criminality," Victoria County Criminal District Attorney
Stephen Tyler said Friday.

Article 2.03 of the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure required Tyler to present
the case to a grand jury for review, he said.

Refugio County Sheriff's Deputy Tammy Gregory fatally shot Wade Austin Kloesel,
27, on April 16.

Kloesel entered Gregory's home in the 100 block of Clydesdale Lane through a
window, officials said.

Kloesel's family said he smoked synthetic marijuana and was acting paranoid
then.

Tyler filed the grand jury's findings about Kloesel's death with District Clerk
Cathy Stuart, but Stuart returned it.

She said the legislature has given her authority to accept indictments, not
grand jury findings.

Stuart said Judge Bobby Bell agreed with her. She said she would not make the
findings available to the public until Tyler sent her a legal argument giving
her authority to do so.

Tyler; meanwhile, thought Stuart was misunderstanding the law. He said she can
accept findings, and he may ask the Texas Attorney General for an opinion to
prove his point.

Tyler pointed to how in March 2015, a grand jury in Travis County did not indict
University of Texas System Regent Wallace L. Hall Jr., but filed findings with
the district clerk there chastising him for demanding and possibly sharing
confidential student records.

Victoria County grand juries have issued findings before and they've been
released to the public.

In March 2015, the grand jury explained in writing why they did not indict
former Victoria police officer Nathanial Robinson or the 76-year-old man he
tased during a traffic stop.

In September 2015, the grand jury also explained in writing why it cleared
Victoria police officers Robert Nichols and Jonathan Hein of any wrongdoing in
the shooting death of an Army veteran who had PTSD.

Grand jury findings allows the public to have confidence in an investigation of
law enforcement, Tyler said.

___ (c)2016 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160827-VI-Grand-jury-clears-deputy-of-wrongdoing
-in-shooting-0827-20160827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2016 Victoria Advocate


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             June 16, 2012 Saturday

Murray's future in the balance // Chelsea probe raises questions

BYLINE: Shaun Sutner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 827 words


Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray may have some work ahead repairing the possible
political damage from the latest round of reports about his testimony in an
investigation into wrongdoing in the Chelsea Housing Authority.

The Boston Globe reported yesterday that Mr. Murray, a former Worcester mayor,
was questioned last week by state and federal investigators, amid a grand jury
inquest, about possible criminal fundraising for Mr. Murray by Michael E.
McLaughlin, the former executive director of the Chelsea Housing Authority.

Mr. Murray, in his second term as the state's second-ranking elected official,
has been widely seen as a potential candidate for governor or U.S. senator. But
some have seen his involvement in the McLaughlin scandal, and to some extent his
high-speed car crash on Interstate 190 in Sterling in October 2011, as hurting
his chances.

"When the press is constantly hammering at you, it's not a favorable situation
at all," said state Rep. John J. Binienda, a Worcester Democrat who is the
city's longest-serving state lawmaker.

Telephone records obtained by the Globe show that Mr. Murray and Mr. McLaughlin,
who came under attack and later resigned after it was revealed that he drew a
salary of $360,000, exchanged more than 200 phone calls last year before stories
about Mr. McLaughlin's salary came out.

"One of the things politicians and officeholders dread politically is opening
the morning paper and finding themselves testifying in a case of possible
wrongdoing by public officials," said Paul Watanabe, a professor of political
science at the University of Massachusetts at Boston. "That is the situation Tim
Murray finds himself in."

Paul J. Franco, chairman of the Worcester Republican City Committee, said the
combination of circumstances that Mr. Murray faces will likely hurt him if he
seeks to move up the political ladder.

"It's never a good thing to be involved in a grand jury probe. Murray's
political future is probably going to be connected with McLaughlin's fate," Mr.
Franco said. "His political career may end up crashing like the vehicle he was
driving."

Scott Ferson, a spokesman for Mr. Murray, confirmed that Mr. Murray met with
investigators last week and answered their questions regarding Mr. McLaughlin.

Mr. Ferson declined to reveal the substance of Mr. Murray's testimony.

"The investigators asked the lieutenant governor not to discuss the details of
his interview, and he intends to respect that request," Mr. Ferson said in a
statement. "He expects that they will continue to gather relevant information
and will reach an appropriate result.

"As the lieutenant governor previously stated, he is disappointed and angered by
Mr. McLaughlin's abuse of the public trust," he said. "After the administration
found out about Mr. McLaughlin's actions, they acted swiftly to remove him from
his post and have introduced numerous reforms to ensure something like this
can't happen in the future."

In addition to Mr. Murray, possible Democratic candidates for governor in 2014
include Attorney General Martha Coakley, who is directing part of the
investigation into Mr. McLaughlin's activities, and state Treasurer Steven
Grossman.

Even with this potentially tough field, Worcester-area Democrats loyal to Mr.
Murray say it is possible he can surmount his current challenges.

Also, some polling suggests that Mr. Murray's public image has survived
relatively unscathed over the past year.

A survey over the winter by CommonWealth Magazine showed that 27 percent of
respondents viewed the lieutenant governor favorably, as opposed to 17 percent
unfavorably.

Fifty-six percent said they didn't know, indicating that Mr. Murray's relative
lack of statewide name recognition may to some degree have insulated him from
negative fallout from the McLaughlin affair and his single-car crash, from which
Mr. Murray emerged without serious injury.

A subsequent Suffolk University poll put Mr. Murray's unfavorability at 27
percent.

"In Tim's situation, he met an individual who went out and tried to help him
raise funds for political office, and that was McLaughlin," said Mr. Binienda.
"But I don't think there's a politician in the state, country or world who has
not had money raised for him by someone who turned out to be questionable."

Mr. Binienda noted that Mr. Murray has returned all contributions from Mr.
McLaughlin and has publicly condemned the former Chelsea housing official.

"I absolutely think he's a viable candidate," he said.

Candy Carlson, chairwoman of the Worcester Democratic City Committee, said Mr.
Murray's local backers are waiting for the investigation to play out. In the
meantime she is sticking with Mr. Murray, who some in Central Massachusetts see
as a victim of Boston media, she said.

"We're very supportive of Tim Murray," Ms. Carlson said. "Boston loves to come
after folks on, as we say, this side of the world. Tim's our own."

Contact Shaun Sutner by email at ssutner@telegram.com

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Mr. Murray

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray may have some work ahead repairing the
possible political damage from the latest round of reports about his testimony
in an investigation into wrongdoing in the Chelsea Housing Authority. The Boston
Globe reported yesterday that Mr. Murray, a former Worcester mayor, was
questioned last week by state and federal investigators, amid a grand jury
inquest, about possible criminal fundraising for Mr. Murray by Michael E.
McLaughlin, the former executive director of the Chelsea Housing Authority.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Attorneys say 'specter of alleged wrongdoing' hangs over DCF

BYLINE: Jonathan Shorman.

jonathan.shorman@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 907 words


More than a dozen attorneys say the "specter of alleged wrongdoing" now clouds
Kansas foster care and adoption cases as lawmakers opted Thursday not to
immediately approve an audit of the Department for Children and Families.

The Legislative Post Audit Committee instead elected to create a subcommittee to
develop a proposal for a comprehensive audit of the agency. Rep. Jim Ward,
D-Wichita, had asked for an examination into potential discrimination against
same-sex couples by DCF.

Both Republicans and Democrats expressed concerns with the agency, which has
attracted scrutiny over the past year, first over the safety of children in
foster care and, within the past couple weeks, accusations the agency
discriminates.

Shortly before the Post Audit Committee met to consider Ward's request, the
lawmaker distributed an open letter signed by 17 attorneys and three social
workers that calls for an investigation of DCF.

"In recent days, concerns which have long been held by attorneys and personnel
who work within this system have been brought to light," the letter reads.

"Whether these claims are true or not, the specter of alleged wrongdoing by the
Department for Children and Families now clouds cases which are already
difficult enough."

DCF spokeswoman Theresa Freed on Thursday said only that the agency doesn't have
a policy on same-sex couples and that its priority is the best interest of the
child.

Additionally, a letter signed by an attorney directly alleges DCF refused to
consider adoption to a paternal grandmother because she was a lesbian. The
letter was provided to a reporter on condition the name of the attorney wouldn't
be revealed.

The attorney writes DCF wouldn't consider the paternal grandmother's wife's
income as part of a potential home study, effectively rendering the adoption
improbable based on lack of income.

"They would not consider the income because they would not recognize the
marriage in another state as they were same sex partners. I have a transcript of
the proceeding in which DCF made their position against same sex marriage
clear," the attorney writes in the letter.

The letter doesn't disclose when the case was considered. Kansas has allowed
same-sex marriage only since late 2014. The attorney wrote the transcript
couldn't currently be disclosed because of confidentiality laws.

State auditors would be exempt from such confidentiality requirements and would
be able to examine court documents otherwise shielded from public view.

"I believe the evidence is there and if given the protection of a post audit,
there will be substantial evidence of discrimination by DCF," Ward said.

Attention on DCF has intensified in recent weeks after a 2013 court ruling from
Johnson County District Judge Kathleen Sloan found the agency had gone to
extraordinary measures to create a case against a lesbian woman who wanted to
adopt the foster child she had cared for since birth. A number of same-sex
couples have also shared allegations of discriminatory treatment with The Topeka
Capital-Journal and other media.

While Ward's request focused on issues of potential discrimination, the
committee indicated support for a wider examination of DCF. Other issues raised
by lawmakers included the state's privatized child support system as well as
concerns about the safety of children in foster care - including regulations
governing the number of foster children a family can have and the size of homes
needed.

The arrest and charging of Topeka City Councilman Jonathan Schumm with child
abuse last month raised questions about the regulation of foster homes. The
Schumms have said they have 16 children. Four are biological, two are in foster
care and 10 are adopted.

Rep. John Barker, R-Abilene, expressed concern about what he called the
"warehousing" of foster children, but didn't cite a particular case.

"It looks like a system that needs to be fixed, so we should do it in a
comprehensive way," said Rep. Peggy Mast, R-Emporia.

The audit discussion Thursday came after the creation of a special interim
committee to examine the foster care system. That committee has only been
authorized to meet once and held its meeting earlier this fall. But Sen. Laura
Kelly, D-Topeka, said she would request the committee hold public hearings
during the legislative session.

Hearings would allow individuals and couples who believe they have been
discriminated against by DCF to speak out. Lawmakers would also be able to
potentially hear directly from DCF officials.

Lawmakers expect the subcommittee created by the Legislative Post Audit
Committee on Thursday to prepare an audit proposal for consideration in January,
when the panel meets next. Tom Witt, director of Equality Kansas, said he was
disappointed in the delay.

"We are calling for a full, complete investigation into DCF placement practices.
It's time to be accountable to the people of Kansas, and stop hiding behind
arcane audit and committee procedures," Witt said in a statement.

The comprehensive audit lawmakers appear to be leaning toward resembles an
earlier audit from Ward and Rep. Ed Trimmer, D-Winfield. In July, the pair
requested an audit of the foster care system, citing the deaths of foster
children in recent years.

Earlier this week, Gov. Sam Brownback endorsed an examination of the entire
foster care and adoption system. But he defended DCF against charges it
discriminates, saying the agency gives everyone a "fair shake" and follows the
law.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 21, 1989, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Justice Dept. Investigating 1,000 H.U.D. Cases

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 20


Attorney General Dick Thornburgh said today that the Justice Department was
investigating about 1,000 cases of possible wrongdoing at the Department of
Housing and Urban Development in Ronald Reagan's Administration.

The department had been known to be conducting about 600 investigations by the
93 United States Attorneys across the country. Major prosecutions are under way
in Fort Worth, Denver and Oklahoma City.

On the NBC News program ''Meet the Press,'' Mr. Thornburgh said, ''They are
difficult cases, as all white-collar crime cases are, because they involve very
sophisticated schemes designed to conceal the wrongdoing that's occurred.''

Asked whether these investigations involve low-level financial crimes rather
than ''big scams,'' Mr. Thornburgh said, ''Rest assured we're going to follow
the evidence in the H.U.D. matter as we would in any other matter to insure that
people engaged in wrongdoing are brought to justice.''

A Justice Department spokesman later said the investigations involve ''all
levels'' of wrongdoing.

Mr. Thornburgh said he would not discuss the specifics of any of the
investigations. He also said ''we've kept a close liaison'' with the House
committee investigating the H.U.D. irregularities.

On another matter, the Attorney General spoke out against leaks of department
information to the news media, saying, ''I'm not going to leak things publicly
about things that we're investigating privately.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Countrywide's Mozilo settles SEC charges

BYLINE: Zachary A. Goldfarb

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 908 words


Former Countrywide Financial chief Angelo Mozilo, the most high-profile
executive to face federal charges in connection with the financial crisis,
agreed Friday to pay $23 million to settle allegations by the Securities and
Exchange Commission that he committed fraud and insider trading while sowing the
seeds of the mortgage meltdown.

Mozilo transformed Countrywide into one of the dominant mortgage companies of
the housing boom, competing aggressively to offer new types of home loans that
allowed borrowers to buy bigger homes that they often couldn't afford.

The company became the largest mortgage lender in the country, generating
hundreds of millions of dollars in wealth for Mozilo, the perpetually tanned son
of a Bronx butcher. In mid-2008, as Countrywide's subprime losses threatened its
survival, Bank of America swooped in to buy the firm.

Two years later, Countrywide's legacy still hangs over the housing market as it
struggles to recover amid revelations that many banks, including Bank of
America, may have evicted struggling homeowners without regard for their legal
rights.

Mozilo's lawyer declined to comment. As part of the settlement, Mozilo neither
admitted nor denied wrongdoing.

Under the terms of the SEC settlement, Mozilo must pay a total of $67.5 million.
Most of that amount is designed to return to former Countrywide investors
profits Mozilo earned in the alleged wrongdoing, and will be paid by Bank of
America under a Countrywide indemnification agreement with Mozilo. Mozilo is
paying about $23 million out of his own pocket as a penalty.

Mozilo also will never be able to serve as a top executive or board member at a
public company.

Robert Khuzami, director of the SEC's enforcement division, said in a statement
that the penalty "is the fitting outcome for a corporate executive who
deliberately disregarded his duties to investors by concealing what he saw from
inside the executive suite - a looming disaster in which Countrywide was
buckling under the weight of increasing risky mortgage underwriting, mounting
defaults and delinquencies, and a deteriorating business model."

For all the landmark cases to grow out of the financial crisis - Goldman Sachs
this year and Bear Stearns in 2008 - none had nabbed a high-profile senior
executive, certainly not in the same way that Worldcom chief executive Bernard
Ebbers was held liable after the corporate accounting scandals of the early
2000s, or junk bond king Michael Milken was held to account after the Wall
Street scandals of the late 1980s.

Unlike Ebbers and Milken, Mozilo's settlement with the SEC is civil and he faces
no jail time. Whether he'll ultimately face criminal charges is up in the air.
The U.S. attorney in Los Angeles is investigating, according to a person
familiar with the matter.

The SEC announced the charges against Mozilo in June 2009, and the settlement
comes days before a trial was to begin in Los Angeles. Mozilo was accused of
misleading shareholders and selling  $140 million of company shares based on
inside information.

A trial would have had high stakes for both parties. For the SEC, it would have
been a test of whether the regulator, trying to mend a reputation bruised during
the financial meltdown, could win a high-profile case against a central player
in the crisis. For Mozilo, it would have been an early evaluation of the
evidence that could be used by prosecutors in a potential criminal trial.

The SEC case concerned disclosures that Countrywide made in 2005 through 2007 as
the housing bubble inflated. The company made loans, then bundled and sold them
to Wall Street. Over time, it moved into riskier parts of the market, ultimately
becoming the top originator of all types of loans, from the safest to the
riskiest.

The SEC charged that Mozilo and two other executives told Countrywide's
shareholders that the firm wasn't partaking in the risky mortgage lending
practices of competitors, when in fact it was radically reducing the standards
it used to make loans. While touting the firm's financial health to investors,
Mozilo in private e-mails referred to loans the company was making as "toxic"
and acknowledged the firm was "flying blind," the SEC alleged.

The SEC also alleged that the company's annual reports in 2005 and 2006 falsely
claimed that Countrywide could continue to sell loans it made to Wall Street "by
consistently producing quality mortgages."

In its case, the SEC also charged former Countrywide chief operating officer
David Sambol and former chief financial officer Eric Sieracki. Sambol will pay a
$520,000 penalty ($5 million more will be paid by Bank of America) and Sieracki
will pay a $130,000 penalty. Sambol will not be able to serve as a top executive
or director for three years, and Sieracki will not be able to serve as a finance
officer for one year.

A lawyer for Sambol said his client had agreed to settle the case "to put the
matter behind him for the benefit of his family and loved ones." A lawyer for
Sieracki noted that the SEC did not pursue its most expansive fraud charges
against him and settled for a lesser charge. Sambol and Sieracki neither
admitted nor denied the charges against them.

A Bank of America spokesman said: "Neither Bank of America nor Countrywide were
sued by the SEC. We are not a party to the lawsuit. All of the factual
allegations in the SEC's complaint concern events prior to Bank of America's
acquisition of Countrywide in 2008."

goldfarbz@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 12, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

CORPORATE CONDUCT: CONGRESS;
G.O.P. IN CONGRESS MOVING PAST BUSH ON BUSINESS FRAUD

BYLINE:  By RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1588 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 11


In the clearest sign thus far that Republican Congressional leaders are moving
far beyond the White House in supporting stiff penalties for corporate
wrongdoing, House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert endorsed a Senate proposal today
that called for tough new criminal sanctions and expanded prison terms.

One after another, lawmakers in both parties seemed intent on one-upping one
another.

"In the environment we are in, virtually anything can pass," Senator Phil Gramm
of Texas told reporters tonight after a dizzying day of legislative maneuvering
over new measures to address corporate malfeasance. "Everybody is trying to
outdo everybody else."

Senator John McCain of Arizona, for one, called for sweeping new business
reforms that go far past even the most aggressive Democratic proposals. One
amendment by Mr. McCain, which was blocked, would require publicly traded
companies to include the cost of employee stock option grants as an expense on
their income statements.  Page C1.

While Mr. McCain is no ally of the Bush administration, Mr. Gramm, who is closer
to the president, made it clear today that he supported the Democratic-backed
Senate proposals on criminal penalties. But Mr. Gramm said he still hoped to
drastically scale back broad Democratic proposals for accounting and
corporate-governance reforms.

And Representative Bill Thomas, a California Republican who is chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, introduced a bill to stop companies from avoiding
United States taxes by acquiring a Bermuda address. The plan immediately came
under attack from prominent corporations, which complained that it would punish
legitimate corporate financing without closing the Bermuda loophole.

President Bush proposed more limited penalties to curb corporate wrongdoing in a
speech on Wall Street two days ago. But the comments and actions of Mr. Hastert
and other leading Republicans signaled that even in the Republican-controlled
House, many lawmakers were not satisfied with Mr. Bush's ideas and do not
believe that he put the matter to rest. Democrats are working hard to make
corporate scandals into a campaign issue, and few lawmakers want to be seen as
standing in the way of reform -- especially those who, unlike Mr. Bush, face
re-election in November.

The Senate provisions that were approved on Wednesday and that Mr. Hastert
supports are part of a broader overhaul of accounting and corporate governance
laws. But they are far more ambitious than proposals in a bill passed by the
Republican-controlled House in April.

However, Mr. Hastert also appeared today to offer a tentative endorsement of
other provisions in the overall Senate bill, saying that the Senate has "acted
responsibly so far."

In Minneapolis today, Mr. Bush seemed to display some impatience over the
attention that was being paid to the issue. He spoke about the way he believes
that the attack on the World Trade Center has changed the way Americans viewed
their lives.

"I believe people have taken a step back and asked, 'What's important in life?'
" Mr. Bush said. "You know, the bottom line and this corporate America stuff, is
that important? Or is serving your neighbor, loving your neighbor like you'd
like to be loved yourself?"

But at a fund-raiser there tonight, Mr. Bush was again extolling the importance
of corporate responsibility.

"Corporate America must be responsible for its behavior as well," he said. "We
expect balance sheets to be fair and open, we expect transparency and we expect
those in charge of corporate America to treat the shareholders and employees
with the utmost respect."

Mr. Hastert's comments underscored growing concern among Republicans that the
party has not done enough to put to rest corporate fraud as an increasingly
perilous political problem. Asked whether corporate reform would be a big issue
in the fall elections, Mr. Hastert said, "Some people will try to politicize
this issue, yes."

Mr. Hastert, an Illinois Republican, described the Senate's criminal-penalties
plan today as "a step further than what we did in April, but I support it so
far."

He added that "from what I have seen," the proposals were "good provisions" that
he believed did not go too far.

Representative Richard A. Gephardt, the House Democratic leader, derided what he
called Mr. Hastert's "road-to-Damascus conversion," but he warned that the House
must still agree to the provisions in a conference committee. He suggested that
Mr. Hastert was driven by political concerns but might not follow through on his
oratory.

"It doesn't mean anything if they don't follow it up with actually voting for
these changes," Mr. Gephardt said.

"If they've decided that what they did in April was wrong and not the way to
go," he added, "then there's a very easy way to remedy the problem."

Despite the extraordinary political pressure on lawmakers not to stand in the
way of anything termed "corporate reform," it was clear today that some leading
Republicans did not share Mr. Hastert's enthusiasm about what the Senate passed.

Representative Michael G. Oxley, the Ohio Republican and chairman of the
Financial Services Committee, refused to say today whether he backed the Senate
proposal, and he said he had not discussed the matter with Mr. Hastert.

But Mr. Oxley, who sponsored the House's version of accounting and
corporate-governance legislation, warned that the Senate was turning into a
"feeding frenzy."

"Summary executions would get about 85 votes in the Senate right now," Mr. Oxley
said.

In rapid-fire unanimous votes on Wednesday, the Senate approved a new
securities-fraud statute calling for up to 10-year prison terms for using a
"scheme or artifice" to defraud investors, and approved a plan to send senior
corporate executives to jail for up to 10 years if they recklessly or knowingly
publish misleading financial statements.

They also increased penalties for illegal document destruction, conspiracy
convictions for offenses related to white-collar crime and criminal violations
of federal employee-benefit laws meant to safeguard worker pension plans.
Those provisions are now part of the broader bill sponsored by Paul S. Sarbanes,
Democrat of Maryland, which could be voted on as soon as Monday, with lawmakers
in both parties expecting passage by a wide margin. But the bill will have to be
reconciled with the less-aggressive House proposal, and many Republicans still
have serious concerns about some central provisions of the Sarbanes bill.

In the debate on the bill this afternoon on the Senate floor, lawmakers in both
parties used parliamentary maneuvers to block several amendments, notably the
controversial provision by Mr. McCain to require publicly traded companies to
include the cost of employee stock option grants as an expense on their income
statements. Such a move would reduce reported earnings at some large companies
by hundreds of millions of dollars, and business lobbyists made its defeat a top
priority.

A White House spokeswoman, Claire Buchan, said the Bush administration had not
yet taken a position on most of the criminal-penalties provisions passed by the
Senate Wednesday, saying that "things moved very quickly and we haven't had the
opportunity to review them."
Despite Mr. Hastert's endorsement of the Senate's criminal-penalties provisions,
the fate of the rest of the Sarbanes bill is not clear. The bill seeks to
tighten oversight of auditors and reduce conflicts of interest in the accounting
industry and among Wall Street research analysts. But Republicans in the House
-- and the White House -- say they have concerns about whether the legislation
will give a proposed new accounting regulatory board too much power to enforce
securities law and investigate violations, and whether the bill will spur
needless lawsuits against corporations.

If the Senate approves its bill early next week, Mr. Hastert said the conference
committee could begin its work later in the week. But Mr. Oxley, and aides to
Mr. Hastert, suggested it was unlikely that conferees would complete their work
before the August recess. Mr. Oxley even suggested that lawmakers could use a
"cooling off" period before taking up the legislation again.

Mr. Gramm, meanwhile, warned that the Sarbanes provisions unrelated to criminal
penalties could be substantially rewritten in the conference, where a handful of
lawmakers are free to horse-trade. "It's a much smaller group of people, and
conferences, by their very nature, are very different," he said.

Also today, the Senate Finance Committee unanimously approved pension-overhaul
legislation intended to better protect employee nest-eggs in the aftermath of
huge investment losses by pensioners at Enron and other scandal-ridden
companies. Among its provisions, the bill permits workers to sell company stock
awarded as a 401(k) match three years after they receive it, and it would also
increase taxes on certain forms of executive compensation.
The measure, sponsored by the finance committee chairman, Max Baucus, Democrat
of Montana, does not include a controversial proposal already passed by the
House to allow investment companies that administer 401(k) plans to also offer
investment advice to workers. Many Democrats feared that measure would lead to
conflicts, as investment firms pitch workers products for which they could earn
a fee.

The Baucus proposal must still be melded with pension legislation, staunchly
opposed by business groups but backed by consumer advocates, that is sponsored
by Senator Edward M. Kennedy, the Massachusetts Democrat.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Michael G. Oxley said it was unlikely that
legislation would pass by the August recess. (Paul Hosefros/The New York
Times)(pg. C4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Oregon: Bipartisan Group of Senators Launches Whistleblower Protection Caucus

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Salem


Democratic Party has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON - [#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections
against retaliation for private sector and government employees who call
attention to wrongdoing, a bipartisan group of senators today launched the
Whistleblower Protection Caucus. The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on
legislative issues affecting the treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a
clearinghouse for current information on whistleblower developments of interest
in the Senate.  It will also coordinate training and consultation for any Senate
office in need of assistance in responding to whistleblower disclosures or
retaliation allegations.

The founding members of the Whistleblower protection Caucus are senators Chuck
Grassley of Iowa (chairman), Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice-chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation. Some of them have already been
targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the environment for
whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step forward when they
encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip our Senate
colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who play a vital
role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct," Grassley said.

"Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant. That's been true for a long time and there
is no better proof than whistleblowers who shine a light where others have not.
Sadly, instead of being rewarded for speaking out, whistleblowers often face
retaliation and serious career threats for doing what's right, what's necessary
and for exposing practices that waste tax dollars and even risk public safety.
We are all better off when whistleblowers can step forward without fear. That's
what this Caucus is designed to foster and it's why I'm pleased to join Sen.
Grassley and my colleagues in this effort," Wyden said.

"As the author of the Military Whistleblower Protection Act, I am proud to join
Senators Grassley and Wyden as a founding member of the bipartisan Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. I look forward to continuing to build on past efforts to
protect whistleblowers from harassment and retaliation," Boxer said.

"The size and scope of the federal government have grown far beyond the ability
of Congress to provide oversight on its own. Whistleblowers who courageously
expose waste, fraud and abuse are performing an incredibly important service to
their fellow citizens. They deserve all the protection from retaliation that
Congress can provide," Johnson said.

"Too often whistleblowers who simply tell the truth end up risking their jobs,
or in terrible circumstances, even their own well-being to shine a light on
possible safety or security violations. We must do everything we can to ensure
whistleblowers are protected and are not subjected to harassment or retaliation
for serving as modern-day Paul Reveres. I thank Senators Grassley and Wyden for
their leadership convening this caucus and look forward to working with my
colleagues to support whistleblowers who come forward when issues arise," Markey
said.

"I look forward to working with my colleagues on initiatives that preserve the
liberties of individuals who bring professional and ethical misconduct to light
- moral courage that can  oftentimes come at great personal cost," Tillis said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutioLondon:

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

JPMorgan faces $750 million fine

BYLINE: Danielle Douglas;Dina ElBoghdady

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 790 words


JP Morgan set to pay fine for 'Whale' trading losses        JPMorgan's $750
million "Whale" fineRegulators expected to levy $750 million in fines; bank may
make declaration of wrongdoing

Authorities in the United States and Britain are set to hand down roughly $750
million in fines against JPMorgan Chase over the bank's disastrous "London
Whale" trading losses last year, according to people familiar with the
negotiations.

The settlements could be announced as soon as this week, said the people who
were not authorized to speak publicly because the settlements have not been
finalized. It would resolve a majority of the investigations that were launched
after JPMorgan revealed that its traders in London placed bad bets on credit
derivatives that resulted in billions of dollars in losses.

The bank may make a rare declaration of wrongdoing in its agreement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, which recently introduced a policy demanding
admissions of misconduct in certain types of civil settlements, according to a
person familiar with the negotiations.

The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve and Britain's
Financial Conduct Authority have negotiated separate settlements with the bank,
the people said.

While SEC Commissioner Mary Jo White has aggressively pushed for an admission of
wrongdoing in some civil cases, she did not take part in the JPMorgan deal,
people familiar with the case said.

Federal policy prohibits White and the SEC's co-director of enforcement, Andrew
Ceresney, from weighing in because both had represented JPMorgan in the past
year, when they were partners at the law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton in New
York.

Officials at the agencies and JPMorgan declined to comment for this article.

For JPMorgan, the settlements will help put to rest months of upheaval at the
bank that included the departure of senior executives and criminal charges
against traders. The lead trader, Bruno Iskil, who was dubbed the London Whale
because of his outsized bets, was not charged, although two of his colleagues
were.

The former traders - Javier Martin-Artajo and Julien Grout  - were indicted by a
federal grand jury in Manhattan, Reuters reported, citing court papers made
public Monday.  The Justice Department and the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission also are investigating the trading blunder, according to a public
filing.

The revelation in May 2012 that JPMorgan traders lost billions of dollars on
risky trades set off a firestorm that resulted in congressional hearings and
regulatory probes. It was an embarrassing episode for a bank that prides itself
as one of the best-managed firms in the industry.

JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon has been contrite about the trading
blunder, calling it "the stupidest and most embarrassing situation I have ever
been a part of" in his annual letter to shareholders this year. He also called
it "a real kick in the teeth" and one of the ways in which the bank has "let our
regulators down."

But days after the losses jumped to more than $1 billion, Dimon dismissed
concerns about the trades as a "tempest in a teapot." The trades ultimately cost
the bank about $6.2 billion.

A Senate report released in March suggested that Dimon and his team were less
than forthright with regulators about the mounting losses. The report accused
the bank of hiding losses for three months last year, overstating the value of
its trading positions and ignoring red flags. JPMorgan, according to the report,
withheld information about the nature of the trading portfolio when regulators
made inquiries.

At one point, the bank was providing regulators daily profit and loss statements
from its investment division so they could see what was going on. But Dimon put
a stop to it. When one of his subordinates resumed the updates, "Dimon
reportedly raised his voice in anger," the Senate report said.

Dimon has admitted that the bank failed to manage its risks, allowing the bad
trades to persist, but the outspoken chief executive has not professed any
knowledge of traders concealing the losses.

Almost every corner of JPMorgan's business is under scrutiny from state, federal
and international authorities. Regulators are investigating the way the bank
recouped credit card debts from delinquent borrowers, how it marketed
mortgage-backed securities and whether it turned a blind eye to Bernard Madoff's
Ponzi scheme.

As a result of these cases, JPMorgan said it anticipates $6.8 billion in future
legal costs in excess of the money it has already set aside to handle
litigation. That is larger than the amount that other banks have added to their
reserves, according to a recent analysis from Barclays Research.

danielle.douglas@washpost.com

dina@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                 REGION EDITION

MAYOR INDICTED;
OVER TRASH DEAL

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 570 words


SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Mayor Ron Gonzales was booked on fraud, bribery and
embezzlement charges yesterday following a grand jury probe into a secretly
negotiated garbage contract that cost taxpayers more than $11 million.

Mr. Gonzales was released on a $50,000 bond after being indicted on six counts.
He denied any wrongdoing and rejected calls to step down.

Joe Guerra, an aide to the mayor, faces charges of fraud, conspiracy and
embezzlement.

It was not clear which counts Norcal Waste Systems faced, but lawyer Bill
Goodman said there were four charges and the company denied wrongdoing.

Baby-poisoning mistrial

CORONA, Calif. -- A judge declared a mistrial yesterday in the case of a woman
accused of killing her baby by nursing with methamphetamine-contaminated breast
milk, a district attorney's spokeswoman said.

The jury deadlocked 6-6 in the case against the baby's mother, Amy Leanne Prien,
said Ingrid Wyatt, spokeswoman for the Riverside County district attorney's
office.

Ms. Prien was arrested in January 2002 and charged with murder in the death of
3-month-old Jacob Wesley Smith. She was convicted of second-degree murder in
2003, but an appeals court overturned the conviction, citing flawed jury
instructions from the trial judge.

EPA targets animal waste

WASHINGTON -- Large factory-style chicken, hog and cattle farms might soon have
to get permits from the Environment Protection Agency when animal waste from
their operations finds its way into local rivers, streams and lakes.

The agency proposed the new requirement yesterday, but it said it will leave up
to farmers to define what constitutes pollution, and that if it's only
stormwater, never mind.

A federal appeals court had ordered EPA to also consider issuing new standards
for controlling disease-causing bacteria, viruses and parasites in farm runoff.
The agency opted not to adopt any.

Surrender bid falls through

RENO, Nev. -- A man wanted in the June 12 slaying of his estranged wife and the
shooting of the judge handling their divorce arranged to surrender in Mexico
yesterday but failed to show up, authorities said.

Darren Mack, 45, was believed to be on Mexico's west coast and had been spotted
in the Puerto Vallarta and Cabo San Lucas areas, Reno Police Chief Michael
Poehlman said.

His plan to turn himself in at the U.S. consulate in Puerto Vallarta had been
the most significant break in an international manhunt for Mr. Mack since the
attacks on Charla Mack and Judge Chuck Weller.

13th serial killing alleged

KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A former trash company supervisor accused of strangling a
dozen women over two decades was charged yesterday in a 13th killing.

Lorenzo J. Gilyard, 55, was already charged with killing 11 prostitutes and
another woman between 1977 and 1993. He was arrested in 2004 after the city's
crime lab used a federal grant to begin DNA testing of evidence in its cold-case
files.

The new murder charge involves Helga Kruger, a 26-year-old Austrian who was
killed in February 1989.

Also in the nation . . .

Goldman Sachs chief Henry M. Paulson Jr., nominated to succeed John Snow as
Treasury secretary, will sell his holdings in the Wall Street investment firm in
order to comply with government conflict-of-interest rules, the White House said
yesterday ... Marc Holtzman ended his battle for the Republican gubernatorial
nomination yesterday after the Colorado Supreme Court turned down his appeal to
get on the primary ballot.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             April 19, 1991, Friday

A Bush is clipped

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS PAGE; Page 13

LENGTH: 67 words


Washington (Reuter) - The government imposed restrictions yesterday on Neil
Bush, the President's son, after the failure of the Denver-based Silverado bank.
Silverado played a major role in the US savings and loan scandal. Mr Bush, 36,
must ''cease and desist from any acts, omissions or practises involving any
conflicts of interest, unsafe or unsound practises or breaches of fiduciary
duties''.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             August 22, 2003 Friday

Super Bowl supersedes super-fraud

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 589 words

HIGHLIGHT: The postponement of the start of Lea Fastow's fraud trial because of
pro football's title game reflects how corporate wrongdoing has fallen out of
the spotlight.


A federal judge has postponed the start of Lea Fastow's fraud trial because it
conflicts with the Super Bowl, the latest indication that corporate wrongdoing
is falling out of the spotlight.

The trial of Fastow, the wife of former Enron Corp. chief financial officer
Andrew Fastow, was scheduled to start Jan. 27, four days before Houston hosts
football's championship game.

The Houston Chronicle said Wednesday, Aug. 20, that U.S. District Judge David
Hittner postponed the proceeding because football fans were taking over all of
the city's hotel rooms, leaving no space for counsel. Yet the paper said it
checked Monday, Aug. 18, and found rooms were still available, though far fewer
than normal.

The postponement capped off an interesting few days for Lea, who is accused of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud, money laundering and filing false tax returns.
She has pleaded not guilty.

Lea appeared Monday before Hittner to acknowledge the risk of a hiring a new
lawyer who works for the same firm that represents her husband, who is expected
to be tried next year on Enron-related fraud charges. The Houston Chronicle said
Lea used a "scooter contraption" to get to the courtroom, having suffered a
broken ankle.

While the Fastow prosecutions heat up, the limited partnership that Andrew
Fastow ran while serving as Enron CFO is emerging from bankruptcy. LJM2
Co-Investment, as the off-balance sheet entity is called, helped Enron move debt
from its books, reaping millions of dollars for Fastow. The partnership was
brought down when the energy trader collapsed. The Houston Chronicle said
Wednesday that a bankruptcy judge cleared the partnership's reorganization on
Monday.

While the Fastows' courtroom ordeal is only beginning, another chapter in
Enron's history is coming to a close. The energy company has put its 50-story
Houston office building up for sale. Granite Partners LLC, a real estate
investment bank, was retained to sell the facility.

One company that has extracted itself from a potential scandal is
PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Washington Post said Monday that the Securities and
Exchange Commission has closed its investigation into PwC's auditing of
MicroStrategy Inc., which three years ago disclosed that it had overstated
revenues.

While the auditing firm avoided charges, one of its auditors was less fortunate.
The Washington Post said Warren Martin agreed to be barred from auditing public
companies. He can seek reinstatement in two years. The paper said Martin already
had left the accounting firm for Claris Capital LLC, a McLean, Va.-based
investment bank.

More broadly, however, accounting problems continue to interfere with mergers.
Zimmer Holdings Inc. said Wednesday that the SEC is investigating Centerpulse AG
relating to undisclosed "accounting issues." It said Centerpulse is cooperating
fully with the investigation. Warsaw, Ind.-based Zimmer has offered $3.2 billion
in cash and stock for Centerpulse, a Swiss orthopedic technology maker, the
Associated Press said. CBS MarketWatch quoted a Zimmer official Thursday as
saying the company remains committed for now to the merger.

In other news, Northrop Grumman Corp. moved to keep itself in the government's
good graces. The defense contractor agreed Thursday to pay $80 million to settle
charges that it overbilled the U.S. Navy and sold defective equipment. The
charges occurred at Newport News, a ship building division that Northrop bought
two years ago.



URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Texas: Houston Professional Football Stays the Same; Compliance Evolves

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The State Of Texas has issued the following news release:



   Patriots PictureThe history of professional football in Houston is certainly
star-crossed. After winning the first two American Football League (AFL)
championships in 1960 and 1961, the Oilers never made it back to the big game.
After the merger of the National Football League (NFL) with the AFL, they never
made it past the American Football Conference (AFC) round. Add to this 55 year
streak of non-champions, the Oilers hold the inglorious record for having the
largest lead ever surmounted in a playoff games, when in 1993 they gave away a
38-3 third quarter lead to the Buffalo Bills to lose with a final score of
41-38.





 So choking in a big game is burned into the DNA of Houston professional
football, even if the names have changed from the Oilers to the Texans. We were
treated to the most recent display of Houston professional football ineptitude
last Thursday when the Texans marched into Gillete Stadium and lost to a New
England Patriot team led by a third-string quarterback making his first NFL
start, in a 27-0 whitewash. However, the score really was not that close as the
Texans could not even manage to cross midfield until the middle of the third
quarter. The Texans were outplayed in every phase of the game, outcoached in
game preparedness and temperament and were completely outclassed as an
organization. In short, a complete, total and utter old fashioned butt-whippin'.
Finally, it makes the Texans zero for the 21st century vs. the Patriots.



 The Texans pitiful performance was on my mind when I read an interesting
article from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business Working Paper
Series by Sureyya Burcu Avci and H. Nejat Seyhun. The paper is entitled "Why
Don't General Counsels Stop Corporate Crime?" and, as stated in the abstract,
the paper is designed to "analyze the potential reasons why corporate counsels
keep silent in the face of potential wrongdoing in their own firms and propose
policy recommendations to better protect shareholders' interests". What I found
interesting was that the paper touched on many of the structural deficiencies
raised by Donna Boehme and others in the prior model of corporate compliance
which were found to be empirically demonstrated by Avci and Seyhun in their
paper that General Counsels (GCs) are ill-suited to fulfill the gate-keeper role
of which has now evolved to Chief Compliance Officers (CCOs).



 The authors note that with the passage of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), corporate
attorneys became designated as a "special gatekeeper" and "SOX imposed
requirements on corporate attorneys to report any violation to the chief legal
officer or chief executive officer and if the response from these officers is
inadequate, then to the board of directors to stop any potential wrongdoing."
Yet, just as clearly with scandals as diverse as the General Motors (GM)
ignition-switch scandal, to the financial industry's LIBOR, FOREX and mortgage
fraud scandals, to Volkswagen's (VW) emissions-testing scandal to the options
backdating scandals involving more than 100 companies; the authors note that
what "all of these scandals have in common is the failure of the top in-house
corporate attorney, or the corporate general counsel, in discovering the
institutional dysfunction, fraud and cover-ups, and thus either prevent the
corporation from sliding into fraud and criminal wrongdoing or simply report it
before it got bigger." I would also add to this list the recent scandal
involving Wells Fargo and its fraudulent account-creating scandal.



 The failures in the above scandals and others discussed in the paper make clear
the different roles of a GC and legal function from the compliance function,
even with the mandate from SOX that lawyers perform the gate-keeper function.
The authors wrote, "Corporate attorneys perform multiple functions for their
clients. The traditional role of an attorney is that of an advocate who is main
duty is vigorous representation of the client. In addition to this function,
corporate attorney performs as a transaction engineer, namely that of planning,
designing and negotiation of particular transactions for their corporate
clients." The legal department has and always will exist to defend the company.
It is asked to opine on whether a particular act is legal; in other words can we
do it, not should we do it? The compliance function exists to prevent, detect
and remediate, in other words fix problems.



 In addition to this difference in focus of job roles within a corporation,
there are other components which allow a CCO to carry out these functions,
separate and apart from the role of a GC in the legal function. The first is
that the CCO is empowered by charter or Board direction to carry out compliance
duties. A CCO does not have to go through the GC, as the compliance function
should be reporting directly to the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board.
The CCO position is now a senior corporate level role, often in the C-Suite. In
the corporate world titles and position matter and if your position is seen as
being on the level of the corporate brass it will give you more weight to carry
the day. If you are seen to be under the GC, in the corporate world you are
under the GC.



 This means that the compliance function is seen as collaborative with legal and
not subordinate. Yet this takes work and agreement by both legal and compliance
to carve out their respective roles so that toes are not stepped on or even
worse in the corporate world, feelings are not bruised. It also entails both the
CCO and the compliance function being involved in the company's strategic
planning meetings so that compliance can be proactive and not simply reactive.
Of course this means involvement in risk management meetings, operational
reviews and budget reviews, as that is where the corporation sets its
priorities; yet these are precisely where compliance can bring not only its
expertise to the table but also help to design the appropriate internal controls
to bake compliance into the DNA and very fabric of the organization.



 This is probably the biggest change in the structure of compliance. The CCO and
compliance function should be able to see into the business functions directly,
not through the eyes or even the lens of the legal department. Yet it also means
compliance should work towards an understanding through the integration of
compliance risk areas for review, with unfettered access to information. It also
means the business functions need to report up to compliance through regular
reporting channels. Finally, all of this, by necessity, requires the tearing
down of silos so that compliance has visibility up and down the chain in this
line of sight.



 This is one of the key takeaways from the Avci and Seyhun paper, that the legal
department simply does not have enough information or even line of sight into
issues which become compliance failures. Whether those failures be a Chinese
subsidiary creating fraudulent accounts to fund a pot of money to pay bribes,
branch bank sales personnel opening and then immediately closing new accounts or
some other type of corporate fraud; these issues rarely bubble up to a legal
department and most certainly never do so until a law is broken. That is where
compliance can step in to prevent, detect and remediate something before it
becomes a multi million-dollar scandal.



 The Oilers, er-sorry the Texans continue the fine Houston professional football
tradition of still being losers. However, the compliance profession has grown
and evolved. As corporate scandals continue to dominate the news cycle,
companies are clearly being put on notice of the role of the CCO and compliance,
not the GC and legal, as the appropriate gatekeeper in an organization.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 15, 2013 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Rival coach says he should get job back

BYLINE: BY MITCH ABRAMSON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 86

LENGTH: 272 words


AT LEAST one of Paul Gilvary's fellow CHSAA coaches believes he should get his
jobs back now that he has been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Queens DA's
office, which had been investigating "potential improprieties" by the longtime
Holy Cross coach.

Mount St. Michael boys basketball coach Tom Fraher - who spoke out in support of
Gilvary in November - believes Gilvary should be reinstated as the Knights'
coach and the school's director of admissions.

"I'm glad it worked out for him, and I'm glad the investigation proved what the
findings were," Fraher said. "Now Holy Cross should sit down with Paul, close
the door, discuss it and give him his jobs back.

"He was put on leave because of the investigation," Fraher said. "Well, now the
investigation hasn't come up with any wrongdoings, so hopefully Paul and Holy
Cross can work out a situation that's good for both of them."

Fraher, who told The News in November that he felt Gilvary's once stellar
reputation had been "ruined" by the investigation, didn't see Gilvary for much
of the season, running into him during a Fordham men's basketball game on Jan.9
in the Bronx. Fraher next saw Gilvary at a CHSAA playoff meeting on Monday,
which Gilvary ran.

Fraher said Gilvary, who has been more active in his responsibilities as the
CHSAA Brooklyn/Queens chairman recently, has been open about what he's gone
through lately.

"His life was taken away from him for about three months," Fraher said. "That's
natural for anyone to go through days where you get up and you don't know what
you're doing. You get up, take a shower, have breakfast, read the paper and then
you say, 'Now what?'"

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Queens DA clears Paul Gilvary of any wrongdoing Thursday, paving
the way for his potential return to the Holy Cross bench. Photo by Kathy
Kmonicek

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Use of 'ongoing' as adjective ongoing

BYLINE: Gene Owens

SECTION: LIFE; BUCK'S ENGLISH; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 306 words


"The attorney general's investigation into allegations of financial wrongdoing
is ongoing," the Swayback Daily Kick reported.

Brooks Kirlin, of Norman, pounced on the word "ongoing": This seems to be
popping up everywhere as the new 'word of the month.' According to my
dictionary, 'ongoing' is an adjective."

It is indeed, Brooks, and that's how the Daily Kick used it. "Ongoing" is a
predicate adjective linked to the noun it modifies - wrongdoing - by the linking
verb "is." Predicate adjectives can be confused with predicate nominatives. A
predicate nominative is a noun or pronoun linked to a noun or pronoun that
represents the same thing. When you say "The driver was drunk," "drunk" is a
predicate adjective. When you say "the driver was a crook," "crook" is a
predicate nominative.

That said, Buck admits that "ongoing" is not one of his favorite words. It has
the aura of bureaucracy about it, and Buck manages to get along very well
without using it. He would have written, "The attorney general is continuing the
investigation into allegations of financial wrongdoing."

Still, Buck doesn't try to impose his prejudices on others. "Ongoing" was in use
as far back as 1877 - 30 years before Oklahoma became a state - and Buck's
dictionaries give it a pass without commenting on its pedigree. Like "upcoming,"
another word Buck dislikes, it's formed by throwing a more natural-sounding
idiom in reverse: "going on" becomes "ongoing" and "coming up" becomes
"upcoming."

"How do you feel about escorting me to the upcoming ball that will highlight the
ongoing Swayback June Bug Festival?" Ms. Clarisse van Beauregard asked.

"It makes me want to upchuck," Buck said.

Send questions for Buck to Gene Owens, 315 Lakeforest Circle, Anderson, SC
29625, or e-mail him at BucksEnglish@aol.com Please let Buck know what town
you're from.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Possible wrongdoing by ex-CFCC president prompts SBI probe

BYLINE: Miranda Roberts, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Feb. 24--WILMINGTON -- The State Bureau of Investigation has been asked to look
into allegations against Cape Fear Community College former president Ted
Spring, who abruptly resigned from his position in January.

New Hanover County District Attorney Ben David confirmed he has asked the SBI to
investigate Spring after receiving a call from a member of CFCC's Board of
Trustees who said Spring allegedly asked a staff member to develop a report to
receive a promotion after hiring a former colleague as a consultant to create
the same report.

Board Chairman Jason Harris said he is not aware of a trustee reaching out to
David.

"A trustee wouldn't say the things that were said because they are not
completely right," Harris said, referencing a WECT report.

While Harris said he was not able to discuss the topic of the report in
question, he said it was not based on enrollment.

"The report was done," Harris said. "Ted paid the person to do the report. He
was a former colleague of Ted. We were not provided a copy of that report until
the day that Ted resigned. But even then, the report in our opinion was not
applicable to North Carolina."

Harris said the entire board of trustees did not have a copy of the report. He
believes the report will be made available to the public, though he does not
know when that will take place.

"The big problem is he paid someone to do something without approval and we
didn't feel there was value in it," Harris said.

According to Harris, the report was not the reason Spring resigned.

"There were many, many, many other issues involved," Harris said. "It just
wasn't a fit. Sometimes personnel are not a fit. It happens."

David contacted the SBI Monday requesting its involvement in the matter, asking
CFCC employees be interviewed. If wrongdoing is uncovered, David would not be
the person prosecuting the case.

"The prosecutors who are ultimately going to look to decide if there will be
criminal charges or not are in financial crimes unit of the Conference of
District Attorneys," David said.

Tammy Smith, white collar crime resource prosecutor with the financial crimes
initiative, said she received a call Monday and was asked to take the case for
prosecution purposes if the SBI investigates and uncovers wrongdoing.

"I'm not sure if SBI has made a decision as to what they are going to do," Smith
said.

Smith said that, while every case is different, she does not foresee any
criminal charges being taken out within the next 30 days -- the minimum time it
will take the SBI to conduct an investigation.

Both Harris and David Hardin, CFCC director of marketing and public relations,
said CFCC has not been approached at this time by the SBI regarding an
investigation.

The StarNews reached out to Spring's attorney, Gary Shipman, on Tuesday morning
and had not receive a response by noon.

Miranda Roberts: 343-2328

On Twitter: @MirandaDRoberts

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150224-WG-Possible-wrongdoing
-by-ex-CFCC-president-prompts-SBI-probe-0224-20150224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TITLE FIRM OWNER HAD BEEN FINED

BYLINE: By RANDY DIAMOND Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


The West Palm Beach title company owner who disappeared in late May -- allegedly
after making free use of $2.5 million of his clients' escrow funds -- had been
fined $25,000 three months earlier by state regulators who accused him of paying
kickbacks in exchange for business referrals.

Flagler Title owner Roger Gamblin agreed to pay the fine -- half for Gamblin,
half for the company -- after he signed two consent agreements in February with
the state Department of Financial Services. While not admitting wrongdoing,
Gamblin agreed to cease payments to real estate agents, mortgage brokers or
others, state records show.

Gamblin also agreed to be placed on two years' probation. That was the second
time in two years that Gamblin had been accusing of wrongdoing by state
officials.

In May 2006, Gamblin, 59, paid a $2,500 fine to settle charges that he paid
kickbacks, overcharged for insurance, failed to issue a policy and failed to
submit timely payments to the insurer who was underwriting a title insurance
policy. He was placed on a year's probation, records show.

Despite the two cases, state officials insisted Tuesday that they could not have
foreseen that Gamblin would vanish and that money would be missing.

''There were no red flags that Mr. Gamblin was going to close the agency and
disappear,'' said Barry Lanier, who directs investigations for the state
Department of Financial Services.

Flagler Title, which had nine offices throughout Palm Beach County and the
Treasure Coast, was placed into receivership Monday by a Palm Beach County
Circuit Court judge.

An auditor for Jacksonville-based Fidelity National Financial Co. testified at a
hearing that Gamblin had used at least $2.5 million in clients' money as a
"personal line of credit.''

Although state law requires title insurance companies to cover any shortfalls by
their agents, that applies to customers who bought title insurance from Flagler
Title.

If, however, Flagler Title were engaged in other transactions, such as holding
security deposits for rental apartments, there is no fund to reimburse those
clients, Lanier said.

Miami attorney Larry Saicheck, who was appointed as a receiver in the case, said
Tuesday it would take him at least a week to assess Flagler's assets.

Peter Habenicht, a spokesman for Richmond, Va.-based LandAmerica, which sold
policies through Lawyers' Title at the Flagler offices, said company auditors
were "concerned" about the situation.

"We're doing a thorough review," Habenicht said.

Gamblin also served as vice president of Interstate Title Services Inc., which
state records show became inactive Friday. Interstate is owned by Simon Property
Group (NYSE: SPG, $95.98), the Indianapolis-based mall developer.

~ randy_diamond@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 Roger Gamblin (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Individuals set up for the Carson City Jail are altogether viewed as pure until
demonstrated liable in court.

LENGTH: 281  words


The Nevada Appeal just names people caught on uncertainty of legal offenses and
harsh infringement. Carson City Secret Witness will pay up to $2,500 for
information inciting to the catch and conviction of individuals completing
wrongdoings.

On Thursday,woman 28-year-old was caught At 8:35 a.m.on uncertainty of scorn of
court after agents responded to reports of a possible fight close Highway 50 and
Airport Road. No defend was set.

At 10:11 a.m., a 35-year-old transient man was caught on uncertainty of
encroachment of a suspended after agents began a man by walking stop close Brown
Street and Highway 50 On Thursday.

At 5:20 a.m., Jordan Rogers, 21, of Carson City was caught on uncertainty of
legitimate offense impedance with a loss to report a wrongdoing and pounding of
property after agents responded to reports of a dark issue near the 3100 bit of
Minonee Lane. Defend was set at $5,500 on Friday.

At 3:27 a.m., Russell Gatewood, 33, of Reno was caught on uncertainty of
legitimate offense responsibility for motor vehicle, wrongdoing avoiding an
officer, legal offense trafficking of a controlled substance, responsibility for
stuff, obstructing an officer, driving on a disavowed allow, nonexistent
enlistment, fundamental speed, responsibility for, failure to show up and
endeavor at homicide after agents attempted to begin a movement stop close I-580
and fifth Street. Gatewood tried to escape from specialists to Fairview Drive
and Idaho Street, he hit a ceased vehicle in the Fairview Drive Lowe`s parking
structure and fled by strolling. Delegates got Gatewood near the 1900 square of
California Street. Defend was set at $59,270 on friday. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                                   L2 Edition

Candidate No. 5

BYLINE: By Matt Arado marado@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 415 words


U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Wednesday he did not offer money or anything
else improper to Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for appointment to a vacant
U.S. Senate seat.

"I reject and denounce pay-to-play politics, and have no involvement whatsoever
in any wrongdoing," Jackson said during a news conference in Washington, D.C. "I
did not initiate or authorize anyone at any time to promise anything to Gov.
Blagojevich on my behalf."

Jackson spoke to reporters after several news outlets reported that he is the
"Candidate No. 5" referred to in an FBI affidavit that's part of the federal
case against Blagojevich.

Jackson did not specifically confirm that he is Candidate No. 5, but his lawyer,
James Montgomery, did confirm it during an earlier news conference in Chicago.
Montgomery also stressed that his client had done nothing improper.

"The information contained in the affidavit does not in any way make Rep. Jesse
Jackson Jr. complicit in any pay-to-play activity," Montgomery said. "(Jackson)
is guilty of no wrongdoing."

According to the affidavit, Blagojevich said he was approached by someone
claiming to be an associate of Candidate No. 5 who offered as much as $1 million
if the candidate were appointed to the Senate seat recently vacated by
President-elect Barack Obama.

Jackson said that he personally met with the governor on Monday to discuss his
interest in the Senate seat.

Jackson said it was the first time he'd spoken to Blagojevich in four years, and
that he offered the governor nothing other than his credentials.

"I mistakenly thought that I was being considered because I'd earned it,"
Jackson said.

Jackson said that he planned to meet with federal authorities as soon as
possible to discuss what he knows about the Senate selection process. Montgomery
said the meeting could take place Friday or Monday.

Both Jackson and Montgomery said that the U.S. attorney's office specifically
told them that Jackson is not a target in this investigation.

Jackson, son of the famed civil rights leader, reasserted his interest in the
Senate seat on Wednesday. He called for Blagojevich to resign so that the
appointment would not be "tainted."

Blagojevich was arrested Tuesday on federal corruption and conspiracy charges,
the most celebrated of which is the allegation that he essentially tried to
auction off the vacant Senate seat to the highest bidder.

Blagojevich is free on bond. He hasn't commented directly on the charges, but
his attorney has said the governor is innocent.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: associated press Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said he is not a target of the
federal investigation that led to this week's arrest of Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich. He said he eagerly and openly sought the Senate appointment, but
was not involved "whatsoever in any wrongdoing."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            October 30, 2016, Sunday

Clinton campaign lashes out at FBI over email probe Letter notifying Congress
about new inquiry called 'long on innuendo, short on facts'

BYLINE: Ken Thomas and Kathleen Hennessey, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 512 words


WASHINGTON - Hillary Clinton's campaign lashed out at the FBI on Saturday,
saying there is no indication that a cache of recently discovered emails under
review by the agency is connected to the Democratic nominee. Barnstorming the
West, Republican rival Donald Trump was poised to pounce on the reignited email
controversy.

Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told reporters FBI Director James Comey's
letter to Congress about the new emails is "long on innuendo and "short on
facts.

"There's no evidence of wrongdoing, he said. "No charge of wrongdoing. No
indication this is even about Hillary.

On that latter point, though, Comey, in fact, said the new trove is "pertinent
to the Clinton email investigation, without explaining how.

A government official told The Associated Press on Saturday that the Justice
Department had advised the FBI against telling Congress about the new
developments in the Clinton investigation because of the potential fallout so
close to the election.

Justice officials concluded that the letter would be inconsistent with
department policy that directs against investigative actions that could be seen
as affecting an election or helping a particular candidate, the official said.

Landing with a thud, the email issue again threatens to undermine an advantage
built by Clinton over Trump and raises the possibility that the Republican might
be able to seize momentum during the final days before the Nov. 8 election.

Trump was making campaign stops in the battleground states of Colorado and
Arizona on Saturday, telling followers on Twitter that he had a "big day planned
- but nothing can be as big as yesterday!

Early voting has been under way for weeks and Clinton, who was campaigning
Saturday in Florida, has led in preference polls, nationally and in key swing
states.

The FBI is looking into whether there was classified information on a device
belonging to Anthony Weiner, the disgraced ex-congressman who is separated from
longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Comey, in his letter to Congress on Friday,
said the FBI recently had come upon new emails while pursuing an unrelated case
and was reviewing whether they were classified or not.

The announcement raised more questions than answers and generated criticism that
Comey was injecting a significant development too close to an election. Yet the
FBI director also faced the prospect of intense scrutiny if voters learned that
he had been sitting on a major development until after the election.

Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook spoke to reporters in a conference call,
following Clinton's hastily arranged news conference on Friday night in a high
school choir room in Des Moines, Iowa. In it, she said "the American people
deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately. The director himself has
said he doesn't know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant
or not.

But long-term, the development all but ensures that, even should Clinton win the
White House, she and several of her closest aides would celebrate a victory
under a cloud of investigation.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

INQUIRY ON RED-LIGHT CAMERA FIRM SOUGHT

BYLINE: MICHAEL AUSLEN

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Clearwater has a contract with the company, which has admitted to
bribery in other states.


State lawmakers want the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to investigate
whether a political bribery scandal at a company that sells red-light cameras
extends to the firm's contracts with five Florida cities.

At best, Redflex Traffic Systems sells devices that are a pain for drivers who
run red lights and that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio has called a "scam." At worst, say
state Sen. Jeff Brandes, R-St. Petersburg, and Rep. Matt Caldwell, R-North Fort
Myers, the company could have bribed local officials to win its contracts.

Last month, former Redflex CEO Karen Finley pleaded guilty to federal conspiracy
charges in Ohio after being accused of bribing officials in Columbus and
Cincinnati. She and Redflex face similar charges in Illinois, where the company
admitted to paying $2 million in bribes to Chicago politicians.

No specific allegations have been made about bribes being offered to or accepted
by officials in Clearwater, South Miami, Jacksonville, Kissimmee or Pinecrest,
the Florida cities that hold Redflex contracts. Still, Brandes says the bribery
elsewhere suggests that the FDLE should look into the cities' contracts.

"There is no doubt that was part of their culture and that was part of their
business plan," said Brandes, who chairs the Senate's Transportation Committee.
"The rational nexus is that they're probably bribing people in Florida, or at
least we should look into it."

Redflex representative Tilden Katz said that the company took action to address
corruption in other states.

"More than two years ago, after a small number of employees and consultants
violated company policies, we took strong corrective action," Katz said in a
statement. "There has never been any credible evidence of wrongdoing in Florida,
and we have hundreds of contracts with local governments around the country. ...
We intend to lead the industry in how public-private partnerships are managed."

The FDLE has not yet decided if it will investigate. Spokeswoman Gretl
Plessinger confirmed that Commissioner Rick Swearingen has received the letter
from Brandes and Caldwell, and it is being reviewed.

Brandes said the goal is to determine if there was any wrongdoing here, which
would allow charges to be brought against Redflex in Florida, in addition to the
legal proceedings in Illinois and Ohio.

"Here we have a pattern of corruption," he said. "I believe that this company
did not change their practice just because they were doing business in Florida."

Clearwater police spokesman Rob Shaw said the city is renegotiating its
red-light camera contract with the company.

Contact Michael Auslen at mauslen@tampabay.com Follow Michael Auslen.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: State Sen. Jeff Brandes has asked the FDLE to investigate
Redflex.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

W.R. Grace brass under indictment;
Feds allege cover-up of Libby asbestos danger

BYLINE: Karen Dorn Steele Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1186 words


A 10-count criminal indictment accuses bankrupt W.R. Grace and Co. and seven of
its senior employees of conspiring for decades to hide the deadly hazards of its
vermiculite mine at Libby, Mont., where a third of the residents eventually may
die in an epidemic of asbestos disease.

The federal grand jury indictment, returned Monday in Missoula, accuses the
company and its managers of intentionally misleading the roughly 8,000
townspeople of Libby.

It also charges Alan Stringer, former manager of the now-closed mine and the
corporate face of W.R. Grace in Libby, of fighting to block a U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency investigation of the asbestos contamination in 1999.

Additional charges include wire fraud and "knowing endangerment" of Libby, a
violation of the federal Clean Air Act.

The indictment was anticipated. In a news release last October, W.R. Grace
disclosed it was under investigation. In a statement Monday from its Columbia,
Md., headquarters, the company said it "categorically denies" any wrongdoing and
complained that the Justice Department circulated the indictment to reporters
before the company saw it.

"We are surprised by the government's methods and disappointed by its
determination to bring these allegations. ? We look forward to setting the
record straight in a court of law," the statement says.

A Spokane plaintiffs' attorney who has jousted with W.R. Grace in court hailed
the news.

"This comes as absolutely no surprise. It's really the tip of a very large
iceberg of corporate wrongdoing," said Darrell Scott, an attorney who serves as
chairman of the asbestos property damage committee in W.R. Grace's ongoing
Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. Scott was also appointed special counsel to
represent claimants with the company's asbestos-laced Zonolite attic insulation
in their homes.

"When we first got involved in this case half a decade ago, the first documents
we uncovered caused us to say, these guys ought to be in jail. And what happened
in Libby is only a small part of the story," Scott said.

A longtime Libby resident said he welcomed the indictment.

"I've gotten 20 phone calls already today," said David Benefield.

He and his wife Gayla, a community activist, both have asbestosis although they
never worked in the vermiculite mine.

"We got it anyway, just from living here," the 65-year-old said. Sixty-two
members of their family have died from the disease, been diagnosed with it or
remain at high risk. The indictment says 1,200 Libby residents have been
diagnosed with the disease.

It's important that corporate executives, including former mine manager
Stringer, were named in the indictment, Benefield said.

"That's justified. It's been proven in court here in Libby that the corporate
heads and the people who ran their office here knew that vermiculite was bad
stuff, and people could die from it," Benefield said.

The indictment "will bring some closure to folks who have disease. It's
vindication. It took them five years to bring this company to its knees, and now
they've done it," he added.

In addition to the company and Stringer, others named in the indictment are
Henry Eschenbach, former health official for a Grace subsidiary; Jack Wolter, a
former executive for Grace's construction products division; William McCaig,
former general manager of the Libby mine; Robert Bettacchi, a senior vice
president; O. Mario Favorito, chief legal counsel for Grace, and Robert Walsh,
former Grace vice president.

The company could face a fine of up to $280 million, twice the amount of
after-tax profits the government alleges W.R. Grace realized from the Libby
mine, according to the Justice Department.

Stringer could be sentenced to as many as 70 years in prison, while Wolter and
Bettacchi face maximum prison terms of 55 years. The other defendants could get
five years in prison.

The story of Libby's epidemic was broken by the Seattle Post-Intelligencer in
1999. Air and soil samples taken by the newspaper showed dangerous tremolite
asbestos throughout the town - despite assurances that Grace's old vermiculite
mine had been cleaned up.

Shortly after the Libby story appeared, the EPA launched an investigation. It
has since declared the town an emergency Superfund cleanup site and has spent
more than $55 million on cleanup so far.

W.R. Grace knew that tiny shards of asbestos in their vermiculite ore were
deadly but didn't warn its workers, according to documents obtained in
litigation against the company. In the mid-1960s, two-and-a-half tons of
asbestos were ejected daily from the mill where the ore was processed. Internal
company reports show Grace knew the fibers were blowing into town.

As early as 1976, the company knew of lung problems among its employees at the
mine, according to the indictment.

Grace executives also had reports or studies warning of the dangers of asbestos
vermiculite exposure in 1977, 1980, 1981 and 1982, the indictment alleges.
Eschenbach responded to one of the studies by writing in a memo: "Our major
problem is death from respiratory cancer. This is no surprise."

Despite having that information, the indictment said, Grace officials told the
EPA in 1983 that they knew of nothing to indicate their products posed a threat
to human health.

The company provided vermiculite for a junior high school running track and as a
base for an ice rink, the indictment said. It said Grace also sold or leased
some of its contaminated properties to local residents for homes and businesses,
for baseball fields and for city use.

When the EPA arrived in 1999, company officials lied about providing vermiculite
insulation to local residents for their homes and businesses and failed to
reveal the vermiculite was used on the school's running track, the Justice
Department said.

As late as April 2002, in response to the EPA declaring a public health
emergency in Libby, the company still insisted its vermiculite was not a risk to
the environment and human health, the indictment said.

The ore from Libby was shipped to factories from Spokane to Boston, where it was
puffed up in furnaces to make Zonolite attic insulation. The insulation sickened
plant workers, contaminated nearby neighborhoods - and sits today in the attics
of up to 35 million American homes.

It will cost Spokane County $300,000 to clean up the defunct factory site on
North Maple where Grace's Spokane facility once stood, according to a recent
estimate.

W.R. Grace filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on April 2, 2001, blaming 325,000
asbestos suits and throwing Libby's victims into turmoil. Sick people with
claims against Grace have had to take those claims to bankruptcy court, and the
rules of bankruptcy court may preclude the EPA from ever collecting the $55
million a Montana federal judge ruled Grace should pay to clean up Libby. Grace
has appealed the ruling.

SIDEBAR:

ONLY ONLINE

See court documentation of the 10 counts in the federal indictment against W.R.
Grace and Co.

View the photo slide show "Living and Dying in Libby," telling the story of
Libby residents dealing with asbestos-related diseases. See spokesmanreview.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Associated Press contributed to this story. Karen Dorn Steele can be
reached at (509) 459-5462 or by e-mail at karend@spokesman.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 353 words


AKRON

Alleged triggerman denies wrongdoing

The alleged triggerman in the killings of three men lured by phony Craigslist
job offers in Ohio has testified at his trial and denied any wrongdoing.

Fifty-three-year-old Richard Beasley took the stand Wednesday in Akron. He could
face the death penalty if convicted.

Beasley denied involvement in the 2011 attacks and said that the lone survivor
was sent to kill him in retaliation for being a police snitch in a motorcycle
gang investigation.

The Akron Beacon Journal reports Beasley stepped to the witness stand from a
wheelchair he uses for back problems. He testified in a calm, even voice.

His testimony came after the prosecution rested its case without calling
18-year-old co-defendant Brogan Rafferty. He was convicted last year and
sentenced to life in prison without parole.

CINCINNATI

Man gets 16 years in car-jacking at gunpoint

A judge has sentenced a Cincinnati man to more than 16 years in federal prison
for carjacking a man at gunpoint last year.

The crime occurred after a man was stopped by a Cincinnati police officer for
driving with improper plates in April. The officer told the motorist to pull
over and call for a ride.

Police say that's when 34-year-old Bennie Overton put a gun to the man's head
and forced him to move over into the passenger's seat. The man begged for his
life before jumping out of the car, as Overton sped away.

The Cincinnati Enquirer reports Overton received a 199-month prison term for
car-jacking and other charges.

CLEVELAND

Judge again forces a public shaming

A Cleveland judge who made a woman wear an "idiot" sign in public for driving
around a school bus is calling for the public shaming of a man convicted of
threatening police officers.

In addition to sentencing 58-year-old Richard Dameron to 90 days in jail,
Cleveland Judge Pinkey Carr ordered him to stand in front of a district police
station with a sign when he gets out. Media outlets report that he'll have to
stand for three hours a day for a week in June with a sign apologizing to
officers. The sign will also say, "I was being an idiot and it will never happen
again."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

State needs better checks, balances in place;
ON YOUR MIND

SECTION: IDEAS & VOICES; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 505 words


Letters to the editor

Ohioans should vote for Pillich

The Democratic candidate for Ohio treasurer, Connie Pillich, is right to support
adding an independent inspector general for the office and modifying the duties
of the office's internal auditor. In the Ohio House of Representatives, Rep.
Pillich's efforts on similar reforms for the rest of state government are
further reasons that Ohioans should elect her.

One of the most serious problems in Ohio's state government is a lack of
effective checks and balances. A major cause of this problem is that the
governor appoints the Ohio inspector general, who is responsible for
investigating allegations of wrongdoing in the governor's administration.

Pillich has recognized that this setup involves a conflict of interest. She has
therefore introduced bills to make the Ohio inspector general independent and
nonpartisan by having the person appointed by a bipartisan panel of legislative
leaders.

Additionally, Pillich has been concerned that Ohio has weak protections for
state employees who report wrongdoing they observe in the workplace. For that
reason, she has introduced a bill to strengthen the legal rights of
whistle-blowers.

The vast majority of Ohioans would surely agree that independent and nonpartisan
offices should investigate wrongdoing in state government. They would also agree
that state employees should have strong legal protections from retaliation for
reporting wrongful acts.

Nevertheless, only a minority of Ohio legislators and other state officials have
supported those positions, and even fewer have been willing to work on
implementing them. By taking a strong leadership role in such efforts, Connie
Pillich has shown the character to deserve statewide office. JOSEPH C. SOMMER,
COLUMBUS

Speak up

Makers of the about-to-be-marketed powdered alcohol are trying to downplay its
potential misuse by children who may attempt to snort it to get high, saying how
painfully hard it would be to do so. As a former elementary principal, I can
tell you that they are underestimating the willpower of preteens. I once had to
discipline sixth-graders for emulating drug use on the school bus by snorting
tubes of sugar filled Pixie Stix candy. Palcohol will become an enormous
problem.

Evil entities like ISIS have existed for a long time and will continue to exist
in some fashion. The media keeps giving ISIS the attention they seek with their
atrocities via endless repetition for ratings and the politicians keep selfishly
promoting ISIS via fear-mongering for votes. It is our own who are most
responsible for making us feel "terrorized" here at home.

The positive objective results such as more people insured,

lower premium increases, lower uninsured rates and increased investment and
hiring among insurers and hospitals to create jobs and boost the economy do NOT
comprise a "mixed bag." Instead, they are the successful intended results from
the Affordable Care Act. This law is helping millions and reforming our ailing
health care system in many positive ways.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 June 19, 2016

It happened in Vegas: how Billy Walters saw a hot hand go cold

BYLINE: Neil Weinberg, Patricia Hurtado and Eben Novy-Williams

LENGTH: 1474 words



HIGHLIGHT: Alleged stock tips came as gambler's business was faltering; how a
Las Vegas real estate fortune dried up


South-east of the Las Vegas Strip, on the deserted fairways of Stallion Mountain
Golf Club, the signs were everywhere: Billy Walters was running out of luck.

For three decades, Walters, often considered the most successful sports gambler
in the country, had fed on the heady exuberance of Sin City. Nowhere else was
the boom wilder, the consumption more conspicuous. By the early 2000s, he'd
built a business empire with interests ranging from gambling to real estate,
from golf courses to car dealerships. Like Vegas itself, he was headed for a
fall.

Today, with Walters at the centre of an insider-trading saga involving the golf
champion Phil Mickelson, the story of how those businesses came together - and,
at times, came apart - sketch out a crucial back story: Walters, king of the
high-rollers, had seen his hot hand go cold.

Like many Nevadans, Walters was hit hard when the bottom fell out of Vegas in
the mid-2000s. Documents filed in connection with several lawsuits over the past
decade chronicle how the financial pressures were mounting at around the time he
embarked on what authorities say was a scheme in which illegal stock tips helped
him generate $43 million in profits and avoided losses.

Mickelson was not accused of wrongdoing. Walters has categorically denied
wrongdoing, except in a 1982 case in Kentucky in which he pleaded guilty to a
bookmaking-related charge and paid a $2,000 fine.

"Mr Walters and his counsel look forward to his day in court, where it will be
shown that the prosecutors' accusations are based on erroneous assumptions,
speculative theories and false finger-pointing," Walters' attorney, Barry Berke,
said in response to the insider trading charges.

The third figure in the case, Thomas Davis, the former chairman of Dean Foods,
has agreed to plead guilty and cooperate in the case against Walters.

Wall Street has become captivated by the Walters case, with its mix of golf,
gambling and suspicious stock trading. But at heart, the Walters story is a tale
of Las Vegas, that sprung-from-the-desert metropolis of high hopes and broken
dreams.

Walters first made his name and fortune by bringing a Wall Street-style approach
to sports betting.

But over the years, even as Walters assembled a business empire that stretched
from Kentucky to California, he was laying big bets on Las Vegas real estate,
court records show.

As golf's popularity exploded in the 1990s, he also spent millions on courses
such as Stallion Mountain Golf Club.

By the mid-2000s, commercial real estate, housing and golf looked like a
trifecta of disaster in Las Vegas. At the low point, about 70 per cent of Vegas
homeowners were underwater on their mortgages.

Compounding Walters' problems, his gambling margins were tightening as other
gamblers adopted his computer-driven ways and reduced his advantage, said David
Malinsky, who worked for Walters off and on for two decades.

Courses for sale

As the troubles on Wall Street began to spread, Walters circled his wagons. He
sold Stallion Mountain, one of his four Vegas golf courses. To help the deal go
through, Walters personally guaranteed the loan for the buyer. When the buyer
defaulted and the bank that issued the loan went under, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation pursued Walters to repay $15.25 million, court filings
show.

The course ended up closing for three years. That was in 2008, the year
authorities say the insider trading began. By mid-2014, Walters would also sell
Desert Pines Golf Club, whose greens are fashioned after Augusta National.

Las Vegas, where Walters made his fortune

In a 2012 court appearance over Stallion Mountain, Dennis Kennedy, a lawyer for
Walters, laid out the situation. "In 2006, and this is no secret to anybody, the
economy starts to weaken, the boom is done and things are starting to go
downhill," Kennedy said. "The good times are starting to come to an end."

Although Walters' wealth has been estimated in the hundreds of millions of
dollars, in the midst of the financial crisis, he testified that he couldn't put
a figure on his net worth because a "substantial portion" was in real estate.

"I'm not trying to be coy here, but I don't know if anybody can do that today
who owns real estate," he testified in October 2009. "If you own some, you've
got to be able to sell it."

The implication was clear: With prices still falling, and with the foreclosure
crisis sweeping Las Vegas, few people were willing to gamble on real estate.
Golf had become a loser, too. In the post-Lehman years, hundreds of courses
closed nationwide.

In a separate lawsuit, in 2010, Walters stated in a complaint that another of
his courses, Bali Hai Golf Club, had fallen short of expectations because of the
economic troubles. The club was left with $49 million in "un-recouped costs," he
said.

'Mythical Figure'

Walters has a long history of beating the odds. By now the outlines of his early
life are well known: born in Kentucky, the son of a professional gambler and a
teenage mother, Walters began shooting nine-ball pool at age four and by age
ten, had progressed to gambling.

After being arrested for illegal sports gambling in his 20s, he struck out for
Vegas - "someplace where it [gambling] was legal and I could be a respected
member of the community," he told the author Richard Munchkin in Gambling
Wizards: Conversations With the World's Greatest Gamblers.

"That place was Las Vegas; Las Vegas is the Wall Street of gambling."

Munchkin says now: "Walters is the only person I know who started out a
degenerate gambler and became a successful one. He's a mythical figure in Las
Vegas."

By his own admission, as he told Munchkin, Walters' early forays into
high-stakes gambling mostly enriched the casinos, partly because he drank
heavily.

His big break came at the Computer Group, founded around 1980 by a young
Westinghouse computer scientist named Michael Kent. Kent had developed a
programme to calculate his weekend softball team's odds of winning and later
applied it to handicapping college sports.

Gamblers Inc

Kent teamed up with Ivan Mindlin, a local doctor with a gambling habit, and
brought in Walters to lay bets. In a 2015 interview, Mindlin said the operation
brought in "hundreds of millions of dollars". It also attracted federal wire
taps and police raids in 1985.

"After five years of creaming the casinos, we had our doors busted down by the
FBI," Mindlin said in the 2015 interview. He did not respond to a call last week
seeking comment.

The episode led to indictments against Walters, his wife and 17 others for
conspiracy and interstate gambling-related offences. They went to trial and were
acquitted. Billy Walters was later indicted by Nevada officials three times for
the same offenses, which included money laundering. Those charges were
ultimately dismissed.

Attempts to reach Susan Walters weren't successful. Messages left at a company
she founded with her husband and with Richard Wright, a Las Vegas lawyer who
represented the couple after they were charged, weren't returned.

Over the years, Billy Walters became a gambling legend by employing a network of
handicappers and analysts whom he took pains to keep anonymous - including from
one another - so that he alone could call the shots, he told "60 Minutes" in a
2011 profile of him. He was everywhere and nowhere.

"This was Henry Ford with his manufacturing line," Malinsky says. "Your job is
to install the spark plugs, install them as well as you can. You get paid very
well, and that's pretty much that."

New charges

Beating the house is one thing. Beating federal authorities is another. In an
era when insider trading has become notoriously difficult to prosecute, the
latest charges against Walters are relatively simple.

According to authorities, for six years beginning in 2008, he traded giant
blocks of the same company, Dean Foods. On some days, Davis's buying and selling
accounted for as much as 37 per cent of the stock's trading volume. Big,
lucrative trades occurred right around the time that high-profile deals were
shining a spotlight on the shares.

Walters allegedly received his tips directly from Dean Foods insider Davis, whom
the government says received substantial financial benefits in return.

The timing of the trades was a red flag to the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, according to a person familiar with the matter. Finra alerted
prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission, the person said, both of
which filed charges against Walters and Davis, the Dean Foods chairman.

"Las Vegas betting is a very different game from playing the stock market," said
Brad Simon, a former federal prosecutor in private practice. He added: "Career
insider traders traditionally know better than to make these kinds of
purchases."

By Neil Weinberg, Patricia Hurtado and Eben Novy-Williams of Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 31, 2007 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

BENN GRABS ATTENTION;
ILLINOIS: RECEIVER HAS MADE IMMEDIATE IMPACT.

BYLINE: By Doug Padilla Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 693 words


CARSON - Illinois' Arrelious Benn cannot help but draw attention.

The Big Ten's Freshman of the Year was the focus of the opposing team's
secondary each week and yet he still came away with an Illinois freshman record
596 yards receiving.

As a star wide receiver at Washington's Dunbar High School, Benn's talents
attracted attention from USC, Florida State, Notre Dame and Maryland. He chose
an unlikely destination in Illinois instead, a team with just two victories in
each of the previous two seasons.

And it was that decision to attend Illinois that brought out the microscopes as
well, not to mention the probing eyes of the New York Times. In a story last
February, the newspaper raised questions of recruiting improprieties, with the
signing of Benn at the center of it all.

Former Michigan State coach John L. Smith seemed to imply wrongdoing in the
story, saying, ``Where there's smoke, there's probably fire.''

The school launched an internal investigation, claimed it spent thousands of
dollars and cleared itself of any wrongdoing. The NCAA has yet to show any
interest.

So then, how does a USA Today first-team All-American, a Parade Magazine
All-American and the D.C. Gatorade Player of the Year wind up at a college
football also-ran to catch passes from a quarterback who completed less than
40percent of his throws the previous year?

``I basically chose Illinois because I wanted to be a part of a rebuilding
process, going somewhere and helping a program,'' Benn said. ``That's the
process I wanted. It was a chance for me to be with a young team and just build
on it. That was a big thing for me.

``It was very hard as far as me (not) being around the players I thought I
should be around. But it wasn't that big of a deal. I looked at Illinois a lot
and they were only a couple of players away from where they needed to be. Now
we're here.''

There are scores of downtrodden football programs around the country Benn could
have helped resurrect, but Illinois made sense. Illinois offensive coordinator
Mike Locksley has D.C. ties, having recruited the area for six years as an
assistant at Maryland. He also attended Towson University, Maryland's
second-largest school.

And one year before Benn arrived, his former Dunbar teammate, defensive back
Vontae Davis, signed with the Illini and played right away, earning first-team
Freshman All-America honors from The Sporting News.

Getting Benn to Illinois wasn't as unlikely as people like Smith made it seem.

``I think we're about people,'' Illinois coach Ron Zook said when asked how he
sold Benn on the program. ``No matter where you go, there is going to be tough
days. No matter where you go, there's going to be problems.

``I think obviously with Arrelious, we had Vontae Davis here who was having a
great freshman year and now sophomore year as well. They're close. I think
sometimes when you have a guy they are good friends with, they will rely on what
those guys say more than what the coaches say.''

Had Benn been healthy, perhaps the Illini could have been better than its 9-3
record.

Benn suffered a separated shoulder in an upset victory over then-No. 5
Wisconsin. The Illini ended up losing its next two games, scoring just 23
combined points in the process.

``Arrelious is a competitor,'' Zook said. ``I get on him about falling down to
catch balls, but that's him. He's competitive and he only knows one way, and
that's to be the best he can be. He does a nice job with that.''

His talents are so cherished that Zook is even toying with the idea of letting
Benn return punts in the Rose Bowl. He has yet to return a punt all season.

With Benn's talents, catching punts should be no problem. If he could withstand
the relentless teasing of his teammates, Benn can handle anything. The
upperclassmen have been labeling freshmen like Benn a little spoiled since the
youngsters didn't know what it was like to struggle.

``They are giving me a lot of grief,'' Benn said. ``They tell me that I don't
know what it's like to get there. They tell me I don't know what they've been
through. But it's just a blessing, man, to be here and be a part of it and give
back to those guys.''

doug.padilla@sgvn.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

No wrongdoing found in license probe

BYLINE: By Elizabeth Neff The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 701 words


State and federal authorities investigating whether fake Mexican driver licenses
had been improperly validated by the Mexican Consulate say they found no
evidence of wrongdoing.

An August 2005 Salt Lake Tribune story detailed a June 2003 letter sent to the
consulate by state Driver License Division Deputy Director G. Barton Blackstock.
The letter said some individuals applying for Utah driver licenses had admitted
to presenting fake Mexican driver licenses, but later returned with consulate
letters stating they were valid.

Blackstock called on Mexican officials to investigate Salvador Perez, the staff
member at the consulate's Salt Lake City office who had been in charge of
license verification.

Col. Claron Brenchley, director of regulatory services for Utah's Department of
Public Safety, said Thursday that his detectives started "looking into" Perez
after Tribune reporter Jennifer Sanchez contacted DPS last year for comment
about the matter prior to publication of the story. The driver license division
is part of DPS.

Detectives worked with U.S. State Department Special Agent Ed Roth in the fall
but found no evidence of wrongdoing, Brenchley said.

"We maintained records of some of the documentation . . . but there wasn't
enough kept or it wasn't clear-cut enough that there was a violation they could
pursue," he said.

A written statement issued by the U.S. State Department said its diplomatic
security division worked with federal prosecutors in reviewing the matter.

"At this point, there is insufficient evidence available to support a federal
criminal indictment," said the statement. "The State Department's relationship
with the state police has been very successful and the State Department office
in Denver remains eager to continue the investigation of this and other
matters."

The consulate ceased verifying Mexican driver licenses for Utah's Driver License
Division in October, according to Consul of Protection Arturo Chavarria. Mexican
Consul Salvador Jimenez said Friday it benefits Mexican nationals to go through
the full process in place at the Driver License Division.

The consulate had few resources to process a heavy volume of driver license
validation requests - between five and nine each day, said Chavarria. A lengthy
verification process left some Mexican nationals waiting for months, he said.

Perez left the consulate in December of 2005, said Chavarria. Jimenez declined
to comment on why Perez left, saying he could not discuss internal affairs.

Last month, Perez filed a lawsuit claiming The Tribune defamed him and that he
was fired because of the August 2005 story. The complaint, filed in 3rd District
Court May 24, alleges former consulate employee Gina Bellazetin and Sanchez, the
reporter who wrote the story, conspired to spread false allegations about Perez
in print.

Attorney Maria Santana, who represents Perez, said a secret informant called the
State Department making allegations about Perez around the same time Sanchez
contacted DPS.

"Somebody called them, who I believe was a troublemaker trying to make an
investigation," Santana said. "They looked into it and found it was unfounded.
There really was no real investigation."

The Perez lawsuit is the latest chapter of a court battle between Bellazetin and
Perez. It began in 2004, when Bellazetin accused Perez and other consulate
employees of making slanderous statements that led her to lose her job,
according to court papers.

Perez then filed his own lawsuit naming Bellazetin, Sanchez, and The Tribune,
claiming Sanchez spoke with a state DPS official to begin an investigation into
him and then misquoted the official. Bellazetin had previously accused Perez of
falsifying identification forms and had sought to get him fired from the
consulate, but an internal review by Mexico determined there was no merit to the
accusations, according to the Perez lawsuit.

The Perez lawsuit seeks millions in damages for defamation, intentional
interference with economic relations, and civil conspiracy. It also asks for
punitive damages.

Sanchez referred questions related to the lawsuit to her editors and attorney.
Tribune Editor Nancy Conway denied the allegations Friday, but otherwise
declined comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 23, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN DENIES RUMORS THAT CASEY MAY QUIT

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 22


President Reagan and William J. Casey, the Director of Central Intelligence,
denied today that Mr. Casey planned to resign in the light of criticism of his
past business dealings.

As he left a Capitol Hill reception, Mr. Reagan was asked about rumors that Mr.
Casey was about to quit. The President paused, shook his head and mouthed a
''No.'' Then he entered his limousine for the return trip to the White House.

Mr. Casey, according to CBS News, told at least one unidentified Senator today
that he did not plan to resign.  The staff of the Senate Intelligence Committee
has begun a review of Mr. Casey's past business dealings after disclosure of two
court rulings critical of his role as a director of Multiponics Inc., a defunct
New Orleans farming venture.

Casey Has Denied Wrongdoing

Mr. Casey, 68 years old, has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing in his business
dealings, arguing that the lawsuits that have plagued his investment career were
the kind of difficulties any active businessman could expect.

One senator, who asked not to be identified, said today that ''there was a mad
rush to embrace Casey'' last January that prevented a thorough review of his
past.

''Committee members are anxious to do now what they didn't do before,'' he said.
And Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, a member of the Intelligence
Committee, said: ''The committee assumed that someone at that level is subjected
to an extraordinary and demanding background check. That was certainly the case
during the Carter and Ford Administrations.''

May Ruling on Multiponics

A Federal District judge in Manhattan ruled in May that Mr. Casey and other
Multiponics directors had knowingly misled potential investors by failing to
inform them that about 68 percent of the money being raised was to repay loans
to Multiponics officers and directors.

Attorney General William French Smith has pledged cooperation with the Senate
panel, and three staff investigators began going through the department's
background material on Mr. Casey today. A committee source said the department
had provided ''access to the bulk of material needed.''

Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, vice chairman of the
committee, said the formal request had been sent to the department after
committee staff members tried unsuccessfully for several days to get the White
House and Justice Department to release the files.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             August 8, 2003 Friday

Court report

LENGTH: 441 words


Court report

Tenet to pay $54 million in superfluous-surgery probe

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  Tenet HealthCare  (Santa Barbara,
California) will pay $54 million in what the U.S. government is calling the
largest-ever settlement involving allegations of unnecessary surgeries, stemming
from an investigation at a Tenet hospital in Northern California.

Tenet said it would pay $51.35 million to the federal government and $2.65
million to the state of California under the deal, which will not include any
admission of wrongdoing by Tenet, its subsidiaries or Redding Medical Center
(Redding, California), the Tenet hospital accused of wrongdoing.

In an affidavit issued last October as part of a criminal and civil
investigation, the U.S. Department of Justice said Chae Hyun Moon, MD, director
of cardiology, and Fidel Realyvasquez, MD, chairman of the center's cardiac
surgery program, had performed unnecessary catheterizations, angioplasties and
open-heart surgeries. No charges have been filed against either doctor at this
time.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said the $54 million covers procedures performed only
on Medicare, Medicaid and Tricare programs under the settlement with the No. 2
U.S. hospital operator.

Prior to Wednesday's news, some had predicted that Tenet would pay huge sums -
as much as $6 billion - for aggressively billing Medicare for risky procedures
at Redding and other hospitals. But the $54 million payment will effectively end
Tenet's own exposure to government fines at Redding and shift the burden to
individual doctors or practices who helped carry out the alleged "medical
necessity fraud" scheme.

While the fines were stiff, Tenet's settlement still pales in comparison with
the $1.7 billion that HCA (Nashville, Tennessee) paid in civil and criminal
penalties over a Medicare fraud investigation that started in 1997 and ended in
2003.

"We made a strategic business decision to negotiate a reasonable settlement in a
spirit of cooperation in order to put this matter behind us," said Trevor
Fetter, Tenet's president and acting chief executive officer, in a statement.

The settlement does not cover lawsuits filed by individuals against Tenet and
Redding Medical Center, a Tenet spokesman told Reuters.

Aside from the unneeded surgery issue, Tenet also is confronting a number of
regulatory problems, among them investigations stemming from how it billed
Medicare for treating the sickest patients, while its Alvarado Hospital Medical
Center, a hospital in the San Diego area, is facing an indictment over physician
recruiting violations.

Tenet shares have fallen 73.5% since Oct. 25.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 20, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Landlord Denies Wrongdoing In Disappearance of Tenants

BYLINE: By JANE H. LII

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 688 words


The lower Manhattan landlord who is the focus of a police investigation into the
disappearance of two of his tenants denied any wrongdoing yesterday and said he
did not know the whereabouts of the tenants, Michael Sullivan and Camden Sylvia.

"I don't know where they are," Robert Rodriguez said yesterday in his first
extensive interview about the case. "I really don't."

Sitting in his tiny office inside his locksmith shop on the ground floor of an
apartment building at 76 Pearl Street, the five-story building where Mr.
Sullivan and Ms. Sylvia also lived, Mr. Rodriguez said he did not understand why
the couple disappeared without a trace.

"I wish that they'd show up tomorrow so this whole thing will be over with," he
said, shaking his head emphatically. "This has been very difficult for
everybody, including me."

Mr. Sullivan, 54, an actor and admission clerk at an art gallery, and Ms.
Sylvia, 37, who worked in a real estate agency, were last seen on Nov. 7.
Neighbors said they had quarreled with Mr. Rodriguez over the lack of heat in
their fifth-floor loft on the day of their disappearance, threatening to
withhold their $300-a-month rent. The couple were last seen renting "Addicted to
Love" from a video store near City Hall.

Things took a bizarre turn after their disappearance made news a week later. On
Nov. 15, Mr. Rodriguez vanished from his upstate Orange County home, telling his
family that he was going to Manhattan to answer questions from detectives. The
police later found his Honda Passport in a lot on West 22d Street near the
Avenue of the Americas. Mr. Rodriguez resurfaced two weeks later but has refused
to be questioned by the police.

Because there is no evidence of foul play, Mr. Rodriguez is not officially a
suspect, and the Manhattan District Attorney's office has refused to sign off on
a search warrant that would allow them to search his home. But the police have
reopened the missing-persons case of a former employee of Mr. Rodriguez, David
King, who disappeared in 1991.

Yesterday, Mr. Rodriguez would not answer questions about his own disappearance
or that of Mr. King.

He did discuss the status of the missing couple's apartment. Since early
December, a neighbor, Sara Delaney, and Ms. Sylvia's mother, Laurie Sylvia, have
tried to pay rent on the missing couple's behalf. But a lawyer for Mr.
Rodriguez, Joseph Marro, said he had rejected the payments on Mr. Rodriguez's
behalf because the two women's names were not on the lease.

Mr. Rodriguez said yesterday that he did not plan to begin eviction proceedings
against the couple.

"My lawyers and I are not thinking of doing something like that," he said. "We
have no plans to dispossess them. We will keep the place for them."

And when asked if he had anything to do with the disappearance of Mr. Sullivan
and Ms. Sylvia, Mr. Rodriguez again shook his head: "Of course not," he said.

The building's tenants' association released a letter yesterday dated Oct. 23 in
which Michael Sullivan complained about a lack of heat to Mr. Rodriguez.

"As a landlord you continue to disregard the laws regulating heat although you
know very well what they are," the letter said. "You leave us no alternative but
to seek enforcement from the New York City Heat Complaint Bureau and the New
York City Loft Board.

"Please do not try to make excuses," the letter continued.

Yesterday, neighbors strung holiday lights along the fire escape of the missing
couple's loft to remember them. They also fastened yellow ribbons on the fire
escapes below.

Adding to the mystery, Mrs. Delaney said somebody had apparently changed the
outgoing greetings on Mr. Sullivan and Ms. Sylvia's answering machine shortly
after the couple disappeared.

"It used to have the voices of the two of them, sounding very lovey-dovey," Mrs.
Delaney said. But she said on Monday, Nov. 10, when she entered the apartment to
check on the couple, she found the message had been changed back to an old
greeting with just Mr. Sullivan's voice and that all the messages on the
machine's tape were recorded on or after Saturday, November 7.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The landlord who is the focus of a police inquiry into the Nov.
7 disappearance of two of his tenants denied any wrongdoing yesterday. Last
night, friends and neighbors of the couple held a candlelight vigil. (Frances
Roberts for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Simonaire to reintroduce Taxpayer's Protection Act

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG abourg@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.9

LENGTH: 842  words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Political Notes is a weekly compilation of political news items.

---

A Pasadena senator said he will reintroduce legislation to make elected
officials pay legal defense costs and associated court fees if they are found
guilty of wrongdoing.

Sen. Bryan Simonaire introduced the Taxpayer's Protection Act last year, but it
died after a 5-5 committee vote in the Senate Judicial Proceeding Committee.

Under the Local Government Tort Claims Act, elected officials are protected from
paying legal costs if their actions fell within the scope of their job.

Simonaire's proposal would make officials pay if they were found to have
"knowingly or recklessly" violated local, state or federal law, he said.

"It is important to realize that the innocent are still protected under this
legislation and only the guilty will pay," Simonaire said in a news release.

He announced the reintroduction of the legislation after The Capital reported
that a federal case filed by a former county spokeswoman could cost taxpayers as
much as $350,000.

The senator originally introduced his measure last year after learning former
County Executive John R. Leopold had private attorneys representing him in a
federal civil case filed by his former spokeswoman, Karla Hamner.

After pressure from Simonaire and others, Leopold said he would pay for his
legal fees if found guilty of wrongdoing. But he also said he wouldn't pay for
any settlements reached without his consent.

Leopold was dropped as a defendant in the wrongful termination case earlier this
year. The county settled the case for $110,000 last month, and Hamner's attorney
is also seeking more than $173,000 in legal fees.

The county also paid more than $65,000 for Leopold's lawyers.

Community priorities

Delegates and senators from Anne Arundel County will hold a hearing next month
with community groups to discuss legislative priorities.

Each group will be given five minutes to make their presentation. Preference
will be given to organizations with specific needs.

The hearing will be from 7 to 10 p.m. Nov. 19 in the Joint Committee Hearing
Room of the Legislative Services Building, 90 State Circle in Annapolis. To sign
up, contact delegation administrator Kathy O'Donovan at aacd@mlis.state.md.us or
410-841-3402. Registration deadline is Nov. 12.

Brown names leaders

Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown last week named three Anne Arundel County residents to
lead grassroots support in the county for his gubernatorial campaign.

Annapolis Alderwoman Sheila Finlayson, Mike Miller and Tim O'Malley Jr. were
named campaign co-chairs. Brown named campaign chairmen and women in all 23
counties and Baltimore City.

Brown and his running mate, Howard County Executive Ken Ulman, chose community
leaders, small business owners and state, county and local elected officials to
organize support in the jurisdictions.

Brown will face at least Maryland Attorney General Doug Gansler and Del. Heather
Mizeur, D-Montgomery, in June's Democratic primary election. He's attempting to
become the state's first African-American governor.

Friday Democrats

Betsy Dawson, executive director of the Anne Arundel County Ethics Commission,
will speak at Friday's meeting of the Almost 7:30 Friday Morning Democratic
Breakfast Club.

The meeting will be from 7:30 to 8:45 a.m. at the Eastport Democratic Club, 525
State St. in Annapolis. Cost is $7 for continental breakfast.

Cohen fundraiser

House Speaker Michael Busch, D-Annapolis, and Sen. John Astle, D-Annapolis, will
speak at a fundraiser for Mayor Josh Cohen on Tuesday.

The fundraiser will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. at the law firm of Hyatt and Weber,
200 Westgate Circle, fifth floor, in Annapolis. For details or to RSVP, call
Ashley Heffernan at 410-266-6380.

Meagan Simonaire

The daughter of Sen. Bryan Simonaire, R-Pasadena, will formally announce her
plans for next year's elections at a fundraiser Tuesday.

Meagan Simonaire's fundraiser, with a "Fresh Ideas" theme, will be held at 7
p.m. at 441 Shady Lane in Pasadena. Cost is $50 per ticket.

RSVPs should be sent to meagan@megsimonaire.com or call 410-437-2130.

Donations can be made to Friends of Meagan Simonaire and sent to the address of
the event. For more information, visit www.megsimonaire.com.

District 30 Dems

The District 30 Democratic Club will hold a phone bank and other campaign
activities at its Wednesday meeting.

The meeting will be held from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the West End Grill, 2049 West
St. in Annapolis.

Doors open at 6 p.m. Arrive early if you would like to order dinner. The last
dinner order will be taken at 6:45 p.m. to avoid disruptions during the meeting.

Elephant Club

The Elephant Club will hold an open mic night at its Pizza and Politics meeting
Thursday. The meeting will be held from 7 to 8:30 p.m. A $5 fee covers the cost
of pizza and sodas.

The club will hold another open mic forum at its Oct. 24 breakfast meeting. The
meeting will be held from 7:30 to 8:30 a.m. A $4 fee covers the cost of coffee,
bagels and doughnuts.

The meetings are held at Our Shepherd Lutheran Church, 400 Benfield Road in
Severna Park.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: A Pasadena senator said he will reintroduce legislation to make elected
officials pay legal defense costs and associated court fees if they are found
guilty of wrongdoing.

GRAPHIC: State Sen. Bryan Simonaire, R-Pasadena.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

Court Report: St. Jude shareholders sue for alleged kickbacks scheme

LENGTH: 408 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) shareholders have filed a derivative
lawsuit against the company, its management and board of directors over a pair
of federal cases alleging a long-running kickbacks scheme.

The follow-on suit, brought by the Louisiana Municipal Police Employees'
Retirement System in the U.S. District Court for Minnesota, seeks to "prevent
corporate insiders from shifting all responsibility for the company's misconduct
onto the backs of the innocent public shareholder, while they themselves walk
away while paying nothing, and even voting themselves increased salaries and
benefits," according to court documents. The case stems from a pair of federal
disputes against St. Jude.

The first, which the company settled for $3.7 million earlier this year without
admitting any wrongdoing, accused the device maker of providing illegal rebates
to a pair of hospitals in Ohio and Kentucky (Medical Device Daily, June 7,
2010). The second, which is still pending, alleges that the company's corporate
accounts division offered special deals to hospitals that purchased minimum
amounts of St. Jude products, according to court documents.

The derivative lawsuit "seeks redress against those officers, directors and
others personally responsible for causing harm to the company, and also seeks an
injunction barring St. Jude's fiduciaries from failing to enforce professional
disciplinary policies against executives who directed or acquiesced in any type
of unlawful act . . . St. Jude's corporate compliance department, office of the
general counsel, and compliance hotline had multiple opportunities to address
the serious wrongdoing alleged, yet no one at St. Jude, including the company's
officers or the board of directors took any action to either investigate, or
stop the conduct alleged. The fact that St. Jude's management refused to even
investigate the wrongdoing strongly suggests that not only did the company's
management have knowledge of the schemes, but that they in fact ratified the
underlying conduct," court documents state.

The lawsuit names Daniel Starks, president/CEO and chairman of the company; Paul
Bae, former VP of human resources, compliance officer and general counsel;
presiding director John Brown; directors Richard Devenuti, Stuart Essig, Thomas
Garrett III, Barbara Hill, Michael Rocca and Wendy Yarno; and former directors
Stefan Widensohler and Frank Yin.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

Court Report: St. Jude shareholders sue for alleged kickbacks scheme

LENGTH: 408 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) shareholders have filed a derivative
lawsuit against the company, its management and board of directors over a pair
of federal cases alleging a long-running kickbacks scheme.

The follow-on suit, brought by the Louisiana Municipal Police Employees'
Retirement System in the U.S. District Court for Minnesota, seeks to "prevent
corporate insiders from shifting all responsibility for the company's misconduct
onto the backs of the innocent public shareholder, while they themselves walk
away while paying nothing, and even voting themselves increased salaries and
benefits," according to court documents. The case stems from a pair of federal
disputes against St. Jude.

The first, which the company settled for $3.7 million earlier this year without
admitting any wrongdoing, accused the device maker of providing illegal rebates
to a pair of hospitals in Ohio and Kentucky (Medical Device Daily, June 7,
2010). The second, which is still pending, alleges that the company's corporate
accounts division offered special deals to hospitals that purchased minimum
amounts of St. Jude products, according to court documents.

The derivative lawsuit "seeks redress against those officers, directors and
others personally responsible for causing harm to the company, and also seeks an
injunction barring St. Jude's fiduciaries from failing to enforce professional
disciplinary policies against executives who directed or acquiesced in any type
of unlawful act . . . St. Jude's corporate compliance department, office of the
general counsel, and compliance hotline had multiple opportunities to address
the serious wrongdoing alleged, yet no one at St. Jude, including the company's
officers or the board of directors took any action to either investigate, or
stop the conduct alleged. The fact that St. Jude's management refused to even
investigate the wrongdoing strongly suggests that not only did the company's
management have knowledge of the schemes, but that they in fact ratified the
underlying conduct," court documents state.

The lawsuit names Daniel Starks, president/CEO and chairman of the company; Paul
Bae, former VP of human resources, compliance officer and general counsel;
presiding director John Brown; directors Richard Devenuti, Stuart Essig, Thomas
Garrett III, Barbara Hill, Michael Rocca and Wendy Yarno; and former directors
Stefan Widensohler and Frank Yin.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

Former Oklahoma medical examiner Trant free to push First Amendment claim in
federal termination case

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 374  words


Just before he was fired as Oklahoma's chief medical examiner in February of
last year, Dr. Collie Trant made statements about retaining counsel and
reporting to outside authorities alleged wrongdoing he had uncovered that he
claimed tainted a grand jury investigation.

Those remarks were outside of his official duties and, as such, have First
Amendment implications that should be considered in the lawsuit Trant filed
challenging his termination by the Oklahoma Board of Medicolegal Investigations,
the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals held Wednesday.

"Under the cited case law, decided years before the events in this case, we must
hold that the speech at issue triggered First Amendment protection and that
defendants should have known it did," the Denver-based court said.

When public employees make statements that relate to their official duties, the
Constitution does not protect their remarks from employer discipline, the court
said. It did not find that to be the case with Trant's comments about contacting
authorities with his claims of wrongdoing.

At the time Trant was fired, the Oklahoma attorney general was conducting an
investigation into allegations of sexual harassment by an employee of the
medical examiner's office. Trant contended that some employees had made
misleading accusations, resulting in the wrongful indictment of another worker.

"This court has repeatedly held that reporting or threatening to report
wrongdoing to outside authorities is not within the scope of official duties
where the employee is not tasked to do so by his employer nor required to do so
by independent legal obligation imposed as a function of his official position,"
the appellate judges said.

Given that conclusion, the court said an Oklahoma federal district judge erred
in dismissing Trant's First Amendment claim regarding his threat to go to
outside authorities with evidence of wrongdoing.

"Because the latter holding reinstates one of the federal claims underwriting
removal of the action to federal court, the district court's decision to remand
the case to state court has lost its legal premise and must be reversed as
well," the appeals court held. The court affirmed the lower court's dismissal of
due process claims raised by Trant.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 5, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Single Trial For 18 Named In Tax Shelters

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 517 words


A federal judge declined yesterday to grant separate trials for 18 people
charged in the sale of questionable tax shelters, affirming that they must stand
trial together this fall.

The judge, Lewis A. Kaplan, in United States District Court in Manhattan,
rejected motions by lawyers for some of the defendants to be tried separately in
California and Texas, where they worked for the accounting firm KPMG, or to have
their cases dismissed.

The judge's ruling is a blow to those defendants who live far from New York --
mostly lower-earning, lower-level tax partners -- who now face seven-figure
legal costs as they defend themselves in what prosecutors call the largest
criminal tax proceeding in history.

The case has an unusually large number of people to be tried together. The
defendants are 16 former employees of KPMG, including highly compensated top
executives, lower-level employees, an outside lawyer and an investment adviser.

They are accused of conspiring to create and sell illegitimate tax shelters
allowing hundreds of wealthy investors to evade at least $2.5 billion in taxes
from 1996 to 2002. Their lawyers say their clients acted legally and
appropriately.

In his ruling, Judge Kaplan also said that KPMG's settlement with federal
prosecutors last August over its creation and sale of certain aggressive tax
shelters was not inherently unfair to the defendants.

Under the terms of the settlement, KPMG narrowly avoided indictment by agreeing
to pay a $456 million fine, admitting criminal wrongdoing with certain tax
shelters and agreeing to cooperate with prosecutors in their continuing
investigation.

Part of that cooperation involves KPMG's waiving any claims of privilege
governing confidentiality of related internal documents -- meaning that it is
turning over evidence to prosecutors who are pursuing the people indicted.

KPMG must also hew to its statement regarding criminal wrongdoing by the firm
and by certain unnamed employees. As such, it must disavow statements from any
individuals, including those indicted, that contradict its admission of
wrongdoing. In addition, KPMG has stopped paying legal fees for the defendants,
a reversal of longstanding practice.

In the past, firms typically supported employees in legal trouble.

Stanley S. Arkin, a lawyer for one of the 18 defendants, Jeffrey Eischeid, who
had been a KPMG senior partner, argued that such terms created illegal and
unfair incentives for KPMG to turn against former employees. But the judge did
not agree.

He acknowledged that at KPMG, ''it is therefore possible that an individual on
its payroll might think twice before doing or saying anything that more senior
KPMG executives might regard as possibly displeasing to prosecutors.''

But he wrote that ''any attempt by KPMG to interfere with or retaliate for
testimony or voluntary cooperation with the defense by KPMG employees could
result in prosecution of any responsible individual and perhaps even the firm.''
The judge concluded that as a result, senior employees now had little incentive
not to tell the truth about those indicted.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            March 10, 2004 Wednesday

Daily briefing

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 434 words


STATE

Report finds no further wrongdoing by Boeing

CHICAGO -- Independent investigators commissioned by Boeing Co. during a defense
contract scandal said Tuesday they found no further wrongdoing but concluded
that the company often ignores its own ethics policies on hiring government
officials.

The examiners, led by former U.S. Sen. Warren Rudman, issued a report
recommending changes to address what they called gaps in Boeing's procedures and
more safeguards and oversight to prevent hirings such as that of Air Force
contracting official Darleen Druyun last year.

Druyun was fired in November along with Boeing chief financial officer Mike
Sears, who allegedly negotiated to hire her in 2002 at a time when she was a key
Pentagon official reviewing a proposal for a multibillion-dollar air
tanker-leasing contract between Boeing and the Air Force.

NATION

Judge orders insurer to pay ex-CEO's legal fees

NEW YORK -- A Manhattan judge has ruled that Tyco International's insurance firm
must pay legal fees for L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former chief executive officer
who is on trial for allegedly helping loot Tyco of $600 million.

State Supreme Court Justice Helen Freedman ruled that Federal Insurance Co.,
which provided liability insurance for Kozlowski and other Tyco officials, must
pay the costs of his state criminal trial as well as the federal actions pending
against him.

In February 2003, Kozlowski notified Federal of the civil and criminal cases
against him and demanded that the insurer pay his defense costs. Federal
responded by canceling the liability policies and returning Tyco's premiums.

Fake Internet report will cost Calif. man $25,000

WASHINGTON, D.C. -- A California man will pay $25,000 to settle allegations he
posted online a bogus news article that caused a sell-off in the stock of
Chinese Internet company Sina Corp.

The posting on Yahoo last October appeared to be a Reuters news story that
Goldman Sachs viewed Sina shares as overvalued.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said Nikolai Safavi sold short 1,000 Sina
shares at $42 a share on Oct. 24, essentially placing a bet that the price of
the stock would fall.

WORLD

Firm that created cloned Dolly clo

LONDON -- PPL Therapeutics PLC, the British biotechnology company that created
Dolly the cloned sheep, is on the verge of declaring itself bankrupt after a
last-ditch deal to take the company private fell through.

Dolly died in February 2003 and is on display at a Scottish museum. She was
euthanized at the age of 6, well short of her normal lifespan, after being
diagnosed with progressive lung disease.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Audit critical of Oklahoma County Sheriff John Whetsel

BYLINE: By Nolan Clay Staff Writer nclay@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1025 words


A special investigative audit of the Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office found
repeated examples of financial wrongdoing and actions taken without approval of
county commissioners.State Auditor Gary Jones released the 32-page report
Tuesday morning.The audit specifically criticizes Sheriff John Whetsel, saying
his decision not to pay the jail's medical bills for months in 2015 could cost
county property owners $3.3 million."It appears the sheriff chose not to pay the
Armor contract even though funds were available at the time payment was due,"
auditors wrote.Armor Correctional Health Services Inc., which is based in
Florida, provides medical care for inmates held at the county jail.The audit
points out that the sheriff has a constitutional duty to maintain the Oklahoma
County jail. "As such, expenses occurred and obligations toward this function
should take precedence in performance of the office," auditors wrote.The audit
also reveals Whetsel "received payment of $28,000 for a ... vehicle with 83,739
miles" three years after the sheriff bought it for $32,341.Whetsel bought the
2008 Dodge Charger in October 2007 to be his personal vehicle, using money from
his wife's trust. A reserve deputy, dentist Eli Jarjoura, bought the car in
December 2010, with a cashier's check to the trust, according to the audit. The
dentist then "donated" the car to the sheriff's office, according to the
audit.Whetsel, who was attending a convention in San Diego on Tuesday, had no
immediate comment.

He has denied wrongdoing before, describing himself as "an honest and dedicated
law enforcement officer.""The sheriff will issue a response once he and his
staff have the opportunity to meet and fully review the entire document," a
spokesman said.District Attorney David Prater requested the investigative audit
in March. He told Jones in a letter it "could result in criminal charges being
filed."Prater said Tuesday, "I've not seen the audit yet. When I receive a copy
from the auditor's office, I'll review it and determine the appropriate action
to take."County Commissioner Brian Maughan said he is confident Prater "will
proceed in the best interests of the taxpayers."Seeking re-electionWhetsel, a
Democrat, is seeking re-election Nov. 8 to a sixth term. In March, he said about
the audit request, "This is an election year, and the time when crazy political
attacks occur."His opponent, state Rep. Mike Christian, R-Oklahoma City, on
Tuesday called the findings "most disturbing.""I know during this intense
political cycle with attack ads and accusations, some may think this is good
news for our campaign," Christian said. "However, my priority has always been to
focus on what's best for the people of Oklahoma County. This is a black eye we
do not need. It truly saddens me."Armor Correctional Health Services Inc. filed
a breach of contract lawsuit last year over the unpaid bills. An Oklahoma County
judge in June awarded the company $3.3 million.The judgment - against county
commissioners - may have to be paid by hiking property taxes in Oklahoma County
for three years. The judgment is being appealed to the Oklahoma Supreme
Court.Whetsel said in June that the bills weren't paid because "of an unplanned
loss of revenue that fiscal year from the Department of Corrections." He also
said, "Everyone had plenty of notice and warning and requests to help."Auditors,
though, reported other county officials were not told that the Armor invoices
"were actually being held and not paid" until June 11, 2015.Auditors also
reported money should have been set aside to pay off the medical bills when the
contracts with Armor were awarded. Auditors found that did not happen, despite a
requirement under state law.Prater specifically asked Jones to determine whether
Whetsel and the sheriff's staff expended all sources of funding in a lawful
manner."All funds were not expended in a lawful manner," auditors concluded.
"Prior year expenses were paid with current year funds, expenses were not timely
encumbered, contract amounts were paid in question, and prior year obligations
remained unpaid."$900,000 for vehiclesAuditors pointed out, as an example,
almost $900,000 was spent on new vehicles in 2013 and 2014 "during a time that
other obligations of the sheriff's office were not being met."Auditors listed
six examples of transactions, totaling $1.3 million, that weren't paid until
funds became available the next fiscal year, in violation of the law.Whetsel
faced criticism during his 2012 campaign for letting Jarjoura be a reserve
deputy. Critics claimed the dentist bought access through campaign contributions
and donations of cars. Jarjoura filed a defamation lawsuit against Whetsel's
2012 Republican opponent and others. Jarjoura denied the accusations, saying he
is a well-respected dentist, father and husband who is active in his church and
community. A judge dismissed the lawsuit in 2014.Other findingsIn other
findings, auditors reported:â?¢ Incarceration fees charged released inmates are
collected by the sheriff's office, "which appears to be contrary to statute,"
rather than by the county court clerk.â?¢ A support group for sheriff employees
appears to be managed by county employees, on county time, using county
facilities in violation of constitutional prohibitions. Also, all activity
involving participation in the Fraternal Order of Police "should be conducted
outside of the authority of the sheriff's office."â?¢The sheriff's office
received more than $80,000 in donations in fiscal years 2014 and 2015. Those
donations should have been brought up with county commissioners for their
acceptance. Also, two vehicles donated by a reserve deputy in 2009 and 2010 were
not handled in a proper manner and were not approved by commissioners.â?¢ The
sheriff has approximately 135 reserve deputies and spent $263,855 to pay them
and fuel and repair their 37 assigned vehicles in fiscal year 2015.â?¢ The
sheriff let car clubs use a training facility in violation of a lease agreement
with the city of Oklahoma City and without county commissioners' approval. Such
use "could put the county in a position of liability."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 30, 2010 Thursday

Official put on leave in grant probe

BYLINE: David Steves, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Dec. 30--SALEM -- A state administrator was put on leave Thursday as part of
Gov. Ted Kulongski's response to a report on possible criminal wrongdoing
involving energy grant awards.

The state Department of Justice report to Kulongoski found no criminal
wrongdoing, but said Mark Long, director of the Energy Department at the time
the grant awards were made, refused to be interviewed. Long had since been
reassigned to the Department of Consumer and Business Services, which put him on
paid leave until a newly announced probe is completed.

Three others who worked at the Energy Department, Joan Fraser, Shelli Honeywell
and Paul Seesing, will remain on paid leave for that duration, too, the
governor's office said.

Although the criminal case is closed, it's possible that some or all of the
state employees placed on leave could be disciplined or terminated if it's
determined that they acted improperly in administering a grant program.
Kulongoski on Wednesday called for an independent review into the awarding of
grants.

The controversy resulted from allegations last summer that Energy Department
personnel tried to steer business to a company owned by Cylvia Hayes, the
girlfriend of Gov.-elect John Kitzhaber.

Both said publicly at the time that Hayes and her Bend-based company did nothing
wrong, and Hayes pointed out in a memo to news media that the investigation was
targeting state agency personnel, not her or her company.

Kulongoski is handing the matter over to an as-yet-unnamed outside inquiry with
just 12 days left before he leaves office and is replaced by Kitzhaber.

Kitzhaber's transition team spokeswoman, Amy Wojcicki, said in an e-mail that
"Governor-elect Kitzhaber supports the steps Governor Kulongoski has put in
place."

The Justice Department, headed by Attorney General John Kroger, wrote to
Kulongoski that it had concluded its four-month inquiry, which included
interviews with employees of the state Energy Department and two private
companies that received grant money for energy efficiency work, as well as the
reviewing of notes and documents pertaining to the grant award.

"We are currently of the opinion that we could not prove beyond a reasonable
doubt that any state employee committed Official Misconduct in the First or
Second degree while awarding the Energy Assurance Grant. We see no further need
to continue our criminal investigation," the Justice Department's chief counsel,
Sean Riddell, wrote.

To see more of the Register-Guard or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.registerguard.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Register-Guard, Eugene,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101230-EU-Official-put-on-leave-in-grant-probe-20101230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2010 The Register Guard


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Mayor, City Hall will push for punishing wrongdoing

BYLINE: Dan Gordon; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 670 words


The Reed Administration takes very seriously the allegations involving
contractors E.R. Mitchell Jr. and Charles P. Richards Jr., who have pleaded
guilty to attempting to bribe officials in order to win city business.

Since the allegations were brought to our attention, the City of Atlanta has
cooperated with the U.S. Department of Justice. We will continue to do so.

As an administration committed to the highest ethical standards, we have zero
tolerance for unlawful behavior. Anyone found guilty of wrongdoing in this
investigation should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Naturally, we are deeply disappointed that public employees may have taken
advantage of the procurement system. This kind of unethical behavior has broken
the public's trust, and the trust of Mayor Kasim Reed, who has never been
implicated in any wrongdoing.

The City of Atlanta has been absolutely forthright in its efforts to be as
helpful as possible regarding this investigation.

The release of more than 1.4 million pages of documents related to this case
demonstrates our firm belief in transparency.

Over the course of two decades in elected office, Kasim Reed has never wavered
in his support for sunshine laws and transparency. He will not do so now.

The documents the city released on February 9 hold the same information that was
provided to the U.S. DOJ, except for the redactions of personal information such
as social security numbers.

Those redactions required the city to release the documents on paper first --
the fastest way to get the information into public view while still protecting
the private data of innocent individuals.

Some in the media criticized the City for releasing so much paper at once.
Curiously, the same outlets had no complaint when we released two million pages
of documents in 2012 relating to concessions at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta
International Airport.

If the City had waited for the appropriate electronic version of these documents
to be prepared, the press would have criticized us for taking too long.

Ultimately, the City worked as quickly as possible to make 350,000 pages of
documents available electronically by Friday - about a week after the paper
release.

The truth takes time. We urge caution in the public rush to judgment, just as we
reject sensationalist impulses to tie Mayor Reed's administration to previous
City Hall scandals, as if all governments are one and the same.

Illegal activity is not tolerated in this administration. Whenever we have
learned of misconduct at Atlanta City Hall, we have dealt with it immediately
and decisively.

In January 2014, at the Mayor's request, the City of Atlanta's Law Department
opened an investigation into the Office of Buildings. The Law Department
investigated reports of behavior that violated the city's ethics code and
policies.

As a result of its findings, we separated from six employees who violated city
policy. In addition, the city implemented a new streamlined permitting process
to further strengthen operations and standard practices within the Office of
Buildings.

In this same fashion, we have learned lessons from the Mitchell/Richards
investigation and we will fully examine our procurement process.

While no bribe for any amount should be minimized in any way, it should not
detract from the work at hand and the progress at our back and on our horizon.

The City of Atlanta is experiencing historic growth. With an annual budget of $2
billion and 8,500 dedicated employees, Atlanta is in its strongest financial
condition in 40 years, due largely to the leadership of Mayor Reed and his
administration.

We have our highest credit rating in 50 years, with more than $153 million in
cash reserves, up from $7.4 million when Mayor Reed took office. Crime is down
27 percent over the same period.

In our final year in office, we will remain an administration dedicated to
transparency, to hard work and to positive results, the likes of which cannot be
disputed.

Dan Gordon is chief operating officer for the city of Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday

Robinho Is Quizzed By Detectives

BYLINE: Peter Leathley

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 205 words


BRITAIN'S most expensive footballer Robinho returned to training yesterday after
being quizzed by detectives over an alleged serious sexual assault.

The £32.5m Manchester City forward issued a statement denying any "wrongdoing or
criminality" after he was arrested by police investigating the alleged incident
in a Leeds nightclub earlier this month.

West Yorkshire Police began an investigation after a student claimed she had
been attacked at The Space club in the early hours of January 14.

The force said detectives arrested a man yesterday and he was later released on
bail.

A statement on the Brazil star's website said: "Robinho denies any allegation of
wrongdoing or criminality and is happy to co-operate with the police."

Robinho's spokesman Chris Nathaniel said: "We can confirm that Robinho met the
police today  as pre-arranged and as part of a criminal investigation.

"He strenuously denies any allegation of wrongdoing or criminality and is happy
to co-operate with the police if required further."

Robinho, 25, faced Newcastle United last night in a Premier League clash at the
City of Manchester Stadium.

Earlier this month the star left the team's training camp in Tenerife for
Brazil, citing an "important family matter".

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 13, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

2 auto dealers' tactics probed State examining loans, warranties Don Massey
Pontiac Buick GMC's owner vows action. Phil Long Ford is seeking an
investigation of leakers.

BYLINE: Greg Griffin Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 584 words


Colorado regulators on Thursday began investigating allegations of fraud and
deceptive sales tactics at two Denver car dealerships.

The probe of Don Massey Pontiac Buick GMC, 8120 W. Tufts Ave., and Phil Long
Ford, 4600 S. Wadsworth Blvd., was prompted by a 9News investigation that hasn't
yet aired.

The state plans to issue subpoenas to banks and credit unions that process loans
for Massey, looking for evidence that the dealership falsified car-buyers'
incomes to make the buyers eligible for bigger loans.

The state also will investigate allegations that both dealers deceived customers
by selling them items such as extended warranties and security products without
properly informing them.

The dealers said Thursday that they had not yet been contacted by regulators.

"We will investigate any allegation of wrongdoing at our dealerships," said R.
Carter Langston, spokesman for Sonic Automotive Inc., the Charlotte, N.C.-based
owner of Don Massey. "If such an investigation reveals credible evidence of
wrongdoing, we will take appropriate action."

Privately owned Phil Long said in a statement that it has filed a police report
regarding the leaking of confidential customer information to 9News, and it has
requested an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission.

"We are in the process of contacting 10 of our customers and alerting them to
this breach in security and looking at each transaction," the company said. "We
have reason to believe the files were taken to harm Phil Long Ford's
reputation."

Colorado regulators were alerted earlier this month by 9News to the allegations
from former salespeople and customers. 9News plans to broadcast the first day of
a multipart series at 10 p.m. Monday, producer Nicole Vap said.

The Colorado Motor Vehicle Dealer Board, which regulates the industry, voted 5-2
Thursday to launch its investigation.

"The allegations concern consumers signing contracts with insurance products and
vehicle warranties without their knowledge," said David Dechant, senior director
of enforcement for the Colorado Department of Revenue. "The second allegation
concerns misleading paperwork being forwarded by dealers to financial
institutions."

Auto dealers say they don't condone such practices, and many have put caps on
profits earned from extras such as life insurance and extended warranties.

Sonic restricts prices on finance products and caps interest rates, Langston
said.

"Our company's highest priority is the fair and ethical treatment of every
customer in every transaction. We believe that we have industry-leading policies
and controls designed to ensure outstanding customer satisfaction," he said.

Sonic, a public company and the nation's third-largest auto dealer, has been
accused of deceptive sales practices in the past.

Florida and North Carolina have investigated payment-packing and other
allegations against Sonic. The chain's flagship North Carolina dealership was
the subject of a critical investigative report on "Dateline NBC" in December
2003.

Sonic and other dealerships also have been hit with class-action lawsuits in a
number of states. Such a suit is expected to be filed in Colorado soon, said
Duane Overholt, a former Sonic finance manager and industry whistle-blower.

Colorado's quick response is unusual, Overholt said.

"They've taken affirmative action from the start. I've never seen that," he
said. "Most states hide it from the public so they can cut a deal."

Staff writer Greg Griffin can be reached at 303-820-1241 or
ggriffin@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 18, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Republicans Point Corporate-Abuse Finger at Democrats

BYLINE:  By ADAM NAGOURNEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, July 17


Republican state party leaders went on the offensive today against Democratic
attacks on corporate wrongdoing. Some asserted that the problems had begun under
President Bill Clinton, while others even promised to hold Democrats accountable
for the difficulties on Wall Street.

The party leaders spoke as they arrived here for a Republican National Committee
summer meeting, in which they will discuss strategy for trying to retake control
of the United States Senate in November. They are also facing potential losses
in several governor's races.

While some Republican leaders said they hoped that the issue of corporate abuses
would move off center stage before the campaign season becomes more intense,
others said they feared the party's political prospects would suffer if the
economy is on a downturn.

"If the market gets worse, if there's a sense that not much is being done, it
could be a problem," said Al Cardenas, the chairman of the Florida Republican
Party.

Many Republican leaders expressed frustration at what they said was the effort
by Democrats to blame their candidates for wrongdoing by corporate leaders. They
suggested that President Bush had at first been slow to respond to it. Some
Republicans, hinting at an aggressiveness in the campaign ahead, said the party
should set the problems at the feet of Democrats.
"Take a look at this realistically; when did this corporate abuse start?" said
Ronald Eibensteiner, the Minnesota Republican chairman. "It didn't start when
George Bush became president. If there ever was a decade of greed, it was the
1990's when Bill Clinton was president. There was this whole culture of, if you
can get by, that was O.K. And if you got caught, just stonewall. When the
president of the United States, Bill Clinton, did that, other people began to
think, 'Hey, we can do that.' "

Marty Ryall, the chairman of the Arkansas Republican Party, said Democrats were
just as reliant on support from errant corporations as Republicans.

"I don't think the public is going to buy into the idea that the Republicans
brought this on," Mr. Ryall said. "These accounting problems with Enron and the
other companies were going on for some time. It's not something that happened in
the last year. I think Democrats will try that, to say that Republicans were
more tied to corporate America than Democrats, but I think Republicans can make
a counter issue."
The remarks came at a decidedly uneasy time for the Republican Party. Its
leaders girded for what they said they expected to be a concerted attack by
Democrats, first in the halls of Congress and then in dozens of Congressional
and Senate races across the country. While many expressed confidence that they
could deflect such attacks, they acknowledged that was a potentially significant
concern in an election where their margin of error is small.

The Democrats currently control the Senate by one seat, and of the 36 governor's
seats being contested this year, 23 are held by Republicans. As a matter of
history, the party in power in the White House loses seats in mid-term
Congressional elections.

Accordingly, some party leaders said they would be satisfied if the Republicans
just held their own in November. "A break-even for us at the federal level would
be historic, though I'm not sure the press would report it that way," said Marty
Connors, the chairman of the Alabama Republican Party. Others, perhaps
reflecting the exuberance that tends to be found at these kind of partisan
gatherings, said they believed that the Republican Party would buck the trend,
in no small part because of the nation's approval of Mr. Bush's efforts to
counter terrorism.

"I know it's against the traditional tide to gain seats in the midyear of the
presidency, but I think we're in a position do to that," Mr. Ryall said. "It
depends on the confidence that the public has in the economy in the fall."

Other Republicans said the outcome in November depended as much as on how Mr.
Bush and Republicans in Congress handled the economic questions in coming weeks,
and how the Democrats played the subject.

"If the president can put his game plan on the table, as he's been doing, and if
a game plan is communicated properly to the public, and if the public thinks
it's the right game plan, and if the Congress does something about it, and the
markets start rebounding, than I think the public will be fine," Mr. Cardenas
said.

Mr. Connors added: "I don't think anybody who is walking around thinks this
started the day George Bush was sworn into office. This is a cumulative affect
that's happened over time."

John Dowd, the New Hampshire Republican chairman, said: "I don't think it's
President Bush's fault, and people would be hard-pressed to blame it on him. The
American people have already figured out that it has nothing to do, or very
little to do, with politics."

Nonetheless, Republican leaders here said they had been closely watching
Democratic attempts to portray the Republicans as close to business, and
opposing Congressional efforts to regulate accounting and corporate practices.

"They think they can make hay with it, but I don't think people are going to buy
that," Bob Kjellander, a national committee member from Illinois, said tonight.
"This is a bipartisan problem."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A worker, Rick Claymore, readied the press conference area
yesterday for the Republican National Committee summer meeting at the Fairmont
Hotel in San Francisco. The meeting runs through Saturday. (Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

New Justice Dept. policy aims to get tough on Wall St. fraud

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 418 words


The Justice Department issued a new policy Wednesday that made the prosecution
of Wall Street executives involved in financial fraud a major priority, all but
acknowledging nagging criticism that powerful corporate figures have escaped
criminal charges in favor of giant monetary penalties.

"Effective immediately, we have revised our policy guidance to require that if a
company wants any credit for cooperation, any credit at all, it must identify
all individuals involved in the wrongdoing, regardless of their position, status
or seniority in the company, and provide all relevant facts about their
misconduct," according to Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates' prepared remarks
for a Thursday speech at New York University Law School.

"It's all or nothing. No more picking and choosing what gets disclosed. No more
partial credit for cooperation that doesn't include information about
individuals," Yates said.

The New York Times first reported the  change Wednesday night.

Yates' prepared remarks elaborate on policy issued to federal prosecutors
Wednesday, calling for federal authorities not to provide individuals
"protection from criminal or civil liability," absent extraordinary
circumstances.

"The rules have just changed," Yates said. "Effective today, if a company wants
any consideration for its voluntary disclosure or cooperation, it must give up
the individuals, no matter where they sit within the company."

In the aftermath of the financial crisis and housing market collapse, Justice
has long been criticized for failing to target executives who presided over the
rampant fraud that facilitated the crises.

"Corporate matters cannot be resolved without clear plan to resolve cases
against individuals and all decisions declining to prosecute potential culpable
individuals must be approved by the U.S. attorney of the head of the division
handling the case," according to the new Justice guidelines.

Some of the changes, according to the memo distributed to all 93 U.S. attorneys'
offices across the country, "represent a departure from the department's
long-standing approach to corporate prosecutions."

"The policy will apply to all future investigations of corporate wrongdoing,"
the memo states.

Yates, in remarks to the NYU law school, said the "mission here is not to
recover the largest amount of money from the greatest number of corporations.
Our job is to seek accountability from those who break our laws and victimize
our citizens. It's the only way to truly deter corporate wrongdoing."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo MANDEL NGAN, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

$1B AT&T Internet tax suit settles: Missouri lawyers involved on both sides of
case

BYLINE: Kelly Wiese and Scott Lauck

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 419  words


A federal judge in Illinois signed off last week on a class action settlement
with AT&T Mobility that could mean customer refunds worth approximately $1
billion.

The multidistrict litigation, led by Kansas City-area firm Bartimus Frickleton
Robertson & Gorny and the Washington, D.C., Huge Law Firm, claimed AT&T charged
customers for taxes and fees on Internet access through their phones. The
plaintiffs claimed it was a violation of the federal Internet Tax Freedom Act.

On its website, Bartimus Frickleton said the settlement "may be the largest
class action case in history in terms of the number of consumers affected. "
According to court documents, it involves approximately 30 million AT&T
customers who were charged Internet taxes on bills issued from Nov. 1, 2005, to
Sept. 7, 2010.

AT&T Mobility denied any wrongdoing or violations of the law. But it agreed to
stop collecting the taxes and to seek refunds from approximately 2,000 taxing
entities across the country, which would be passed on to the customers.

Jim Frickleton, one of the lead plaintiff lawyers on the case, said AT&T's
agreement not to collect the taxes going forward has a value of another nearly
$2 billion.

He estimated $950 million to $1 billion in tax refunds can be collected, as some
local governments will deem the claims go beyond their statutes of limitations.
But he had no timetable for how soon customers could be seeing the money.

Frickleton said the firm began pursuing the litigation after reviewing its own
cellphone bills and finding that taxes were being charged for Internet access.

The plaintiffs' lawyers are to receive either 10 percent of the aggregate value
of the settlement or 25 percent of the tax refunds, whichever is less.

Roman Wuller of Thompson Coburn in St. Louis, a lead attorney for AT&T, referred
questions to a company spokesman.

"AT&T Mobility collected only those taxes that we believed we were required to
collect, and passed them along to state and local taxing authorities," spokesman
Marty Richter said in an emailed statement. "While we strongly deny any
wrongdoing, and no court has found that AT&T Mobility committed any wrongdoing,
we agreed to settle these cases to avoid the burden and cost of further
litigation. "

The suit consolidated 54 actions, including two originally filed in Missouri.
U.S. District Judge Amy J. St. Eve, of the Northern District of Illinois, gave
final approval to the deal Thursday.

The case is In re: AT&T Mobility Wireless Data Services Tax Litigation,
1:10-cv-2278.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Venice under investigation

BYLINE: DENNIS MAFFEZZOLI

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 433 words

DATELINE: VENICE


VENICE

PREP BASEBALL: County found no wrongdoing, but the FHSAA is doing a follow-up
probe

The Florida High School Athletic Association confirmed there it is conducting an
open investigation of the Venice High baseball team.

"The Venice baseball team is currently under investigation. So as per FHSAA
policies and procedures we cannot comment on this case until it is closed," a
spokesperson with the FHSAA sent in an email.

Venice director of athletes Pete Dombroski said Sarasota County School Board
officials did the initial investigation and "found no wrongdoing."

"The FHSAA wanted to do a follow up," he said.

Sarasota County director of athletics Jim Clark concurred.

"The FHSAA has chosen to send their own investigator to look into what we
investigated," Clark said. "The school district found no wrongdoing."

The undisclosed allegations stem from a parent who no longer has a son on the
baseball team.

"I'm not very happy because a parent was upset with the team. If you saw
wrongdoing when wrongdoing was happening, why wait until your child graduated,"
Dombroski said.

"If there is something wrong, we will correct it right away. If there was
something wrong, it should have been brought up immediately, not six months
later."

Dombroski defended Indians baseball coach Craig Faulkner and his reputation.

"I know Coach Faulkner. I know Coach Faulkner's reputation. I've coached with
Coach Faulkner. I've worked with Coach Faulkner," Dombroski said.

"There is no doubt in my mind that Coach Faulkner has done no wrongdoing. I will
stand behind my coach 100 percent. There is one disgruntled parent.

"It's hard enough to get coaches. When you start dragging a coach through things
like this, it's just not right.

"The county came in and looked into the baseball program and reported to the
state. They wanted to follow up on the investigation."

Dombroski said he is "glad" the investigation reached the FHSAA, so it can come
to fruition.

"Because it will put an end to all this," said Dombroski, who has been on the
job 15 months.

"I don't like dirty laundry going out through our athletic program. We're doing
things right, and we're doing things in the best interest of our
student/athletes."

As per its policies, the FHSAA will send a report after the investigation is
completed.

The FHSAA also recently investigated allegations of the Venice football and
volleyball teams.

The football team was forced to forfeit nine victories from the 2009 season.

The volleyball team is banned from playing postseason home games for the next
two seasons.

Both teams are on administrative probation through the 2011-12 seasons.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

$1B AT&T Internet tax suit settles: Missouri lawyers involved on both sides of
case

BYLINE: Kelly Wiese and Scott Lauck

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 420  words


A federal judge in Illinois signed off this month on a class action settlement
with AT&T Mobility that could mean customer refunds worth approximately $1
billion.

The multidistrict litigation, led by Kansas City-area firm Bartimus Frickleton
Robertson & Gorny and the Washington, D.C., Huge Law Firm, claimed AT&T charged
customers for taxes and fees on Internet access through their phones. The
plaintiffs claimed it was a violation of the federal Internet Tax Freedom Act.

On its website, Bartimus Frickleton said the settlement "may be the largest
class action case in history in terms of the number of consumers affected. "
According to court documents, it involves approximately 30 million AT&T
customers who were charged Internet taxes on bills issued from Nov. 1, 2005, to
Sept. 7, 2010.

AT&T Mobility denied any wrongdoing or violations of the law. But it agreed to
stop collecting the taxes and to seek refunds from approximately 2,000 taxing
entities across the country. Refunds would then be passed on to the customers.

Jim Frickleton, one of the lead plaintiff lawyers on the case, said AT&T's
agreement not to collect the taxes going forward has a value of another nearly
$2 billion.

He estimated $950 million to $1 billion in tax refunds can be collected, as some
local governments will deem the claims go beyond their statutes of limitations.
But he had no timetable for how soon customers could be seeing the money.

Frickleton said the firm began pursuing the litigation after reviewing its own
cellphone bills and finding that taxes were being charged for Internet access.

The plaintiffs' lawyers are to receive either 10 percent of the aggregate value
of the settlement or 25 percent of the tax refunds, whichever is less.

Roman Wuller of Thompson Coburn in St. Louis, a lead attorney for AT&T, referred
questions to a company spokesman.

"AT&T Mobility collected only those taxes that we believed we were required to
collect, and passed them along to state and local taxing authorities," spokesman
Marty Richter said in an emailed statement. "While we strongly deny any
wrongdoing, and no court has found that AT&T Mobility committed any wrongdoing,
we agreed to settle these cases to avoid the burden and cost of further
litigation. "

The suit consolidated 54 actions, including two originally filed in Missouri.
U.S. District Judge Amy J. St. Eve, of the Northern District of Illinois, gave
final approval to the deal June 2.

The case is In re: AT&T Mobility Wireless Data Services Tax Litigation,
1:10-cv-2278.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Class action suit over Fair Credit notice settles for $20M

BYLINE: Virginia Lawyers Weekly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464  words


The plaintiffs claimed that the defendants violated the Fair Credit Reporting
Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq. (the "FCRA") by: (1) failing to provide consumers
with notice that they were furnishing an employment-purposed consumer report "at
the time" they were doing so; (2) failing to follow proper procedures for
resolving consumer disputes; and (3) failing to have a permissible purpose for
issuing certain consumer reports to employers and vendors. Defendants denied all
charges and allegations of wrongdoing and contended that they acted lawfully and
in compliance with the FCRA at all times.

Despite denying liability and wrongdoing, the defendants decided it was in their
best interest to settle the lawsuit to avoid the burden, expense, risk, and
uncertainty of continuing the litigation.   A settlement of $20,800,000.00 was
approved on July 29, 2015, including $6,015,618.30 in attorney's fees and costs.
Defendant paid the costs of administering the class.   A common fund in the
amount of $13,265,691.25 was established for the payment of statutory damages to
class members.   Class members with more recent claims automatically received a
net payment of $35.25.   Class members with older claims reaching back to Aug.
16, 2007, automatically received a net payment of $11.75. In addition, people
who filed claims in the "dispute" class will receive a check for at least
$5,000.00.

(16-T-008]



Type of action: Class action under the Fair Credit Reporting Act Injuries
alleged: Improper FCRA notice Name of case: Henderson, et al. v. Acxiom Risk
Management, Inc., et al. Court: U.S. District Court, Eastern District of
Virginia, Richmond Division Case no.: Civil Action No. 3:12cv589 Name of judge:
Hon. Robert E. Payne Name of mediator: Jed. D. Melnick Date resolved: Jul. 29,
2015 Special damages: Statutory and punitive damages authorized by the FCRA;
Claims included §1681k (at the time notice not sent) and §1681i (failure to
timely reinvestigate consumer dispute). Verdict or settlement: Settlement
Amount: $20,800,000 Attorneys for plaintiff: Leonard Anthony Bennett and Susan
Mary Rotkis, Newport News; Matthew James Erausquin, Alexandria; Craig Carley
Marchiando, Newport News; Christopher Colt North, Newport News; Dale Wood
Pittman, Petersburg; Cynthia Bodendieck Chapman and Michael Allen Caddell,
Houston, TX; David Anthony Searles, James Arthur Francis and John Soumilas,
Philadelphia, PA Attorneys for defendant: David Neal Anthony and Alan Durrum
Wingfield, Richmond; Megan Starace Ben'Ary, Alexandria; Timothy James St.
George, Charles Kalman Seyfarth and Meagan Anne Mihalko, Richmond Insurance
carrier: multiple carriers

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Wyly brothers' ex-lawyer settles SEC fraud case, admits errors

LENGTH: 568  words


A former lawyer for the wealthy Texas investors Samuel and Charles Wyly agreed
to pay nearly $795,000 and admit to wrongdoing to resolve regulatory charges
that he assisted the brothers in a multi-year $550 million fraud, according to
court papers filed on Thursday.


The settlement between the lawyer Michael French and the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission was disclosed just 1-1/2 weeks before jury selection was set
to begin in the case. The SEC has accused the Wyly brothers of using offshore
trusts to hide stock sales in four companies closely tied to them.
The accord marked the seventh time that the SEC has obtained an admission of
wrongdoing from a defendant as part of a new settlement policy unveiled in June
2013 by SEC Chair Mary Jo White.
The SEC had previously disclosed in court that it engaged in settlement talks
with Samuel Wyly similarly demanding an admission of wrongdoing, but no deal has
emerged.
Charles Wyly died in an August 2011 car crash. An executor for his estate was
substituted as a defendant. Jury selection is expected to begin on March 31.
Joshua Klein, a lawyer for French, declined to comment. Lawyers for the Wylys
did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The SEC accused the Wylys in a 2010 lawsuit of using offshore trusts and
subsidiary companies in the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands to conceal the
sale of more than $750 million in stock sales over a 13-year period from 1992
through 2004 in four companies they founded or served as members of the board of
directors.
Those companies were Michaels Stores Inc, Sterling Software Inc, Sterling
Commerce Inc and Scottish Annuity & Life Holdings Ltd, now known as Scottish Re.

The SEC also accused the Dallas-based brothers of insider trading, claiming they
earned $31.7 million from trades in Sterling Software after deciding in 1999 to
seek a buyer.
ACTING 'INTENTIONALLY OR RECKLESSLY'
In his settlement, French agreed to give up $400,000 of alleged illegal profit
plus $394,609 of interest.
He also admitted to conduct related to activity that is part of the SEC's case
against the Wylys, for whom he began to work in 1992 after leaving the law firm
Jackson Walker.
According to an admission of facts signed by French, this conduct "was
undertaken by French in connection with the purchase, offer, or sale of a
security," and "French acted intentionally or recklessly in connection with the
violations described (in the admission of facts)."
The SEC had accused French of using his positions as the brothers' lawyer and as
a director of three of their companies to hide their ownership stakes and
trading. The regulator also accused French of using his positions to set up and
trade in his own offshore entities without proper disclosures.

Thursday's settlement is the second in the Wyly case.
A former stockbroker for the brothers, Louis Schaufele, agreed to pay $498,693
in a settlement disclosed in January.
French is still expected to be a key witness at trial, having helped establish
the trusts at the center of the case while in the Wylys' employ.
Lawyers for Samuel Wyly and the executor for Charles Wyly's estate are expected
to argue that they relied on the legal advice of French in not disclosing
ownership of the securities held in the offshore trusts.
The case is SEC v. Wyly et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New
York, No. 10-05760.© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 21, 2000 Thursday 2D EDITION

EDITORIAL An end to Whitewater

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 268 words


Seven years. $ 52 million. No indictment. No credible evidence of  criminal
wrongdoing by either Bill or Hillary Clinton. The  prolonged Whitewater
investigation resembles Gertrude Stein's  description of Oakland: 'There's no
there there.'

Independent Counsel Robert Ray has wrapped up the six-year  special prosecutor's
investigation without charging either the  president or Mrs. Clinton with any
wrongdoing, saying there was  'insufficient' or 'inconclusive' evidence to
warrant charges for  any of the allegations that prompted the most expensive
independent counsel inquiry in history.

But while the Whitewater witch hunt didn't give taxpayers  their money's worth,
it did leave two bitter outcomes.

American law supposedly protects us from a prosecutor's  personal or political
vendetta by requiring investigators to focus  on a specific act of wrongdoing.

But the now-expired federal law casually trampled this crucial  civil right,
letting special prosecutors harass an individual  until some evidence of some
wrongdoing somewhere could be  uncovered. Congress was right to let the odious
statute expire.

Still, the presidency today is greatly weakened, not because  of the independent
prosecutor, but because of Bill Clinton's own  boorish behavior.

Clinton's violation of his marriage vows, misleading  testimony under oath and
deceptive public denials all diminished  the presidency that had been entrusted
to him. That sorry legacy  will haunt his successors long after Clinton himself
has retired  to a rocking chair in Little Rock.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 25, 1993, Sunday, Final Edition

Rostenkowski Asserts Innocence in House Postal Scandal

Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 727 words


House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dan Rostenkowski (D-Ill.), flanked by a
new, high-powered legal defense team, yesterday declared he was innocent of any
wrongdoing in the House Post Office scandal and pledged to stay on the job.

Breaking his silence after nearly a week of unrelenting bad news linking him to
a decades-old embezzlement scheme at the post office, Rostenkowski summoned
reporters to his committee's cavernous conference chambers to answer what he
called "the many unfair, false and baseless allegations" about him.

"I want to make it absolutely clear that I have committed no crime and have
engaged in no illegal or unethical conduct," Rostenkowski said.

The beefy, sad-faced Illinois Democrat, leaning into a lectern, said this has
been a very difficult time for him and his family and that he was both
"frustrated and angry."

"I am presumed to be innocent," he said. "I have been charged with nothing, but
most importantly I am, in fact, innocent of any wrongdoing."

With a federal grand jury probe of alleged wrongdoing at the post office picking
up steam, Rostenkowski, 65, dropped lawyer Stanley M. Brand late Friday night in
favor of lawyer Robert S. Bennett and his partner, Carl S. Rauh.

Bennett, one of the most successful criminal lawyers in Washington, commands $
415 an hour in fees and has handled such high-profile clients as Clark M.
Clifford and Robert A. Altman in the BCCI case, former defense secretary Caspar
W. Weinberger and Cincinnati Reds owner Marge Schott.

In the process of handling hundreds of white-collar criminal cases, Bennett has
lost only two at trial.

Rostenkowski, one of the most powerful figures on Capitol Hill, has been the
subject of a yearlong federal grand jury investigation examining everything from
suspected stamps-for-cash swaps at the House Post Office to every facet of his
personal, official and campaign finances.

His legal and political problems reached critical mass last Monday, when former
House postmaster Robert V. Rota pleaded guilty to helping several
representatives embezzle money from the post office. Evidence contained in court
papers in the case indicated that Rostenkowski was one of those and that he
allegedly received a total of $ 21,300 in 19 transactions between May 1985 and
April 1991.

Rostenkowski, who as the longtime chairman of the House tax-writing committee
has taken a leading role in shaping a compromise over President Clinton's
deficit-reduction package, spent the rest of the week dodging questions.

Under the advice of his former counsel, Brand, he refused to say anything about
the allegations, even as House Republicans began stirring up the political pot
and political enemies back home in Chicago were demanding that he resign.

By late Friday, an agitated Rostenkowski concluded he needed to make a dramatic
shift in his legal and public relations strategy, according to aides. In a
midnight phone conversation, Rostenkowski hired the resourceful Bennett to take
over the case, and they agreed to launch a counteroffensive, beginning with
yesterday's Capitol Hill news conference.

With the Capitol abuzz with speculation that Rostenkowski has lost some of his
effectiveness in dealing with the president's economic policies and the White
House's expected health care proposals, Rostenkowski declared that he "will not
allow the current situation to interfere" with his work.

Rostenkowski declined to answer any questions and marched out of the room after
completing his brief statement. Among those unanswered questions were inquiries
about his dealings with Rota and why his office spent so much on postage stamps
when he enjoys congressional franking privileges.

A retired House Post Office employee, James C. Smith, told the Chicago Sun-Times
last week that he was given a $ 2,000 expense account voucher for postage stamps
in the summer of 1989 that Rota turned in for cash for Rostenkowski.

Smith, who has testified before the grand jury under a grant of immunity from
prosecution, said, however, that he "never handed Rostenkowski any money
directly." Smith also said he had never met Rostenkowski before he was given the
patronage position at the post office.

Federal prosecutors indicated in court documents that Smith was hired through
Rostenkowski's "personal intervention" to help facilitate the alleged scam.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, REP. DAN ROSTENKOWSKI (D-ILL.) LEAVES CAPITOL HILL NEWS
CONFERENCE WHERE HE DENIED ANY ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL CONDUCT. AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 17, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Breaking the Rules: Abuses at a Brokerage -- A special report.;
New Cloud Over Prudential Branches

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 2609 words


When Prudential Securities agreed with regulators in October to pay $371 million
to settle charges of securities law violations, it acknowleged a raft of
accusations that painted a troubling picture: the firm had misrepresented
investments to clients, executives had poorly supervised branches and brokers
had abused customers' accounts. The problems could scarcely have seemed worse.

But it appears they were. Abuses at Prudential over the last decade extended far
beyond those described at nine branches in the settlement, documents and
interviews show, with 10 additional branches significantly violating securities
rules as recently as last year.

While the settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covered mostly
individual brokers abusing customers in similar ways, the additional incidents
seem to show a broader disregard for rules at the firm. At times, virtually
entire branches participated in improprieties, with documents altered to cover
up wrongdoing; in other cases, violations resulted from Prudential policies. And
victims were not just the unsophisticated, but some of the firm's wealthiest
customers.

Abuses persisted even after senior executives, including George L. Ball, who
left in 1991 as chairman of the firm then known as Prudential-Bache, were
briefed on trading in problem accounts, interviews show.

Details of the violations were pieced together by The New York Times from
company records, stock exchange documents and depositions, as well as from
interviews with current and former Prudential employees, regulators, lawyers and
clients.

The 10 additional branches are in Little Rock, Ark.; Augusta, Ga.; Boise, Idaho;
Bay Shore and Smithtown, L.I.; Charlotte, N.C.; Edison, N.J.; Memphis; Richmond,
and Lynchburg, Va. The S.E.C. settlement in October dealt with problems in
Atlanta; Laguna Hills, Newport Beach and San Diego, Calif.; Hallandale, Fla.;
Chesterfield, Mo.; Fort Sumter and Hilton Head, S.C., and Dallas.

At the 10 additional branches, brokers made trades without customer
authorization, failed to tell customers of huge losses when required to do so
and excessively traded securities to generate large commissions. Customers were
put into unsuitably risky investments. Employees not licensed to make trades did
so anyway, and were improperly paid commissions. A customer was even allowed to
trade for other clients while his broker was on vacation.

In a statement, Prudential said, "We're certainly not proud of the activities
involved in these incidents" but added, "in any large organization problems will
occur." It said it had brought the wrongdoing to the attention of regulators or
clients and had dismissed or disciplined the employees involved. The firm also
said it had changed its monitoring systems to prevent future problems.

It is unclear whether Prudential will face any additional liabilities. As part
of the October settlement, $330 million was set aside in a fund to compensate
investors who purchased the firm's risky limited partnerships from any branch if
the customers had been falsely assured that the partnerships were virtually
risk-free. Most of the partnerships eventually soured.


S.E.C. Explanation

William McLucas, the head of enforcement at the S.E.C., said the agency settled
the Prudential case, citing only nine branches for irregularities that did not
involve partnerships, to get compensation for injured investors in the
partnerships as quickly as possible. The alternative, he said, was "spending
another six to eight months investigating other offices."
 He said the S.E.C. is continuing to examine branch practices in investigations
of individual executives.
 Investors harmed by wrongdoing at Prudential branches unrelated to partnerships
must seek compensation by suing the firm. Prudential has already settled some
cases with customers at the 10 additional branches.
 Activities at some of the 10 branches have already led to sanctions against
Prudential by the National Association of Securities Dealers and the American
Stock Exchange, although details of the charges have never before been fully
disclosed. Some individuals involved in the cases are under investigation by
exchanges and state regulators, as well as by Federal prosecutors.


Bad Policies
A Spiral of Risk In Swiss Options

Laszlo N. Tauber was the kind of customer brokerage executives dream about. A
wealthy physician and developer, Dr. Tauber often made Forbes magazine's list of
the world's 400 richest people, with an estimated worth in 1992 of $500 million.

So Prudential-Bache executives were delighted in 1984 when the Maryland
physician began doing business with Thomas Blanton, a broker in the firm's
Richmond office. Top executives including Mr. Ball were said to have taken a
personal interest in the new client, who was granted tens of millions of dollars
in credit -- hardly a commitment made by a local manager.

But the Tauber account quickly became a vehicle for unauthorized trades and
other wrongdoing and a model for more than a dozen other accounts in Richmond
and at branch offices in Lynchburg and Augusta, interviews and records show.


Profitable Strategy

The strategy involved options on Swiss francs, which allow a purchaser to buy or
sell the currency at predetermined prices. Dr. Tauber wrote and sold options,
getting paid a premium over their cost for his trouble. His strategy essentially
was to bet that markets would remain stable, meaning he would lose money if the
currency moved significantly in any direction. If it did not, and therefore
failed to hit the price required for exercising the options, they would expire
worthless and Dr. Tauber would get to keep the premium.

The strategy was so profitable that Mr. Blanton arranged for nine other
customers to use it. With business brisk, Prudential established a Lynchburg
office in 1986 to handle similar trades for others. And Mr. Blanton helped
another broker set up similar accounts in Augusta.

By 1986, Mr. Blanton was the firm's top broker, with commissions of more than $8
million, compared with $350,000 in 1984. He had frequent meetings to discuss the
Tauber account with his branch manager, regional director and executives
including Mr. Ball and the former heads of the retail operation, Robert Sherman
and Richard Sichenzio, people with knowledge of the meetings said.

But securities rules were violated despite the supervisory involvement -- at
times because of what an American Stock Exchange investigation later described
as policies the firm adopted specifically for these accounts. Records show that
Mr. Blanton made trades without customers' written authorization and that
Prudential allowed customers with no options experience to trade in the risky
instruments. And Mr. Blanton allowed Dr. Tauber to place orders for other
customers while the broker was on vacation in Hong Kong, a trip he won from
Prudential in 1986 because of the big commissions he brought in for the firm.

In addition to these problems, there was the matter of the firm's policies for
dealing with customer losses once the value of the Swiss franc started to swing
wildly. Many of these customers had purchased options using credit; when credit
accounts lose value, customers are often asked to put up more cash through what
is known as a margin call.

But when margin calls came, Prudential allowed these particular customers to
take even bigger positions, in hopes that the franc would stabilize and the
losses would reverse. According to exchange records, it was the firm's policy
for the Richmond operations manager to alert Mr. Blanton of margin calls before
they were sent to customers. In each case, customer positions were closed and
rolled into bigger, riskier positions intended to meet the margin calls. But in
doing so, the possibility of big losses grew.


Trading Ordered Halted

In January 1987, with these expanded customer positions, the Swiss franc soared
in value, creating losses so large that the firm finally ordered the trading
halted. Fifteen public customers lost $30 million.

In an interview, Dr. Tauber, for one, confirmed that documents allowing certain
trading in his account were forged. One signature, he said, was witnessed and
notarized in Richmond -- a city he had not visited since 1961. He declined to
discuss the case further, citing a confidentiality agreement with Prudential
settling litigation. The firm said it resolved customer claims related to the
trading.

Last year, the firm was censured by the American Stock Exchange for the abuses
in options trading at the three Southern branches. Mr. Blanton, who records show
has left the securities industry, was permanently barred from membership with
the exchange.

Neither Mr. Sichenzio nor Samuel Keesal, a lawyer for Mr. Ball, returned
repeated telephone messages seeking comment. Howard Elisofon, a lawyer for Mr.
Sherman, said that the troubles were "a local problem at the branch level" and
added that Mr. Sherman was not charged by any regulator or interviewed about the
problems, and played no role in credit decisions involving the accounts.

Poor Supervision
Commission Shifts And Forgeries

Customers calling Prudential's Little Rock office between 1990 and last year
would not likely have detected a problem. The employees seemed knowlegeable,
offered investment recommendations and executed orders. But something was wrong:
Many were not licensed brokers.

Indeed, securities law violations became rampant at the office as improperly
licensed or unlicensed employees, including people registered simply as sales
assistants, presented themselves as stockbrokers.

The scheme required an elaborate system for transferring commissions to
employees who were not legally allowed to receive them but were doing the work.
"The real problem was the way they went about covering up what they were doing,"
said Warren Butler, district director in New Orleans for the National
Association of Securities Dealers, which found the improprieties in a 1993
audit. But he added, "If we could detect it through the process that we use,
Prudential could have found it, too."


Commissions Paid by Check

In branch records, customers who dealt with improperly licensed employees were
listed as the clients of licensed brokers. A broker would then pay commissions
to an unlicensed employee out of a personal bank account or by transferring them
on the firm's internal books. Commissions were transferred in about 135
instances, with the licensed broker keeping enough to cover tax liabilities.

More than 30 employees were involved in the scheme, which regulators said was
intended to spread the branch's wealth. Brokers liked it because commissions
from their helpers counted toward bonuses and other firmwide awards.

People involved in the inquiry said the Federal prosecutors in Little Rock and
the Federal Bureau of Investigation are conducting a criminal investigation of
the activities, including the possibility of tax fraud. Prudential said it is
cooperating with investigations of former employees by exchange and state
regulators.

But the lack of oversight is not confined to Little Rock, regulators and
arbitrators said. In Memphis, for example, a broker made improper trades in a
profit-sharing account of the Southland Tractor Company that could have readily
been detected for almost two years.

In June, the N.A.S.D. fined Prudential $250,000 for supervisory failures in
Memphis and Little Rock.

Similar problems emerged in other branches. Prudential executives said state
regulators are investigating in Boise, where brokers were said to have traded
for customer accounts without authorization and put clients into unsuitable
investments. Suitability problems also arose in Charlotte, where accounts were
traded excessively for commissions and customer signatures were forged.

In 1991, six family members with Charlotte accounts filed claims against
Prudential and a broker, Henry F. Vaughn, charging that misdeeds had cost them
more than $1 million.

In June, an arbitration panel awarded the customers $2.2 million, including
interest and legal fees. The panel said the evidence "was overwhelming" that Mr.
Vaughn and Prudential "were guilty of predatory practices." The panel added that
they found "virtually no meaningful supervision" of Mr. Vaughn, and that "such
supervisory activities as existed appeared designed to protect Prudential-Bache
Securities and Henry Vaughn rather than the customers."

Mr. Vaughn, who did not return repeated telephone messages, is the subject of a
preliminary investigation by the N.A.S.D., documents show.


Troublesome Brokers
Improper Trades In Client Accounts

Dr. Walter C. Spiess struggled for years to help William Cresswell stop drinking
heavily. But Mr. Cresswell, an elderly alcoholic who lived on a huge trust fund,
would not abstain. Finally, in late 1987, alcohol-related illnesses and senility
overcame Mr. Cresswell, and Dr. Spiess admitted him to Carillon Nursing Home in
Huntington, L.I.

But in early 1988, Dr. Spiess heard from nurses that Mr. Cresswell was being
signed out "and returning to the nursing home with the strong smell of alcohol
on his breath," Dr. Spiess said in a court document.

Who was signing out Mr. Cresswell? Michael McNulty, a broker from Prudential's
Bay Shore office, who sold him almost $700,000 worth of limited partnerships,
arbitration records and affidavits show.

Shortly after gaining control of the trust, months before Mr. Cresswell was
admitted to the home, Mr. McNulty, who worked in the Smithtown office,
liquidated the blue-chip stocks and corporate bonds it held, earning big
commissions and incurring huge tax liabilities for Mr. Cresswell, arbitration
records show. Mr. McNulty directed most of that money into risky limited
partnerships, which lost Mr. Cresswell hundreds of thousands of dollars but
helped the broker earn special bonuses.


Firm Fights Client Claims

Mr. McNulty could not be reached for comment. Christopher Marley, Mr.
Cresswell's lawyer, said that after Mr. McNulty was served a complaint in the
case last year, the broker left the country for Guatemala. Prudential is
fighting Mr. Cresswell's claims, saying he approved of the trades.

Prudential's Smithtown and Bay Shore offices are under N.A.S.D. investigation
for supervisory problems and failure to maintain records, people who have been
interviewed said.

In Edison, N.J., Prudential learned in 1990 that Jeffrey J. Moruzzi traded for
client accounts without authorization after the broker told his branch manager.
But the firm is still fighting claims brought by some of his clients.

Prudential dismissed Mr. Moruzzi and informed the Big Board, which began an
investigation. The inquiry found that Mr. Moruzzi, who testified that he had a
gambling problem, had improperly traded in the accounts of a number of
customers, including Dr. Frank A. Marciano.

Prudential says Dr. Marciano told the firm there was no unauthorized trading in
his account. Yet he sought out a lawyer, asserting that there was. Dr. Marciano
died before bringing a claim, but his family filed a suit against the firm in
1991.

Despite the exchange's finding, Prudential denied anything improper ever
happened, calling the case in filings a "fishing expedition for dollars brought
by greedy heirs of a satisfied customer."

Despite discovery requests, Prudential invoked procedural objections and did not
produce the documents in its possession that showed the Big Board believed the
broker had made the trades without Dr. Marciano's knowledge.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: How the Troubles Developed"

1980: Bache & Company begins expanding the limited partnership business.

1981: Bache is purchased by the Prudential Insurance Company.

1986: Prudential-Bache settles S.E.C. charges for failing to have appropriate
compliance systems. The firm signs a consent decree and agrees to put
appropriate systems in place.

1990: Many of the hundreds of limited partnerships experience financial trouble,
and clients who were promised that the investments were safe being to file
lawsuits.

1993: A state task force of securities regulators is formed and begins working
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the Prudential investigation.

Oct.: Prudential settles securities fraud charges, which say the firm defrauded
many investors in limited partnerships, failed to stop wrongdoing at nine branch
offices, and ignored the requirements of the 1986 settlement.

(pg. D4)

Map/Diagram: "The Prudential Offices That Went Astray" shows areas of Prudential
branches in the United States charged with violations by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, and other branches where wrongdoing took place. (Soure:
S.E.C. filings, exchange documents, arbitration records. (pg. D1)

TYPE: Special Report

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 22, 1988 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

INDICTMENT EXPECTED SOON IN DREXEL CASE

BYLINE: Source: AP-Dow Jones

SECTION: INVESTMENT; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 763 words


Time is running out for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc in its efforts to convince
the US Justice Department that racketeering charges should not be brought
against the firm.

Barring a last-minute settlement or change of heart at the Justice Department,
the US Attorney in Manhattan is likely to ask a Federal grand jury to indict
Drexel on charges that the firm engaged in racketeering, as well as securities
fraud and mail fraud.

The indictment is expected to come as early as next week, according to people
familiar with the investigation.

Racketeering charges, which involve allegations of a pattern of wrongdoing, and
carry the potential for steep penalties, must be approved by the Justice
Department in Washington.

It is believed that high-level Justice Department officials have already given
the US Attorney, Mr Rudolph Giuliani, the go-ahead to seek charges against
Drexel for violations under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organisations
law.

In addition, justice officials have approved RICO indictments against Michael
Milken, the head of Drexel's high-yield bond department, and several other
individuals. Such indictments would cap a grand jury investigation that has
lasted nearly two years.

It is likely that lawyers for Drexel will appeal against the Justice officials'
decision to the Attorney-General, Mr Dick Thornburgh. It is rare, although not
unprecedented, for a decision of this nature to be made by the Attorney-General
himself.

It is also still possible that Drexel will settle with the Government, as has
been widely rumoured, to avoid facing the indictments.

If the Government brought RICO charges, it would be able to tie up certain
Drexel assets, pending the outcome of the case.

Although precedent under RICO is scant, it appears that the US Government would
be able to freeze at least the amount it claims that Drexel made from the
alleged wrongdoing.

However, according to RICO experts, Drexel would probably be permitted to post a
bond for that amount so that it could continue operations while the case was
pending.

If Drexel were later convicted, it would have to forfeit, at the very least, all
profits from any wrongdoing stemming from the alleged racketeering enterprise.

Individuals convicted under RICO face prison sentences of up to 20 years on each
count.

Meanwhile, the US Attorney's office in Manhattan is also expected to bring a
superseding indictment against the investment firm Princeton/Newport LP that
would name at least one additional defendant in the case. The new indictment in
that case, first brought last August, is expected this week.

The Government has indicted six men, five of them officials of
Princeton/Newport, which is based in Princeton, New Jersey, and Newport Beach,
California.

They were charged with participating in an alleged tax fraud scheme.

In a new indictment, the Government is also expected to charge Cary Maultasch, a
trader in Drexel's New York office, in connection with the alleged fraud.
Maultasch is expected to face racketeering charges in both the Princeton/Newport
case and in any case the Government brings against Drexel.

The Federal grand jury has been investigating Drexel and certain of its current
and former employees for possible insider trading and securities fraud
violations.

Drexel, the Milken brothers and Maultasch were also named as defendants in a
civil securities fraud case brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 7.

The SEC charged Drexel and other defendants with insider trading, stock
manipulation, parking of securities to conceal their true ownership, and other
violations.

Lawyers for Drexel, Milken and others have twice met Justice Department
officials to try to dissuade the Government from bringing racketeering charges.

Drexel has said it believes that any indictment against the firm or current or
former employees would be unwarranted.

Lawyers for Drexel have told Justice Department officials that racketeering
charges would greatly complicate their ability to do business and would hurt the
US economy. In addition, Drexel has argued that such charges would be unfair to
most of Drexel's 10,000 employees, who are not being named in potential
indictments.

Drexel's lawyers have not held any direct settlement discussions with the US
Attorney since shortly before a target letter was sent last month.

Nonetheless, the defence lawyers believe that Mr Giuliani would seek a much
tougher settlement than they would currently consider.

Still, some defence lawyers are not ruling out the possibility of further
settlement talks before an indictment is brought.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday

When can a client's wrongdoing be tied to a lawyer?

BYLINE: Christine Simmons

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 745  words


The lawsuits against Bryan Cave spur questions on the general responsibilities
of lawyers and law firms, such as whether they can be held liable for any
wrongdoing of their clients.

The facts and disputes differ in each case, but generally speaking lawyers are
not directly liable for what their clients do, said Ron Mallen, whose practice
focuses on professional responsibility and risk management at Hinshaw &
Culbertson in San Francisco.

"A law firm is not vicariously liable for a client's wrongful conduct. But when
the lawyer's conduct constitutes a tort that implicates the client's conduct,
then the lawyer can be held liable for the full consequences of the [wrongdoing
]," he said.

"When you actively participate in a fraud, then you've committed a tort," he
said.

The lawsuits against Bryan Cave lawyer Katherine Windler and the firm claim that
documents in an Estate Financial Inc. permit application submitted to the
California Department of Corporations and drafted by Windler were misleading and
contained omissions. The lawsuits say Bryan Cave and Windler aided and abetted
the company's officers and director's breach of fiduciary duty.

The "aiding and abetting" claim is not new in malpractice suits.

In corporate failures that end up in bankruptcy, many are attributed to
financial overreaching and improprieties by the officers and directors, Mallen
said.

"In those situations, it's not uncommon for the lawyers and accountants to be
sued," he said, because the professionals are a primary source of money for the
trustee in bankruptcy.

Mallen said situations of lawyers being sued during bankruptcies have been
common since the early 1980s.

"This kind of situation has been occurring with significant frequency, in
particular with recessions," he said.

"The fact is, this is over money," he said. "[A trustee's] job is to see where
they can look for and find money. "

The lawsuits against Windler and Bryan Cave also claim the lawyers knew that
their clients' business, Estate Financial Inc., was violating laws. Do lawyers
have any responsibility to reveal past and current improprieties by clients?

While lawyers can't reveal confidential client information under attorney-client
privilege rules, the American Bar Association's Model Rules of Professional
Conduct has certain exceptions.

For instance, a lawyer may reveal information to prevent bodily harm or to
prevent the client from committing a crime or fraud that is reasonably certain
to result in substantial injury to the financial interests or property of
another, according to the rules.

One of the malpractice lawsuits facing Bryan Cave says the firm's legal advice
caused a loss of more than $100 million to EFI, off-shoot EFMF and to the more
than 1500 individuals who invested in the businesses.

Yet even in the ABA's rules the exceptions say lawyers "may" reveal the
information.

"The attorney-client privilege is so strong, so rooted in our history," Mallen
said, "the disclosure is 'may. '"

The lawsuits also claim that Windler didn't have appropriate expertise in
securities and bankruptcy law and Bryan Cave didn't properly supervise her.

Lawyers who focus on legal ethics and professional responsibly say the attorney
who takes on a client case is ultimately in charge of making sure the case is
properly staffed. Another ABA rule says lawyers should provide competent
representation, which requires the legal knowledge, skill, thoroughness and
preparation necessary for representation.

Of course, law firms need to have procedures in place to make sure lawyers have
the opportunity to ask for help, said Peter Joy, a vice dean and law professor
at Washington University School of Law in St. Louis who has written on ethics.
If firm culture doesn't allow it or firm lawyers don't agree to help one
another, that could be an issue, he said.

Typically, if a malpractice carrier believes a lawyer or law firm is
responsible, it settles the case unless the amount of the damages is disputed,
Joy said.

In the Bryan Cave malpractice lawsuits, the firm had drafts of the lawsuits and
exhibits sometime before they were filed, said one of the plaintiff's attorneys,
John Reitman.

"The fact that this lawsuit was filed means at least the malpractice carrier
thinks there isn't liability in this case," Joy said.

Legal malpractice suits generally don't have the greatest odds of success. In
Joy's anecdotal opinion, he said about two-thirds of cases end by the plaintiff
losing or settling for a small amount.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                October 15, 2004

WALL STREET; CITY AND BUSINESS EDITED BY STEPHEN KAHN

SECTION: U.K. 1st Edition; CITY; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 160 words


NEW YORK attorney general Eliot Spitzer's latest attack on alleged corporate
wrongdoing sent insurance company share prices plunging yesterday.

Spitzer charged several of the country's insurers with bid-rigging and payoffs
he claimed breached fraud and competition laws.

He unveiled a lawsuit against broker Marsh & McLennan for a common industry
practice known as "contingent commissions", paid by insurance companies to
brokers for sending business their way.

Critics claimed the payments encouraged brokers to sell policies from insurers
offering the highest commissions.

Marsh crashed 14 per cent while AIG lost 9 per cent.

By mid-session the Dow Jones was down 88.75 to 9913.55 while the Nasdaq
Composite was 15.26 adrift at 1905.27.

Computer giant HewlettPackard fell 3 per cent after Morgan Stanley downgraded
from overweight to neutral on competition fears. General Motors reversed 5 per
cent after poor thirdquarter figures.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 28, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

CCE case one of increasing number of labor disputes filed with NLRB

BYLINE: Richard Greer; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 8G

LENGTH: 606 words


Union and management supporters alike were stunned when they learned of the
bribery allegations against Coca-Cola Enterprises in its battle against workers'
efforts to organize a union.

"I clipped the news article," said Jim Walters, a management attorney with
Fisher & Phillips in Atlanta. "If it is true, it is so highly unusual."

The National Labor Relations Board on Thursday said it thinks there is evidence
CCE violated federal labor law last year during the Bakery, Confectionery and
Tobacco Workers International Union's organizing effort at Atlanta Coca-Cola
Bottling Co., a unit of CCE. Company officials deny the allegations.

Still, union officials and some workers say that while the size of the alleged
bribe was unusual, violations of labor law are obstacles they run into every
day.

While that claim is hotly disputed by employers, allegations of company
wrongdoing filed with the NLRB have been increasing for four decades. But the
number of union elections - which generally result in a large number of NLRB
charges - has actually decreased since the 1950s.

Since the 1950s, the number of charges against employers in the United States
has risen from about 4,300 a year to 24,000 a year. The percentage of charges
that the NLRB believes have merit has risen from about 25 percent in the 1950s
to 44 percent in 1990, the latest figures available.

The NLRB is the federal agency that handles charges against companies that
allegedly violate the right of workers to form unions and bargain collectively.
Violations can range from harassment or bribery, to firing pro-union employees.

Some say the numbers are up simply because unions are more likely to file
charges now.

"The National Relations Act is being used as a sword instead of a shield," said
attorney Howard Mavity, also of Fisher & Phillips. "Sometimes it's pure
harassment, or trying to show workers that the union provides a service."

In the NLRB's Atlanta region, which includes Georgia, Alabama and east
Tennessee, about 900 charges against companies are filed by unions and workers
each year, said Joseph McMahon, assistant to the regional director.

In about one-third of the cases, the board finds evidence the company has
violated labor law, and in about 90 percent of those cases, the company agrees
to a settlement. The remaining cases go before an administrative law judge, who
finds the company at fault about 80 percent of the time, McMahon said.

McMahon said the caseload encourages the NLRB to settle with companies, rather
than prosecute. The Atlanta region, for example, has 13 attorneys to handle the
900 or so cases annually.

Some researchers believe that has led to a willingness by companies to violate
the law.

According to Paul C. Weiler, a Harvard University Law School professor, at least
one in 48 pro-union workers are fired during organizing campaigns, up from one
in 600 in the 1950s.

"There is an incredible labor law violation rate in this country," Weiler said.

But others dispute that, as well as the meaning of the increase in NLRB cases.

"It's not because companies are playing more hardball. It's because employees
have a higher level of sophistication," said Walters, the management attorney.
"People are not afraid to use federal agencies."

However, Frank Hurt, international president of the bakery workers union, said
there is little financial incentive for workers or unions to use the NLRB.

One of the harshest remedies available to the NLRB is back pay, which averaged $
2,733 in 1990. Hurt said companies consider back pay orders to simply be the
cost of defeating a union.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bar graph: Labor complaints are rising...
The number of charges before the National Labor Relations Board, which
allege companies have violated labor law in ways such as firing workers
or bargaining unfairly with unions, has grown since the 1950s.

Average annual charges against companies
(in thousands)

...And firings are more common
The Dunlop Commission appointed to research U.S. labor law has found that
companies are illegally firing pro-union workers during organizing drives
more often than before:*

Average annual percentage of pro-uinon workers fired
*Based on number of workers offered reinstatment under NLRB order after
firing furing organizing drive.


Source: NLRB; Dunlop Commission

/ Vernon Crane / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Judge challenges SEC's settlement with Citigroup;
Questions raised about probe, penalty and executives sanctioned

BYLINE: Zachary A. Goldfarb

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 586 words


A federal judge refused on Monday to accept a $75 million settlement between the
Securities and Exchange Commission and Citigroup, marking the second time this
year that a judge has questioned whether the agency had exacted the proper
sanction from a major bank.

During a hearing on the settlement, Judge Ellen S. Huvelle of the U.S. District
Court for the District of Columbia raised questions about the SEC's
investigation into Citigroup, and how it decided on the size of the penalty and
on the individual executives who also face sanctions, according to lawyers who
were present. She asked why company shareholders must ultimately bear the price
of the sanction, and why the agency charged only two executives with wrongdoing
when more senior executives were involved.

Huvelle demanded additional information from the SEC and Citigroup, ordering the
parties to file briefs and scheduling a hearing for late September. Through
spokesmen, the SEC and Citigroup said they would provide the judge with all the
requested information.

The judge's action  is the latest setback for the agency as it tries to show it
can hold major Wall Street firms and their executives accountable for actions
that might have fueled the financial crisis.

Last year, a federal judge in New York pilloried the SEC over its settlement
with Bank of America of charges that the bank did not  disclose mounting losses
and plans to pay billions of dollars in bonuses to employees.

In rejecting the SEC's initial $33 million Bank of America settlement, U.S.
District Judge Jed S. Rakoff of the Southern District of New York was
incredulous about the agreement. He said  it suggested "a rather cynical
relationship between the parties" in which the SEC would get to say it was
penalizing a big bank and Bank of America could avoid a protracted fight with
one of its regulators.

Ultimately, after the SEC quintupled the fine and added new charges, Rakoff
offered his half-hearted approval to the settlement.

Last month, the SEC charged Citigroup with misleading investors about nearly $40
billion of subprime mortgage investments in its portfolio in 2007. Those
investments blew a gaping hole in the bank's balance sheet and led the federal
government to provide tens of billions of dollars in financial aid to keep the
bank afloat.

The SEC also charged former Citigroup chief financial officer Gary L. Crittenden
and former investor relations head Arthur Tildesley for their alleged roles in
the wrongdoing.

Crittenden agreed to pay $100,000 and Tildesley agreed to pay $80,000 to settle
the charges. Under the settlement, Citigroup and the former executives neither
admitted nor denied wrongdoing.

An SEC lawyer told the judge on Monday that the agency did an expansive
investigation into Citigroup and could only find evidence of wrongdoing by those
two executives. The lawyer told the judge that the agency did an economic
analysis of the bank's alleged wrongdoing, trying to determine what gain the
company enjoyed as a result of the faulty disclosures, and came up with what it
considered a reasonable penalty.

Matthew Miller, a lawyer at Cuneo, Gilbert and Laduca who is representing a
shareholder who has sued Citigroup executives over losses incurred by the firm,
praised the judge's action.

"There's very little explanation as to why these two individuals who are named
in a related administrative complaint are the only two people responsible for
the conduct at issue, and why there are no more senior executives involved in
this proceeding," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Defiant Governor hangs on

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 403  words


CHICAGO -- The Illinois Governor yesterday clung to power, ignoring Barack
Obama's call for him to resign, a day after he was arrested and accused of
trying to sell Mr Obama's vacant Senate seat.

And Jesse Jackson Jr, a rising star in the Democratic Party, identified himself
as the candidate whose agent allegedly offered Governor Rod Blagojevich cash to
secure the coveted Senate seat.

The congressman, son of civil rights leader the Rev Jesse Jackson, denied any
wrongdoing, and said federal prosecutors had told him he was not a target of
their investigation.

Governor Blagojevich was released on $US4500 bail and reported to work
yesterday.

His spokeswoman said it was ``business as usual'', but there was mounting
pressure on the unpopular Governor to go.

``Everyone is calling for his head,'' said Barbara Flynn Currie, a leader in the
Illinois state House of Representatives and a fellow Democrat.

President-elect Obama, who rose in the rough world of Chicago politics, has not
been accused of any wrongdoing, but the scandal could prove a headache for him
as he begins his presidency on January 20.

Politicians are seeking to avoid the taint of scandal by association.

Mr Jackson called a press conference in Washington to say he was ``Senate
Candidate 5'' in the Government's criminal complaint -- a man Mr Blagojevich was
secretly recorded as saying might be willing to pay cash in return for
appointment to Mr Obama's vacant Senate seat.

Mr Jackson said he had not engaged ``whatsoever in any wrongdoing.''

Mr Obama joined other prominent Democrats from Illinois in

calling for Mr Blagojevich's resignation.

``The President-elect agrees with Lt-Gov (Pat) Quinn and many others that, under
the current circumstances, it is difficult for the Governor to effectively do
his job and serve the people of Illinois,'' Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said.

Mr Obama resigned from the Senate after his election on November 4.

In excerpts of wiretapped conversations released by prosecutors, Mr Blagojevich
appears to be scheming to profit by offering to sell the seat for campaign cash
or a lucrative job inside or outside government.

State governors are empowered to replace local senators who have stepped down or
died.

But Senate Democrats warned yesterday they would not let that happen.

Mr Blagojevich is charged with conspiracy and solicitation to commit bribery,
punishable by up to 20 years and 10 years in prison respectively.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

SEC Charges Former Brokerage CEO for His Role in Fraudulent Scheme

LENGTH: 498  words


Washington, D.C: Department of Homeland Security has issued following press
release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that the former CEO of a
global investment services firm's brokerage subsidiary agreed to pay more than
$783,000 and admit wrongdoing to settle a case involving employees under his
control misleading customers.

The SEC previously charged ConvergEx Group subsidiaries, which paid $107 million
and admitted wrongdoing to settle the charges.  The SEC also charged two former
employees in that enforcement action, and later separately filed a case against
a different former ConvergEx subsidiary CEO that is pending in federal court.

According to the SEC's complaint against Craig S. Lax filed today in federal
court in Newark, N.J., the ConvergEx subsidiaries under his control engaged in a
scheme that caused customers to pay substantially higher amounts than the
disclosed commissions for buying and selling securities.  The scheme involved
concealing the practice of routing trading orders to an offshore affiliate in
order to take hidden mark-ups and mark-downs commonly referred to as "trading
profits" or "TP."  Lax authorized employees to temporarily suspend taking TP
when a customer asked for a certain report that could reveal the hidden charges.
Lax also authorized the use of a proprietary trading algorithm to hide the
charges from a customer in an otherwise transparent market.  To avoid potential
questions from customers about why one particular trader was located offshore,
Lax requested new business cards falsely indicating the trader was located in
New York.

In settling the SEC's charges, Lax additionally agreed to be barred from the
securities industry for at least five years.

"Senior executives cannot permit deceptive practices by their subordinates,"
said Stephen L. Cohen, an Associate Director in the SEC's Division of
Enforcement.  "Lax not only condoned such conduct, but he specifically
authorized practices that kept customers in the dark."

Lax consented to the entry of a judgment, subject to court approval, permanently
enjoining him from future violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  Lax has entered into an agreement to cooperate in
the SEC's ongoing investigation and pending litigation.  The amount of any
financial penalty to be imposed against Lax in addition to the $783,297 in
disgorgement and prejudgment interest will be determined at a later date.

The SEC's investigation is being conducted by Sarah L. Allgeier, Richard E.
Johnston, and Thomas D. Manganello and supervised by Jennifer S. Leete.
Litigation is being led by Cheryl L. Crumpton and Kyle M. DeYoung.  The SEC
appreciates the assistance of the Fraud Section of the U.S. Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

SEC Charges Former Brokerage CEO for His Role in Fraudulent Scheme

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The Securities and Exchange Commission has issued following press release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that the former CEO of a
global investment services firm's brokerage subsidiary agreed to pay more than
$783,000 and admit wrongdoing to settle a case involving employees under his
control misleading customers.

The SEC previously charged ConvergEx Group subsidiaries, which paid $107 million
and admitted wrongdoing to settle the charges.  The SEC also charged two former
employees in that enforcement action, and later separately filed a case against
a different former ConvergEx subsidiary CEO that is pending in federal court.

According to the SEC's complaint against Craig S. Lax filed today in federal
court in Newark, N.J., the ConvergEx subsidiaries under his control engaged in a
scheme that caused customers to pay substantially higher amounts than the
disclosed commissions for buying and selling securities.  The scheme involved
concealing the practice of routing trading orders to an offshore affiliate in
order to take hidden mark-ups and mark-downs commonly referred to as "trading
profits" or "TP."  Lax authorized employees to temporarily suspend taking TP
when a customer asked for a certain report that could reveal the hidden charges.
Lax also authorized the use of a proprietary trading algorithm to hide the
charges from a customer in an otherwise transparent market.  To avoid potential
questions from customers about why one particular trader was located offshore,
Lax requested new business cards falsely indicating the trader was located in
New York.

In settling the SEC's charges, Lax additionally agreed to be barred from the
securities industry for at least five years.

"Senior executives cannot permit deceptive practices by their subordinates,"
said Stephen L. Cohen, an Associate Director in the SEC's Division of
Enforcement.  "Lax not only condoned such conduct, but he specifically
authorized practices that kept customers in the dark."

Lax consented to the entry of a judgment, subject to court approval, permanently
enjoining him from future violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  Lax has entered into an agreement to cooperate in
the SEC's ongoing investigation and pending litigation.  The amount of any
financial penalty to be imposed against Lax in addition to the $783,297 in
disgorgement and prejudgment interest will be determined at a later date.

The SEC's investigation is being conducted by Sarah L. Allgeier, Richard E.
Johnston, and Thomas D. Manganello and supervised by Jennifer S. Leete.
Litigation is being led by Cheryl L. Crumpton and Kyle M. DeYoung.  The SEC
appreciates the assistance of the Fraud Section of the U.S. Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday
                                2 Tampa Edition

PENSION INQUIRY IS FUEL FOR REFORM

BYLINE: SHANNON COLAVECCHIO

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


State Sen. Dan Gelber, vying to be Florida's next attorney general, says the
proposed anticorruption package he unveiled earlier this week is more vital than
ever in light of confirmation this week that the Securities and Exchange
Commission is investigating possible fraud by the board that oversees the state
pension fund.

The reform package by Gelber, D-Miami Beach, would remove the attorney general
from the State Board of Administration, which now consists of the governor,
attorney general and chief financial officer. Gelber says the attorney general
should have "more arm's length oversight" so he can prosecute wrongdoing.

"Floridians should expect their attorney general to be scrutinizing their
pension fund and protecting them from wrongdoing," Gelber said. His proposal
would replace the attorney general with the commissioner of agriculture.

The federal investigation centers on whether the state and three Wall Street
firms - JPMorgan Chase, Credit Suisse and the now-defunct Lehman Brothers -
misled the public about the risk and liquidity of some of the board's
investments.

The investment fund holds more than $130 billion, including retirement savings
for more than 1 million Floridians. The SBA also manages the Local Government
Investment Pool for cities and counties.

State Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink has been advocating changes since taking
office, and more urgently over the past year as the pension fund fell to a low
of $87 billion and questions arose over its management.

She wants to expand membership of the SBA to add at least one person with
financial expertise and one person who participates in the pension fund. Also,
all trustees would get financial training, and there would be regular external
audits of the pension's management and performance, under her proposal - which
got lukewarm reception from Attorney General Bill McCollum and Gov. Charlie
Crist when she unveiled it at a September Cabinet meeting.

A recent survey of 15 other states' funds found that Florida is unique in its
small governance structure, especially considering it is one of the nation's
largest pension funds.

Also, the survey found Florida is the only state whose governor and attorney
general help oversee the fund. Some ethics watchdogs say the attorney general's
service on the board is a potential conflict.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           August 15, 1991, Thursday

Private eye in pursuit of public demons; Sara Paretsky's tough, vulnerable
detective is the scourge of corporate crime in Chicago, writes Robert Bruce

BYLINE: By ROBERT BRUCE

SECTION: LIVING PAGE; Page 16

LENGTH: 1254 words


IT IS ironic that Chicago, the city once famed for its macho world of stockyards
and gangsters, should find that its most famous fictional private investigator
is a woman.

Through six detective novels, V I Warshawski has fought the evils of her times.
She has battled against medical negligence, real- estate fraudsters,
environmental horrors, insurance scams; all the ways the corporate world gangs
up on the individual.

Flushed with champagne on New Year's Eve, at the age of 31, her creator, Sara
Paretsky, ''made a secret resolution to write a novel in 1979 or send that
fantasy packing''. She chose crime fiction because she ''knew that a story and a
form can carry you through,'' and that she ''might flounder and drown in a
non-genre novel.

''Since reading Chandler for the first time I had wanted to create a woman
private investigator who functioned as a relatively credible human being and not
just as either a virtuous virgin or an evil sex-crazed nymphomaniac.'' V I
Warshawski was born.

Indemnity Only appeared in 1982. Five more have followed: Deadlock, Killing
Orders, Bitter Medicine, Toxic Shock, all in Penguin, and Burn Marks, the most
recent, from Virago. A seventh book is with her publisher.

Now there is even a glossy Hollywood version of the books. Warshawski, starring
Kathleen Turner, has just opened in the US and is due here later in the year.
Like many an author faced with seeing a film based on her characters, Paretsky
is happy with the money and freedom that it has given her while being dubious
about the result. ''After a while I decided that because I'm not very good at
confrontation, I would just draw me a line in the sand and stay on my side of it
and let them stay on their side,'' she said.

Unlike the vigorous V I Warshawski, Sara Paretsky is physically frail,
diffident, shy and unsure of herself. She is self-deprecating and funny. She
grew up in a ''sexist and snotty'' academic world in Kansas, a dramatic contrast
to her first summer in a Chicago turned upside down by Martin Luther King
Junior. These were the days of King's marches for open housing which exposed
just how far Mayor Richard ''Boss'' Daley's Chicago was a city that depended on
the segregation of blacks and whites.

''People had no money, no resources. Their lives were shattered by the politics
of the city, yet every four years they went out and voted for Mayor Daley. I
don't say that is the source of my anger. I think my anger comes from my own
life. But it is what makes me feel that somebody has to be telling people
stories about their city.''

It was an idealistic time. ''There was a sense that if you put enough energy in,
then you could fix things,'' she said. But the difficulties were plain. Up on
the West Side, where unemployment and drug use create a terrifying wilderness,
she met a woman who was a Presbyterian minister. ''This was in 1966 and she said
that we just have to write off this generation of young people because they're
already ruined. I was 19. It was a shocker for me. I couldn't bear hearing her
say that.

''But now we're more than two generations on, and it's worse. The schools are so
abysmal it makes me want to sit down and howl sometimes.''

V I Warshawski is very much the lone woman fighting against the corporate
jungle. She is as tough, brisk and wise-cracking as all private eyes
traditionally are. In Indemnity Only, her first client shows up, takes a look at
her business card and asks ''What does the V stand for?''. ''My first name,''
comes the reply. Typically, she takes on the evils of her Chicago patch. ''Not
every corporation is ruthless, evil or immoral,'' says Paretsky. ''But the
potential for damaging enormous numbers of people is much greater for a
corporation than it is for some poor two-bit punk out on the West Side who
shoots someone. I don't want to minimise the misery of that, either. But we'll
send that punk to jail for 40 to 60 years and if he's truly heinous we'll
execute him, whereas the white-collar criminals often don't do time at all.''

Superficially, Paretsky has none of the anger that drives Warshawski to expose
the nastiness beneath the surface sheen of Chicago's success. With the author it
goes deeper: she is writing to create self-esteem.

''I grew up in a family of considerable violence, and a lot of unpleasant things
went on. It's hard to leave that behind and think that what I do is ever really
worthwhile.'' She laughs and apologises for sounding corny. ''But it's right. My
father comes from eastern European immigrants. He grew up in poverty and squalor
and Jewish orthodoxy in Brooklyn.

''My mother comes from an old WASP family which had been in this country for 350
years. I think to her he looked exotic; she'd never seen a Jew before. And to
him she must have looked like Faye Dunaway. But as soon as they got together it
was like oil and fire . . .'' Paretsky breaks off to give her impression of a
huge explosion.

In the books Warshawski's long-dead parents are Polish Catholic and Italian
Jewish. ''I always felt I was only Jewish from the waist up,'' says Paretsky.
''So I gave Warshawski this mixed background in the hope that by writing about
it I could resolve it.

''But it doesn't work that way. I ended up creating an idealised situation, not
my life at all.''

She now regrets that in the first book she decided that Warshawski's mother had
been long-dead and that Warshawski had in effect been an orphan. ''I think what
I like is the strength and support she had, even though her mother died when she
was young. I probably wouldn't have killed her mother if I'd been more
confident. I worried so much about being able to write the book that I used up
all the conventions of the detective story in my first book.''

Unlike the traditional private eye V I is in need of much support and is happy
to admit it. A series of characters sustain her, from elderly neighbours through
Sal the bartender at the Golden Glow to Lotty Herschel, who runs a medical
clinic for the poor of Chicago. Emotional dependence runs like a lifeline
through V I's weary battles.

But Paretsky's own demons remain, made worse when a back treatment went wrong.
For a while they thought she wouldn't walk again.

On a fictional level it complicates her determination to have Warshawski age
through the series. ''When your body has become as frail as mine has over the
years it's hard to gauge it right,'' she says. ''You don't want her to be a
superhero but at the same time I don't want to accelerate her decay quite as
fast as has happened for me.''

The other problem is simply getting the books written. ''There are writers who
are under contract who do a book a year,'' she said. ''I'm a little envious of
that. I had an algebra teacher in high school who always told us to use our
brains to solve problems and not brute strength and awkwardness.

''I think of that probably a hundred times a week and think 'brute strength and
awkwardness, Paretsky, that's what you're doing'. And I don't know why. I'm like
somebody who's in a fight with myself all the time.''

So the writing and the fighting will continue. ''It's trying to make the story
work that's a nightmare,'' she says. ''But when you can just sit and tell
stories about people's lives it's pure fun.''

Sara Paretsky will be signing books at Books Etc in Fleet Street, London EC4,
tomorrow from 1 to 2pm; she will also be discussing her work at the Edinburgh
Festival Book Festival on Saturday. Telephone 031- 220 4067 for details.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 5, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

FleetBoston Lawsuit Dismissed

BYLINE:  Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 4


A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit against the FleetBoston Financial
Corporation, ruling that the Truth in Lending Act did not bar banks from using
"bait and switch" tactics to entice new customers.

In a lawsuit that sought class-action status, Paula E. Rossman of Washington
State said she signed up for a Fleet Platinum MasterCard in late 1999 after
receiving a written offer from the bank promising that no annual fee would be
charged on the card.

Six months later, Fleet imposed a $35 annual fee, Ms. Rossman said in her suit.

Judge Bruce W. Kauffman of United States District Court in Philadelphia said in
his ruling, issued last week, that Fleet "unquestionably engaged in wrongdoing"
if it lured customers with favorable terms that it intended to change, but that
"wrongdoing alone does not automatically trigger application of the provisions"
of the Truth in Lending Act.

"Fleet's disclosures in late 1999 were accurate with respect to the terms
offered at that time," the judge ruled, and even if the plaintiff could prove
her accusation that Fleet planned all along to change the terms, that would not
make the disclosures inaccurate under the act.

Ms. Rossman's lawyer, Michael D. Donovan, said that he intended to appeal the
ruling and that similar suits were pending against Fleet in courts in
Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.

"The decision guts the Truth in Lending Act," Mr. Donovan said. "The decision
overlooks major amendments that were adopted by Congress to prohibit precisely
what Fleet has done."

Shares of FleetBoston Financial, which was created with Fleet's 1999 acquisition
of BankBoston, rose $2.50, or 6.3 percent, to $42.50.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 19, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FRANCIS HERNANDEZ TRIAL Defense hits hard at police errors Hernandez's attorneys
meet with a detective who is expected to testify today about alleged wrongdoing.

BYLINE: Carlos Illescas The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 505 words


CENTENNIAL - Defense attorneys for Francis Hernandez met behind closed doors
Thursday for 1 1/2 hours with an Aurora police detective who was told not to
work on the case but did so anyway because "she was afraid he would be released
from jail." .

That detective, Pat Hardin, is expected to testify today to alleged police
wrongdoing in the investigation.

"Detective Hardin had a lot to say," defense attorney Chris Baumann said of the
private meeting.

Hernandez faces 19 charges in connection with a collision outside an Aurora ice
cream shop that killed three people Sept. 4, 2008.

Aurora police Officer John "Chris" Falco, too, is expected to deliver more
testimony damaging to the prosecution.

According to a police memo, some of which was revealed in court Thursday, Falco
approached Aurora police recently with suspicions of wrongdoing. At that time,
Falco, who was being disciplined, said he thought lead detective Johnny Lee
intentionally deleted an arrest affidavit from the department's computer system.

"I don't think Detective Lee is being truthful," Falco said, according to the
memo.

This week, Lee testified that he accidentally deleted the arrest affidavit and
that he had provided "inaccurate evidence" in the warrant.

On the stand Wednesday, Lee said he failed to include in the document that a
witness reported seeing two people in Hernandez's Suburban after the crash.

That information is key to Hernandez's defense team, which has suggested that
someone else might have been driving the Suburban when it crashed into a small
pickup driven by Patricia Guntharp, 49, sending it careening into a
Baskin-Robbins.

The collision killed Guntharp and her passenger, Debra Serecky, 51. Marten
Kudlis, 3, who was in the ice cream shop with his mother, also died. Police say
Hernandez was driving more than 70 mph when his vehicle hit Guntharp's.

The credibility of the Aurora Police Department has come under fire in court in
the past several days, and it seems to be swaying the jury. Many of the
questions the jurors have asked witnesses through the judge seem to be about a
possible second person in the Suburban.

On Wednesday night, Aurora police Officer Javen Harper, on the advice of his
lieutenant, contacted the district attorney's office, saying he had concerns
that Lee could potentially be covering up evidence.

During testimony Thursday, Harper said that about a week after the crash, he
found the affidavit on the computer.

The affidavit had Lee's name on it, but the body of the affidavit was empty. He
said he became suspicious because it had been marked as "junk" in the system.

Lee told him that was the common practice in the fraud unit where he had
previously worked.

Three weeks ago, Harper said, he was contacted by his lieutenant, who wanted to
know about the incident because Aurora police were conducting an internal
investigation regarding Lee's conduct.

It was not clear why Aurora police did not advise prosecutors sooner about the
internal investigation.

Carlos Illescas: 303-954-1175

or cillescas@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  COURIER MAIL

                           February 11, 2006 Saturday
                          First with the news Edition

Giant insurer pays $2b settlement

BYLINE: Ed Leefeldt

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 470  words


AMERICAN International Group, the world's largest insurer by market value, has
agreed to pay $US1.64 billion ($A2.2 billion) to settle charges of fraud,
bid-rigging and improper accounting, the biggest regulatory settlement by a
single company in US history.

The settlement with New York Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer and State Insurance
Superintendent Howard Mills, the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the
Justice Department ends a long-running investigation of the company and was
widely anticipated.

It does not resolve pending cases against former AIG chief executive Maurice
''Hank'' Greenberg and former chief financial officer Howard Smith, who were
forced out last spring. Both have denied any wrongdoing.

''AIG today is a better company for all that we have been through,'' said Martin
Sullivan, who replaced Mr Greenberg as chief executive. The company will take a
$US1.15 billion after-tax charge for the fourth quarter of 2005 for the
settlement.

It also said it ''regrets and apologises'' for its conduct and said providing
incorrect information to investors and regulators was ''wrong''.

In settling, Mr Spitzer pointed the finger directly at Mr Greenberg, who built
AIG over nearly four decades, and Mr Smith.

''There are some who continue to deny there was any wrongdoing at the company,''
the Attorney-General said in New York City.

''I think the facts are overwhelming in establishing that -- from the highest
levels of AIG -- there was an intent to misrepresent its financial condition.''

A spokesman for Mr Greenberg maintained that any suggestion the former CEO was
involved in wrongdoing was false. A lawyer for Mr Smith could not immediately be
reached for comment.

Mr Spitzer said AIG's new management had ''done a spectacular job'' of
co-operating with investigators and instituting reforms.

The settlement tops the $US850 million that Marsh & McLennan, the insurance
broker once run by Mr Greenberg's son Jeffrey, agreed to pay to resolve
bid-rigging accusations by Mr Spitzer.

It also tops the $750 million penalty that the SEC imposed against WorldCom for
accounting fraud.

''This settlement removes the largest cloud overhanging the company,'' said Rob
Haines, an analyst with CreditSights.

AIG will pay $US800 million to a fund for investors deceived by its false
financial statements, including a $US100 million SEC penalty.

Policyholders harmed by bid-rigging will receive $US375 million. Another $US344
million will go to states harmed by AIG's understating of workers' compensation
premiums.

New York fined AIG $US100 million, and the Justice Department fined it $US25
million.

AIG agreed not to pay contingent commissions for certain types of insurance, and
said it would support legislation to end them.

Such commissions involve brokers and insurers rewarding each other for steering
business.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Fired president's lawsuit is latest chapter in Starkey hearing aids feud

BYLINE: By Jaime DeLage jdelage@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; West Metro; Business

LENGTH: 499 words


The recently fired president of Starkey Laboratories is suing the company,
claiming he was wrongfully terminated and defamed after reporting wrongdoing by
company founder William Austin and vice president Brandon Sawalich, Austin's
stepson.

Jerry Ruzicka filed suit against the Eden Prairie maker of hearing aids Friday
in Hennepin County District Court. Separately, he filed for arbitration over
millions of dollars in deferred compensation he says he is owed under his last
10-year contract.

Ruzicka was fired and escorted from company property Sept. 8. A company
communication shortly afterward said Ruzicka was the subject of "an ongoing
investigation," and Ruzicka's home was searched by the FBI and other federal
agencies Nov. 4.

In his lawsuit, Ruzicka claims he was terminated because he reported
improprieties by Austin and Sawalich to company executives. He said Austin
falsely claimed to be a resident of Texas to avoid paying Minnesota taxes and
once told Ruzicka that, in business, there should be two documents: one kept in
the drawer and the other for the tax man.

Ruzicka claimed the company spent millions on endeavors that had no commercial
value, including $50 million on unprofitable TV and film productions by another
of Austin's stepsons. Austin and Sawalich diverted company funds to another
Sawalich business in Illinois, remodeling Sawalich's home and frequent
non-business travel, Ruzicka's suit alleges.

The suit also says Austin fits hearing aids for clients even though he is not
licensed to do so in Minnesota. That activity has led to claims in excess of
$4.5 million for damage to customers' ears, Ruzicka said.

Following Ruzicka's termination, Austin and Sawalich told company employees that
Starkey had been the victim of wrongdoing and criminal behavior by Ruzicka, the
lawsuit says.

Starkey attorney David Bradley Olsen on Friday said that after the November raid
on Ruzicka's home, the FBI notified the company that it was the victim of
possible criminal activity.

"We are confident that the investigation will show that Ruzicka abused the trust
that was placed in him by, among other things, stealing millions of dollars from
the company and its employees over a period of several years," Olsen said in a
statement to media. "Ruzicka's civil lawsuit will succeed neither in diverting
attention from his own conduct nor delaying the inevitable."

Ruzicka claims Austin and Sawalich want to diminish his credibility because they
knew he explored going into business distributing hearing aids after his Starkey
contract ended in January 2016.

"Mr. Ruzicka has continually denied and continues to deny that he committed any
improprieties or wrongdoing and believes that the accusations made by Starkey,
and now Starkey's attorney, are false, inaccurate and defamatory," said
Ruzicka's attorney Marshall Tanick. "They compound the harm he has suffered
because of the wrongful termination."

Jaime DeLage can be reached at 651-228-5450. Follow him at
Twitter.com/JaimeDeLage .

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Kensington chief cleared of wrongdoing by DA

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 733 words


A pair of letters from Contra Costa County assistant District Attorney Steven J.
Moawad clearing Kensington police chief and general manager Greg Harmon and Sgt.
Ricky Hull of criminal wrongdoing may do little to calm the controversy the
chief and Kensington Police Protection and Community Services District (KPPCSD)
board member Cathie Kosel.

Kosel asked the district attorney's office to investigate allegations that
Harmon had misused his district-issued credit card and that Hull had attempted
to intimidate Kosel by driving at her at a high rate of speed before making a
U-turn in her neighborhood.

Harmon said the district attorney's letters cleared his name.

"The original articles go out there and kind of cast a negative shadow over me
and my reputation," he said. "It has taken a while, but I'm still trying to
clear it."

Kosel disputed the claim that Harmon and Hull had been cleared. She pointed out
the language used simply said "I find insufficient evidence to support"
allegations of wrongdoing was used in each letter.

"In my view, Mr. Harmon did something wrong," Kosel said. "He spent a heck of a
lot of money."

Complicating matters further is that Kosel is up for re-election in November,
along with board President Chuck Toombs. Three other candidates are running for
the two seats. Kosel and board member Mari Metcalf, who is not up for
re-election, have been a consistent minority on the five-member board.

Toombs said that prior to Kosel taking her complaints to the district attorney's
office, the KPPCSD audited the questioned charges twice.

"I was disappointed we had to go down that route," Toombs said. "We had our own
company auditors do a review of the chief's finances and they didn't find
anything wrong. Then we did an external audit by Hemming Morse and they didn't
find anything wrong."

Kosel said Harmon reimbursed the district for personal charges after the fact.

"Reimbursing it after you're caught -- no good," she said. "He should be fired
in my book. I don't think there are many private employers or public employers
who would tolerate that, particularly at the top of the organization."

Harmon countered that "It has been constant harassment from this woman since the
day she took office (following Kosel's election in November of 2008). She has
cost the district hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees and
investigative fees. I'm just tired of it."

Harmon said that the time he has had to spend responding to Kosel's allegations,
as well as public records requests that she has made, impacts his ability to do
his job.

"Most of my time, I'm responding to allegations that her and her supporters
make," he said. "So much time is spent by me and the other three board members
responding that we can't do the district's business. It's time we'll never get
back."

Kosel said she is simply doing her job.

When asked what she would say to people who think she is wasting district
resources, she replied, "I would ask them if they would just like all of us to
blink at the fact that their money is being spent inappropriately. I was hired
to be a member of an oversight board and I'm providing oversight. Do they want
me to close my eyes? I'm not going to close my eyes. If they re-elect me, I'm
providing oversight."

The accusation against Hull was that he was attempting to intimidate Kosel.
According to Harmon, Hull was responding to a burglary call when he made the
U-turn on Kosel's street. The letter from Moawad stated, "the documented calls
for service and dispatch recordings and logs corroborate that Kensington Police
Protection and Community Services District officers were involved in another
case at or near the time of alleged incident."

Kosel doesn't buy that explanation. She said Hull was driving 40-45 miles per
hour directly at her, then screeched to a halt eight feet from her before
heading back down the street at 15 miles per hour.

"He was going fast at me and slow away from me," she said. "It's kind of the
reverse of what it should be. He should have been going slowly at me and fast
away from me."

Kosel said she emailed Harmon immediately and didn't hear back for 30 days.

"Why didn't Harmon pick up the phone and say, 'Sorry, here's what's going on.'
Or why didn't Hull come back and say, 'I'm sorry, I must have really scared you,
here's what's going on.' But they didn't bother. So they are responsible for the
escalation of that incident."---

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Kensington chief cleared of wrongdoing by DA

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


A pair of letters from Contra Costa County assistant District Attorney Steven J.
Moawad clearing Kensington police chief and general manager Greg Harmon and Sgt.
Ricky Hull of criminal wrongdoing may do little to calm the controversy the
chief and Kensington Police Protection and Community Services District (KPPCSD)
board member Cathie Kosel.

Kosel asked the district attorney's office to investigate allegations that
Harmon had misused his district-issued credit card and that Hull had attempted
to intimidate Kosel by driving at her at a high rate of speed before making a
U-turn in her neighborhood.

Harmon said the district attorney's letters cleared his name.

"The original articles go out there and kind of cast a negative shadow over me
and my reputation," he said. "It has taken a while, but I'm still trying to
clear it."

Kosel disputed the claim that Harmon and Hull had been cleared. She pointed out
the language used simply said "I find insufficient evidence to support"
allegations of wrongdoing was used in each letter.

"In my view, Mr. Harmon did something wrong," Kosel said. "He spent a heck of a
lot of money."

Complicating matters further is that Kosel is up for re-election in November,
along with board President Chuck Toombs. Three other candidates are running for
the two seats. Kosel and board member Mari Metcalf, who is not up for
re-election, have been a consistent minority on the five-member board.

Toombs said that prior to Kosel taking her complaints to the district attorney's
office, the KPPCSD audited the questioned charges twice.

"I was disappointed we had to go down that route," Toombs said. "We had our own
company auditors do a review of the chief's finances and they didn't find
anything wrong. Then we did an external audit by Hemming Morse and they didn't
find anything wrong."

Kosel said Harmon reimbursed the district for personal charges after the fact.

"Reimbursing it after you're caught -- no good," she said. "He should be fired
in my book. I don't think there are many private employers or public employers
who would tolerate that, particularly at the top of the organization."

Harmon countered that "It has been constant harassment from this woman since the
day she took office (following Kosel's election in November of 2008). She has
cost the district hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees and
investigative fees. I'm just tired of it."

Harmon said that the time he has had to spend responding to Kosel's allegations,
as well as public records requests that she has made, impacts his ability to do
his job.

"Most of my time, I'm responding to allegations that her and her supporters
make," he said. "So much time is spent by me and the other three board members
responding that we can't do the district's business. It's time we'll never get
back."

Kosel said she is simply doing her job.

When asked what she would say to people who think she is wasting district
resources, she replied, "I would ask them if they would just like all of us to
blink at the fact that their money is being spent inappropriately. I was hired
to be a member of an oversight board and I'm providing oversight. Do they want
me to close my eyes? I'm not going to close my eyes. If they re-elect me, I'm
providing oversight."

The accusation against Hull was that he was attempting to intimidate Kosel.
According to Harmon, Hull was responding to a burglary call when he made the
U-turn on Kosel's street. The letter from Moawad stated, "the documented calls
for service and dispatch recordings and logs corroborate that Kensington Police
Protection and Community Services District officers were involved in another
case at or near the time of alleged incident."

Kosel doesn't buy that explanation. She said Hull was driving 40-45 miles per
hour directly at her, then screeched to a halt eight feet from her before
heading back down the street at 15 miles per hour.

"He was going fast at me and slow away from me," she said. "It's kind of the
reverse of what it should be. He should have been going slowly at me and fast
away from me."

Kosel said she emailed Harmon immediately and didn't hear back for 30 days.

"Why didn't Harmon pick up the phone and say, 'Sorry, here's what's going on.'
Or why didn't Hull come back and say, 'I'm sorry, I must have really scared you,
here's what's going on.' But they didn't bother. So they are responsible for the
escalation of that incident."

---

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 21, 2000 Friday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 688 words


WE'LL MISS KERREY

One cannot argue with Sen. Bob Kerrey's decision not to seek a third term in the
Senate. One can be sad about it. Kerrey has devoted a large portion of his life
to public service and has done it with grace, charm and intellect.

I am a former Nebraskan with strong loyalties to the state. For all of us Kerrey
has been a source of pride. His courageous stands on issues that were not always
popular among the electorate demonstrated his independence and his integrity.

All Nebraskans should thank the senator for his devotion to the people he served
and for the manner in which he served. He set a standard by which any future
Nebraska governor or senator will be judged -- a standard of accomplishment,
dedication and humility. This country will surely miss his presence on the floor
of the Senate.

Rabbi Morris J. Allen, Mendota Heights, Minn.

CORPORATE IMMUNITY

Thomas F. Harrison wrote that "Americans are no longer taking out their anger
about corporate wrongdoing at the ballot box; now they're doing it in the jury
box" (LJS, Jan. 15). When at both national and state levels we have lawmakers
and administrators that won't confront corporate wrongdoing, why wouldn't juries
try to redress the balance?

But in George W. Bush's Texas, corporate wealth has so corrupted the
civil-justice system and so controlled lawmaking, that when juries there even
attempt to redress wrongs the courts rule them out of order (see the article by
Robert Sherrill in The Nation, Jan. 24). And if Bush becomes president, won't he
and his corporate allies work to pass legislation and appoint judges so as to
achieve the same corporate immunity for the whole nation?

Robert Narveson, Lincoln

PLATE PROBLEM

Last October I licensed my Mazda pickup at the tag station at 47th and R
streets. Yesterday I received a letter saying that I was given the wrong type of
plates for my truck and that I needed to bring the plates back to the station
and exchange them for the right plates. Also I would have to pay any additional
taxes that may be due. I can understand mistakes being made due to the large
volume of plates being issued, but the treatment I received is another story.

When I went back to exchange the plates I complained about having to take time
off from work to correct a problem that I did not cause. I was met with replies
like, "Well, didn't you look at the plates when you got them?" as if it were my
irresponsibility that caused the problem. And, "We're going to make mistakes
like this with as many plates as we do in a day."

Isn't there a system of checks and balances in place to ensure that proper tags
are given out? If I had been stopped by a police officer I would have received a
ticket for improper registration. Personnel in the business of serving the
people that pay their wages through tax dollars should be a little more
sensitive to the needs of the taxpayer. I ended up losing half a day's wages
because of their mistake as I had to take time off from work, and all I get is,
"Well, didn't you look at the plates when you got them?"

Rick Lottman, Lincoln

ROTTEN THIEF

It's been almost two weeks since I went to Payless and purchased seven sheets of
plywood. I thought it might blow off so I put a Venetian blind, a shovel, a
scraper and a doorstop from the pickup on the plywood.

Upon leaving Payless I went south to Cornhusker Highway and turned left. Three
pieces of plywood slid out. I wasn't aware of this until someone drove up and
honked and said, "You lost some of your plywood."

I was about two blocks away and the traffic was heavy. When I could get turned
around and get back to 27th and Cornhusker I found someone had tossed the broken
plywood to the side of the road, loaded up the Venetian blind, shovel, scraper
and doorstop and left.

I hope your children were not with you, because if they think Dad can steal and
get away with it, they'll ask, "Why can't I?"

My phone number is in Lost and Found if you would like to return the plywood and
other things. I will pay the reward.

If you intend to keep it, I hope you rot in hell, because that is where people
who steal should be.

Kenneth G. Stickney, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 24, 2017 Friday
                                  Main Edition

CITY HALL BRIBERY CASE;
Miss. bid case spurs questions in Atlanta

BYLINE: J. Scott Trubey and Dan Klepal; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1475 words



HIGHLIGHT: Watershed chief came to Atlanta as allegations swirled in Jackson.


JACKSON, MISS.--A former Jackson contracting official says she was interviewed
by the FBI in November 2015 about alleged bid-steering in municipal contracts,
including accusations of wrongdoing against former public works director Kishia
Powell, who now serves as watershed commissioner in Atlanta.

Former Jackson Equal Business Opportunity Manager Stephanie Coleman and her
lawyer told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and Channel 2 Action News she was
interviewed by the FBI months after she said she was fired by the city for
blowing the whistle on contracting misconduct.

Coleman said the FBI also questioned her about Mitzi Bickers, an Atlanta
political operative and former city employee who has emerged as a subject of the
federal cash-for-contracts investigation in Atlanta that occurred from 2010 to
2015.

The FBI's questions about Powell concerned what Coleman knew about allegations
that Powell steered bids to supporters of Jackson Mayor Tony Yarber, Coleman
said.

"I'm not saying that I heard that she was steering contracts, I'm saying I was
in there when she steered contracts," Coleman said of Powell. "I'm sitting there
... and I'm hearing (her) say,'We will not work with this company, we will not
do that. And I need you all to score these (bid) sheets again and we're not
leaving until we do.'"

Powell, through her attorney, has denied wrongdoing and she is not a defendant
in Coleman's lawsuit. Her lawyer said that Powell has not been interviewed by
the FBI, and it's unclear if the bureau's examination of Jackson contracting
issues remains active.

A spokesman for the FBI in Jackson said he could neither confirm nor deny an
inquiry, citing agency policy, and the legal department for the city of Jackson
said the city had not received any subpoenas or requests for interviews from
federal authorities.

Coleman's allegations add color to those that she made in a federal lawsuit
early this month. They include a claim that Powell helped steer a bid on a major
sewer contract toward a group that included Bickers, who worked on Yarber's 2014
mayoral campaign.

Her allegations also raise questions about how Powell came to be Atlanta's
watershed director in June 2016, and what Mayor Kasim Reed knew about the claims
of wrongdoing when he offered her the $185,000-a-year job.

While Coleman's conversations with the FBI were not public knowledge, some of
her bid-steering allegations were published online by the Clarion-Ledger
newspaper in Jackson on April 15, 2016, the same month Powell's attorney told
the AJC that she began discussions with Atlanta human resources about the
watershed position.

According to a copy of Powell's personnel file, released by Atlanta City Hall on
Thursday, the city's human resources department formally offered her the
watershed job in a letter dated May 20, 2016, the day before Reed announced the
firing of Jo Ann Macrina, the previous watershed director, in press release.

Powell resigned from her post in Jackson one week later on May 28, according to
the Clarion-Ledger.

Juan Thomas, Powell's attorney, said Powell interviewed with senior Atlanta
staff and Reed before resigning her position in Jackson and accepting the
Atlanta job, which was publicly announced June 1.

Jenna Garland, a spokeswoman for Reed, said the city was not aware of the
allegations in Jackson before hiring Powell.

"Mayor Reed reviewed resumes for multiple candidates for this position," Garland
said. "He had heard for several years very favorable recommendations for Kishia
Powell and her abilities. Mayor Reed invited Ms. Powell in for an interview and
she was ultimately offered the position."

Powell's employment offer was "contingent upon [Powell's] successful completion
of [a] background check," including a review of her prior employment, education,
references and a search for any criminal history, according to her personnel
file.

A copy of Powell's background check was not included in the documents the city
released Thursday.

In a document titled "New Hire Employment Checklist," the box for background
check was not marked. But Powell's employment package delivered to the Atlanta
City Council on June 20, 2016, included a notation from Human Resources Director
Yvonne Yancy that Powell went through a background check and that she passed it.

An AJC request for a copy of the background check is pending.

In a press conference earlier this month, Reed said he hired Powell based upon
the recommendation of two mayors and two engineers. Garland declined requests by
the AJC to name any of those individuals.

Garland said Bickers was not one of the people Reed spoke to about Powell, and
that Powell was previously a finalist for the job in 2014 when Reed picked
Macrina. Thomas, Powell's attorney, said Powell does not know Bickers personally
and only met her once she started work as the public works director in Jackson.

The watershed department, the city's second largest, is arguably one of the most
important. The 1,600 employees oversee waterand sewer services for the city, and
the department annually handles hundreds of millions of dollars in contracts.

At a news conference earlier this month, Reed said, "Kishia Powell has my
confidence" and he praised her for doing "a phenomenal job."

"You can basically make any claim that you want in a lawsuit in Mississippi,"
Reed said. "So I don't have any intention of throwing Kishia Powell under the
bus."

Bid sheets changed, Coleman alleges

After she lost her job in Jackson, Coleman found work as the city clerk in Moss
Point, Miss., near the Gulf Coast city of Biloxi.

She sat down for a recorded interview with the AJC and Channel 2 last week with
her attorney in Jackson.

Coleman told reporters that the FBI quizzed her closely about her interactions
with Powell and Bickers.

"They asked about the connection of Kishia Powell and Mitzi (Bickers), they
asked if I thought Kishia was trying to steer contracts," she said.

Wilson Carroll, Coleman's attorney, told the AJC and Channel 2 that he was made
aware of an FBI inquiry months before his client's November 2015 interview with
federal agents.Coleman said she has not talked to the FBI since the interview.

In her lawsuit, Coleman contends that Powell attempted to steer a $15 million
sludge hauling contract to a group that included Mayor Yarber's campaign finance
chairman.

Coleman said Powell was among a group of evaluators who pressured other members
of a bid committee to pick a group politically tied to Yarber over a competing
team. The second team's bid was more than $1 million cheaper, and the group
earned higher marks on evaluators' initial scoring sheets, Coleman said.

But Powell had the evaluators redo their scores multiple times, Coleman said.

Later, when word surfaced in Jackson that scoring sheets allegedly had been
changed, Coleman's lawsuit said Yarber confronted her and told her to take the
responsibility for changing scores "because she had nothing to lose." Powell
could lose her license as an engineer if it was learned she had altered the
scores, Yarber told Coleman, according to the lawsuit.

Coleman said she told the mayor she didn't change scores and wouldn't accept the
blame.

Carroll, Coleman's attorney, said the matrix that was used to score the cost of
both proposals was changed, which lessened an advantage the low bidder had over
the other group. Carroll said Powell had control over that aspect of the
evaluation.

Questions about Bickers

Thomas, Powell's attorney, denied anything improper. In a statement, he said a
correction was made to the matrix formula by a consultant, but Powell did not
order evaluators to change their scores to steer the contract.

The Jackson City Council ultimately decided not to go forward with the
recommended bidder.

In her lawsuit, Coleman also alleged that Bickers, the Atlanta political
operative, wanted to meet to discuss getting certification as a disadvantaged
business to win city contracts. Bickers is not a defendant in the suit.

At a dinner meeting, the conversation quickly drifted to an alleged admission by
Bickers that she wanted Coleman to help craft her applications to make them
appear legitimate.

Coleman alleged Bickers said that Yarber promised her a piece of a substantial
waterworks management contract for helping Yarber get elected.

"She basically told me that the mayor had promised her the ... project," Coleman
told the AJC and Channel 2.

But Coleman said Bickers submitted documents for newly formed companies that
didn't meet city standards for disadvantaged certification. Coleman said she
raised red flags with Jackson City Council about Bickers and alleged steering of
the sewer contract. The project was eventually re-bid.

Coleman's lawsuit against the city of Jackson and Yarber also cites sexual
harassment and sexual discrimination in her firing. The city and Yarber have
declined to comment, citing the pending litigation.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

Education Affiliates reaches $13 million settlement with DOJ

BYLINE: Steve Lash

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 657  words


A White Marsh-based operator of vocational schools nationwide will pay the U.S.
government $13 million to settle allegations that it filed claims for student
loans for pupils it knew, through its own alleged wrongdoing, were unqualified
to be in its programs for high-school graduates.

Education Affiliates Inc. inflated test results for admission to its programs,
created fraudulent high-school diplomas, referred prospective students to
"diploma mills" and falsified student aid applications, the Justice Department
alleged under the federal False Claims Act. Education Affiliates admitted no
wrongdoing in agreeing to the settlement announced last week.

The accord also resolves five whistleblower lawsuits brought against Education
Affiliates in federal district courts in Maryland, Texas, Alabama, Ohio and
Tennessee.

"Students who apply for federal financial aid to attend trade and professional
schools are required to show that they have the necessary skills to complete the
educational program and work in the field," Maryland U.S. Attorney Rod J.
Rosenstein said in a statement. "This settlement resolves the government's
allegations that Education Affiliates defrauded the government by changing
students' test scores and enrolling students with invalid diploma mill
high-school 'diplomas' ordered online. "

Neither Education Affiliates' president, Duncan M. Anderson, nor Stephen J.
Budosh, the company's chief financial officer, returned telephone messages
seeking comment Tuesday.

Education Affiliates' alleged wrongdoing came to light in a whistleblower
lawsuit filed five years ago by Shelley Roman in U.S. District Court in
Baltimore. Roman, who worked in the admissions office of EA-operated All-State
Career School in Baltimore from July 2006 to March 2010, alleged that she and
other admissions representatives were promoted and received salary increases
based solely on the number of students they enrolled, regardless of whether the
students were truly qualified and could succeed in the training program once
admitted.

Roman's attorney, Stephen B. Lebau, praised his client Tuesday for her
willingness to step forward.

"It's a good civics lesson," said Lebau, of Lebau & Neuworth LLC in Towson. "The
False Claims Act is to protect the government from fraud, and the citizens who
complain about it, and to save taxpayers' money. "

Four other whistleblowers subsequently brought suit under the act. In all five
cases, the Justice Department exercised its option under the False Claims Act to
take over the case as plaintiff and provide a percentage of the government's
recovery to the parties who initially brought the case.

In this case, the five whistleblowers will share about $1.8 million, or 13.8
percent of the $13 million settlement, the Justice Department stated.

The settlement came about two years after two employees of and a test proctor
for All-State pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the student financial-aid
program.

All-State admissions representatives Barry Sugarman and Raymond Moore Sr.
admitted to having asked proctor Jacqualyn Sue Caldwell, the keeper of the
entrance examination's answer key, to change incorrect student responses to
ensure passing grades. Caldwell admitted to having complied with the request.

Between 2008 and 2011, Caldwell changed the answer sheets for about 170
students, of whom 102 enrolled at All-State and became eligible for financial
aid, according to the Justice Department. About 72 of those students did receive
financial aid totaling about $572,255, the department added.

Other trade schools operated by Education Affiliates include Fortis Institute,
Fortis College, Tri-State Business Inc., Technical Career Institute Inc., Capps
College Inc., Driveco CDL Learning Center, Denver School of Nursing and Saint
Paul's School of Nursing.



http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 421 words


NASCAR fight suspensions

CHARLOTTE | NASCAR has suspended the two Richard Childress Racing crew members
arrested for fighting with driver Nelson Piquet Jr. at Richmond.

Thomas Costello and Michael Searce were both suspended for four Nationwide
Series races and fined $15,000 each Tuesday. They were also placed on probation
until the end of the year for the altercation in the motorhome lot after Friday
night's race.

The altercation happened long after Scott and Piquet tangled on pit road after
the race. Scott approached Piquet, and Piquet shoved him and kicked Scott in the
groin. Piquet and Scott were placed on probation until June 26, as were their
respective crew chiefs.

Duke: No wrongdoing

DURHAM | Duke says the NCAA did not find any wrongdoing after looking into a
jewelry purchase of nearly $100,000 by a basketball player on the Blue Devils'
most recent national championship team.

Former player Lance Thomas was sued in a Texas court for failing to pay a
balance of nearly $68,000 for jewelry he purchased from a New York jeweler in
December 2009 - 3  1/2 months before the Blue Devils won their fourth national
title. Thomas was the starting power forward on that team.

Vijay Singh cleared of doping

CHARLOTTE | Vijay Singh no longer faces any sanction for using deer antler
spray.

The PGA Tour said Tuesday it was dropping the case against the three-time major
champion. Tour commissioner Tim Finchem says new information from the World
Anti-Doping Agency indicates that using deer antler spray is no longer
considered prohibited.

The tour confirmed that the spray Singh used contained IGF-1, an insulin-like
growth hormone that is on the tour's list of banned substances. Singh was
appealing tour sanctions under the anti-doping policy when WADA clarified its
position.

Jaguars' Blackmon suspended

JACKSONVILLE, FLA. | The NFL has suspended Jacksonville Jaguars wide receiver
Justin Blackmon for the first four games of the 2013 regular season for a
violation of the league's substance abuse policies. Blackmon was a first-round
draft choice in 2012 out of Oklahoma State. Last season he caught 64 passes for
865 yards and five TDs.

Pitt football dismissals made

PITTSBURGH | Pittsburgh football coach Paul Chryst has dismissed two players and
suspended another indefinitely after they were charged with possession of drug
paraphenalia. Another player was suspended after he was charged with assault.

Tight end Drew Carswell and defensive back Eric Williams were cut from the team.
Khaynin Mosley-Smith was suspended.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

TEA: Letters outline sanctions for EPISD employees

BYLINE: By Andrew Kreighbaum \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


The Texas Education Agency is in the process of letting several current and
former El Paso Independent School District educators know that they are facing
sanctions for alleged roles in wrongdoing at the district.

The agency will not disclose which educators, or how many, face sanctions
because that process is ongoing, said spokeswoman DeEtta Culbertson. Individuals
are receiving letters including a scheduled date and time during which they can
present their side to TEA lawyers who will decide if the case should receive an
administrative hearing.

The letters are the latest step in ongoing efforts at the state level to
determine the culpability of mid-level EPISD officials in the cheating scheme
carried out under former superintendent Lorenzo Garcca. In July, the TEA made
its first use of new subpoena powers to seek the release of previously
undisclosed documents attached to the independent audit report of EPISD by
Weaver & Tidwell, LLP.

EPISD board of managers president Dee Margo said Friday some district employees
had received letters regarding their certification from TEA, apparently in
response to information gathered in those documents.

Culbertson said the potential sanctions are also a response to wider allegations
of wrongdoing at the district. The consequences could vary depending on the
person and the extent of any misconduct found - from a reprimand to revocation
of certification to teach in the state.

"This is their opportunity to come and talk with us and present their case,"
Culbertson said.

District administrators under Garcia sought to game accountability standards by
blocking low-performing students from taking standardized tests that determined
federal Adequate Yearly Progress ratings. While some students were removed from
campuses or held back, others were improperly promoted.

After the individuals facing TEA sanction meet with agency lawyers, TEA will
determine if a case should go forward to the State Office of Administrative
Hearings. A hearing there would determine if sanctions, including the loss of
certification, should be imposed, Culbertson said.

The State Board of Educator Certification would make final ruling of whether
those sanctions are enforced. Should TEA's investigation uncover criminal
wrongdoing, such as tampering with government documents, the agency would also
notify appropriate law enforcement agencies.

The attorney for Austin High School principal John Tanner confirmed Monday that
his client received a letter concerning potential sanctions.

Austin-based attorney Tiger Hanner said about 30 current or former EPISD
employees - all named in the audit report - received identical form letters from
the agency. But he said the agency is not releasing the records the sanction
process is based on.

"If I won't tell you what the meeting is about and ask you to show up, do you
think it's easy to prepare? It's impossible to prepare," he said.

Hanner said he has reservations about whether anyone should go to the meeting
without first seeing those records.

"If they're not going to tell you what you're accused of, do they really want to
get to the bottom of it?" he said.

The Weaver audit found Tanner, who is currently on administrative leave,
implemented a credit recovery program at the campus that violated district
policy and state law.

EPISD trustees commissioned the audit report last year following a directive
from TEA. The 86-page final report found many high schools in the district were
essentially "diploma mills" while the cheating took place.

The report also identified multiple administrators at the central office and
campus level implicated in cheating and manipulation of student records.

But the execution of the report was also sharply criticized by supporters of
Tanner and other campus principals named in the audit.

Tanner was one of eight administrators who faced termination in April as a
result of the audit findings. But trustees reinstated all but one after vocal
protests of the move.

New EPISD Superintendent Juan Cabrera said the district is aware the letters are
being issued but is not involved in the process.

"We cannot assume that the outcome will be negative," he said. "We will have to
wait for the results of their investigation."

Andrew Kreighbaum covers El Paso Independent School District. He may be reached
at 546-6127.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EPISD building.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday
                              SUN BUSINESS Edition

The gambler, chairman and golfer: web of debt

BYLINE: David Voreacos

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5K

LENGTH: 1248 words


The tips came to Billy Walters, the Las Vegas high roller, by prepaid burner
phones and during lunch meetings. From there, some were fed to Phil Mickelson,
one of the world's most beloved golfers. The code word at the center of the
scheme: "Dallas Cowboys." \xB6 What began with a friendship forged over
gambling, golf and business turned into a six year insider trading plot
involving two men who owed money to Walters former Dean Foods Co. chairman Tom
C. Davis and Mickelson, federal authorities said Thursday.

On Thursday, they laid out this tale of corporate intrigue, substantial gambling
debts and ham handed coverups. Walters was indicted and arrested in Nevada, and
Davis pleaded guilty earlier in the week. Mickelson, who wasn't mentioned by
name in the criminal complaint, said he reached an agreement with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission to return proceeds of nearly $1 million. He
wasn't cited for wrongdoing.

By passing along intel on Dean Foods' earnings and corporate strategy, Davis
engaged in the sort of old fashioned insider trading dance between a tipper and
tippee that flourished in the 1980s. Prosecutors have been reined in since 2014,
when an appeals court overturned convictions of two hedge fund managers under
more complicated circumstances. This is the first major insider trading case
announced since then.

"Tomorrow's headlines today"

Walters, 69, bought and sold shares based on tips, making more than $40 million
total in illicit profit and avoiding losses. In exchange, he gave Davis loans,
business opportunities and investment capital of nearly $1 million.

"It was all good news and bad news for Walters, because he had the information
before everyone else he had tomorrow's headlines today," Manhattan U.S. Attorney
Preet Bharara said Thursday at a news conference. "When the board member of a
Fortune 500 company feeds inside information to a professional gambler who makes
a fortune on well timed trades in that company's stock, that is a form of
corruption."

Mickelson "is innocent of any wrongdoing," his lawyer, Gregory Craig, said in a
statement. "Phil was an innocent bystander to alleged wrongdoing by others that
he was unaware of."

"Lawful sports gambler"

Walters, arrested Wednesday night, also denied wrongdoing.

"Bill Walters is a true American success story, whose extraordinary
accomplishments as a lawful sports gambler have been widely recognized and
lauded," his lawyer, Barry Berke, said in a statement. "Mr. Walters and his
counsel look forward to his day in court where it will be shown that the
prosecutors' accusations are based on erroneous assumptions, speculative
theories and false finger pointing."

Walters is a well known Las Vegas gambler who keeps a low profile after earlier
brushes with the law. In early 2011, he told CBS's "60 Minutes" in a rare
interview that he wagered millions of dollars on football and basketball and had
never had a losing year as one of Nevada's biggest sports bettors. He had a $20
million jet and seven homes, the program reported.

Meeting on a golf course

Davis, 67, and Walters met more than 20 years ago at a golf course in Southern
California, where both owned homes and met often to play. In 2001, Davis retired
as a managing partner at a national investment bank and joined the Dean Foods
board.

Their relationship turned criminal in 2008, Davis admitted in pleading guilty on
May 16. It began on Feb. 25, 2008, when Walters and Davis spoke on the phone,
and Davis leaked him full year forecasts and quarterly results for Dean Foods,
according to the indictment of Walters.

That day, Walters called his broker and bought 200,000 shares of Dean Foods, the
largest U.S. milk processor. The pattern was set. More calls, more stock buys by
Walters, soon hitting 2.2 million shares. When Dean Foods announced its earnings
on April 30, 2008, Walters made $2.6 million in profit, the U.S. said.

Before Dean Foods announced its second quarter earnings guidance that June,
Davis told Walters how it would go, according to prosecutors. Over several days,
Walters bought 3.95 million shares, capturing as much as 37 percent of the daily
volume. His profit? More than $6 million, the U.S. said.

Lifestyle maintenance

In April 2010, Davis was "desperate for money" because he owed $78,000 in taxes,
and had tens of thousands in credit card debt. He also "had heavily margined his
brokerage account" and couldn't "maintain his lifestyle," according to the SEC.
He went to Walters offering confidential information on Dean Foods, who arranged
for a $625,000 loan to Davis. Walters bought a million shares of Dean Foods
three days later.

More debts cropped up. In 2011, Davis needed to repay a gambling debt to a Las
Vegas casino. Davis took $100,000 from a Dallas charity for a battered women and
children shelter to cover that. Three months later, when he needed to return the
money to the shelter, as well as to cover the $178,000 he owed on a venture to
operate a private jet, he borrowed $350,000 from Walters, according to the SEC.

"Walters funded Davis, despite the fact that Davis had proven himself a huge
credit risk," the SEC said.

WhiteWave spinoff

In 2012, as Dean Foods planned to spin off its WhiteWave Foods Co. subsidiary,
Walters spoke to Davis many times, gleaning inside information, according to
authorities. WhiteWave was where Mickelson entered the picture, according to the
SEC. On July 27, 2012, Walters called Mickelson, who owed him money. They
exchanged text messages that day and a day later. On July 30 and 31, Mickelson
bought shares of Dean Foods valued at $2.4 million in three brokerage accounts,
according to the SEC.

Mickelson had never previously bought Dean Foods shares, and his brokerage
account holdings before that were less than $250,000. After the spinoff of
Denver based WhiteWave was announced on Aug. 7, 2012, Walters' shares increased
by $17 million and Mickelson sold his for a profit of $931,000, according to the
SEC.

Walters had a motive for tipping off Mickelson to the Dean Foods announcement,
the SEC said. Mickelson had placed bets with Walters and owed him. Mickelson
repaid him in September 2012 in part with the proceeds he had made on the Dean
Foods deal, according to the regulator.

Darden trading

A second company was also involved in the Davis and Walters scheme: Darden
Restaurants Inc., the Orlando based owner of the Olive Garden restaurant chain.
Davis was approached by a shareholder group that was pushing the company to make
changes, and he received confidential information about those plans, the SEC
said.

He leaked information to Walters, who bought nearly $30 million in Darden shares
and made about $1 million in profit, according to the SEC.

As the U.S. began to piece together the plot, Davis began to cover up his
actions, he admitted. In May 2014, he tossed a prepaid cellphone into a body of
water to thwart U.S. prosecutors, according to his guilty plea. They used the
Dallas Cowboys as code for Dean Foods.

Davis perjured himself in testimony to the SEC, lying about his finances and net
worth, the accuracy of his tax returns and those of a Dallas based charity he
oversaw, and whether he had tipped Walters, according to his plea.

Asked by the SEC in May 2015 if he had tipped Walters, Davis said: "I never gave
him any confidential information. I'm quite certain about that."

He resigned from the Dean Foods board in August.

For his part, Walters refused to testify to the SEC, citing his constitutional
right against self incrimination.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Billy Walters, above, walks out of the federal courthouse in Las Vegas
on Thursday, when federal authorities announced an indictment against him and
former Dean Foods chairman Tom C. Davis. Phil Mickelson, left, who wasn't
mentioned by name in the criminal complaint, said he agreed to return proceeds
of nearly $1 million. He wasn't cited for wrongdoing. John Locher, The
Associated Press (top); Associated Press file

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 19, 1989, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

PLEAS TO CARE HOME UNHEEDED, TWO SAY

BYLINE: William C. Lhotka Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1867 words


The daughters of a patient at the Villa Capri Manor nursing home pleaded
threeyears ago with a corporate executive of the parent company for better
health care for their father and other patients.  But the women and state
officials said the pleas went unheeded.  ''Must we remind you these are human
beings in this nursing home?'' the three women wrote in a letter to an executive
of Beverly Enterprises, owner of the home. ''It is not only for our dad but also
the other patients as well that we are screaming for help.'' Records later
obtained by state agents investigating criminal negligence at Villa Capri show
that the executive - Bobby Stephens, of Ft. Smith, Ark. - responded directly to
one of the letters by the daughters and indirectly to the other.  Yet health
care at the nursing home at 2920 Fee Fee Road in Maryland Heights never
improved, state officials and the women say. Under pressure by the state, the
company sold the home six months later, in June 1987.  Beverly Enterprises has
denied any wrongdoing by the corporation or by corporate officials in the
management of Villa Capri. The firm has blamed local staff and administrators
for the poor conditions. Nonetheless, the company paid $1 million last month to
Missouri as a settlement with prosecutors of the criminal case against it.  Had
the corporation or one of its top executives been convicted, the company would
have lost its license to do business in Missouri and could have been ineligible
for Medicaid payments nationwide. Paying fines or settlements and denying
corporate wrongdoing is nothing new for Beverly, says William Rapps, the state
official who supervised the investigation of Villa Capri.  Rapps said Beverly
has been investigated for poor conditions at its nursing homes by state agencies
in Missouri, Mississippi, Maine, Utah and Colorado.  The California firm
operates more than 800 nursing homes nationwide, with 50 in Missouri.  In
October 1986, Beverly paid more than $600,000 in fines to settle a suit by
California over the deat hs of nine patients in that state; three of its homes
were placed on probation in that case. The company admitted no wrongdoing.
Beverly's chief executive officer announced that care at Beverly-owned homes
would improve.  The same month that Beverly was paying the fine in California,
Michael Ilko was taken from Villa Capri here to Missouri Baptist Hospital in
Town and Country, suffering from dehydration, pneumonia and skin ulcers.  On
Nov. 25, 1986, his daughters - Mary Brda and Barbara Klein of Mehlville, and
Catherine Hartman of St. George - wrote about poor health care standards at
Villa Capri to Stephens, president of Beverly's Central Division.  Stephens is a
corporate-rank officer.  The letter and a subsequent letter they wrote on Jan.
4, 1987, are part of the state's files on the case. Brda said Thursday that she
had no objection to a Post-Dispatch reporter quoting from the letters.  The
first letter outlined the seriousness of Ilko's condition, his need for surgery
and skin grafts for the ulcers, and poor hygiene at the nursing home.  The women
told Stephens ''it has been a heartbreaking experience for us all.'' Stephens
replied in a letter dated Dec. 1 1986, that he was ordering ''an immediate
investigation'' and would call the women on Dec. 5. Ilko's daughters said
Stephens never called.  In the second letter, the women again wrote Stephens
that conditions at the nursing home were so bad that their father's condition
had deteriorated in the six days he had been back at Villa Capri.  Ilko had an
open sore where he had the skin grafts, he had not been bathed, his lips were
cracked and his eyes sealed with mucus, they said.  They added that the smell of
urine at the nursing home was overpowering, floors were dirty, trash was on the
floors, and one nurse and a couple of aides were assigned to care for 50
patients.  Brda said they got no direct response from Stephens but had a meeting
at the nursing home with Robert Taggart, then the regional manager and now one
of the four charged with criminal negligence in the case.  Documents that
Taggart provided state agents as an informer later that year show a memorandum
on Jan. 8, 1987, to Taggart from Michael Jeffries, an assistant to Stephens in
Ft. Smith, and a reply on Jan. 12 to Jeffries from Taggart.  Jeffries asked
Taggart for the results of his investigation. Taggart replied that ''all the
above issues addressed by family were identified as true and valid.'' Taggart
said the demands by the family were ''not unreasonable. They were requesting
that their father be kept clean, dry and well-nourished.'' An earlier memorandum
by Taggart in the state files was less sympathetic.  That document described
Ilko as combative and uncooperative and warned higher-ups at Beverly that
medical charts were incomplete.  Brda said conditions at Villa Capri improved
when Taggart was present but deteriorated quickly when he was absent. Taggart
also oversaw nine other area nursing homes owned by Beverly, besides Villa
Capri.  bc Ilko died in March en route to DePaul Health Center in Bridgeton.
That month, the state began a criminal investigation of Villa Capri that
culminated with the $1 million settlement last month with Beverly and the
indictment of Taggart and three other local supervisors.  A spokeswoman for
Stephens, the corporate officer in Arkansas, said Stephens would be unavailable
to the press and referred a reporter to William Ihle, a spokesman for Beverly in
Pasadena, Calif. Ihle said Beverly officials could not comment because of ''the
ongoing legal issues'' involving Villa Capri.  Rapps said that he thought his
agents had made a strong criminal case against the corporation and that Taggart
had been helpful to the state as an informer. The case included the allegations
by Ilko's daughters and Stephens' apparent knowledge of them.  Prosecuting
Attorney George R. ''Buzz'' Westfall has said that Taggart's action as an
informer had been self-serving because he had been a target of the state
investigation.  Rapps agreed that Taggart's action had been self-serving but
said Taggart had provided evidence leading to higher-ups. With Taggart's
indictment, ''you can't get to those people,'' he said.  ''It is not a question
of money. The question is are they (Beverly operations in or out in Missouri?
Someone else decides that question. My job was to prepare a criminal case. We
did that.'' Westfall said Rapps' superiors had been happy with Westfall's
actions.  Westfall said his goal was ''not to put Beverly out of business but to
make Beverly clean up its act and to raise the level of patient care to an
acceptable level.'' ''I'm not only pleased, I'm proud of the way things turned
out. We extracted $1 million from the corporation and, at the same time, we are
prosecuting four major players and we are sending out a clear message to other
nursing home operators.'' But Brda says she and her sisters are disappointed
with the resul ts. They had hoped the corporation would be prosecuted. The women
had testified against Beverly in civil proceedings in Cole County and had
assisted state agents.  (NOTE: the following text appeared in the 3* edition
only) ''We got into this, not just for our dad, but for justice's sake.'' Brda
said. ''I guess it's a large corporation.''

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Irregularities warrant state intervention, EPISD says

BYLINE: By Zahira Torres \ Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1752 words


View EPISD administrator emails
   Photos: EPISD news conference

Related: Canutillo ISD superintendent implicated in grading scheme
   Related: EPISD board president, trustee back Jordan
   Editorial: EPISD: 'Leaders' failed children

AUSTIN -- The El Paso Independent School District's top administrator for the
first time publicly admitted that student testing policies had been manipulated
to avoid accountability and said she wanted the state's education agency to send
in a monitor to help the district.

Interim Superintendent Terri Jordan on Tuesday said she would ask that the
school board call on the Texas Education Agency to appoint a "special
administrative partner," who would assist in establishing policies that prevent
administrators from failing or promoting students simply to keep them from
taking state accountability tests.

A somber Jordan made the statements at a news conference the district scheduled
hours after releasing about 1,500 documents to the El Paso Times as part of an
open- records request.

She announced that Bowie High School Principal Jesus Chavez and Myrna Gamboa, a
director in the Secondary and Priority Schools Division, had been removed from
their positions the same day the newspaper obtained documents and emails that
suggested each might have played a role in preventing students from taking
state-mandated tests at the struggling campus. Both administrators have been
reassigned to central office, but their new roles remain unclear.

"I want it clearly understood that the days of El Paso ISD playing fast and
loose with the rules are over," Jordan said during the news conference, in which
she sought to distance herself from former Superintendent Lorenzo Garcca, for
whom she worked as chief of staff.

Documents obtained by the El Paso Times through the Texas Public Information Act
have outlined a wave of problems at Bowie and other struggling campuses, known
as "priority schools," that seem to confirm many of the 2010 allegations of
wrongdoing made by then-state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh.

The title of a news release announcing Tuesday's news conference read: "Bowie
Principal, District Executive removed. Interim Superintendent Outraged by
failures found in investigation."

But documents show that EPISD officials have been aware of potential problems
for almost two years and have had internal findings of wrongdoing for at least a
year. Jordan said district officials didn't take disciplinary action sooner
because they didn't want to be seen as interfering in ongoing investigations by
the FBI and U.S. Department of Education.

On Tuesday, Jordan suddenly announced disciplinary action against some employees
without any explanation on why the district chose to act now on findings it has
maintained secret for more than a year. Jordan said she was reassigning Chavez,
the Bowie High principal, because in July 2010 he told an internal auditor that
he willfully violated district policy on admitting students.

Chavez was quoted in an audit interview talking about whether out-of-country
credits should be counted for students from Mexico. He said sometimes "we have
to compromise the policy, sometimes difficult and ugly scenarios we have here
and we have to violate policy."

While Jordan said Chavez's statement was "stunning and unacceptable," officials
did not take action until Monday -- the same day the district released the
documents, which included the admission, to the newspaper.

Chavez, who was heavily recruited at a time when the school was having
difficulties meeting federal accountability rules, said his lawyer advised him
not to speak on the issue, but he called himself a mere piece of the puzzle in
an expansive investigation into allegations of wrongdoing at the district.

"The more fair part for me right now is to let the investigation unfold," Chavez
said in an interview with the El Paso Times. "That will defend who needs to get
defended and place blame on who needs to be blamed."

Eric Winkelman, director of career and technology education and former principal
for the Center for Career and Technology Education, was named the temporary
interim administrator at Bowie.

Jordan said the district would ask the U.S. Department of Education to review
Bowie High's federal accountability report card for 2009 to see whether it
accurately reflects school performance. She said she also wants the Texas
Education Agency to assign a monitor who will help review and implement policies
at the district.

Texas Education Agency spokeswoman Debbie Ratcliffe said the school district has
not submitted a formal request for a monitor, which acts primarily as an
observer and advisor. Ratcliffe said the state agency, which could make such an
assignment on its own, had not done so because it was waiting for the results of
the ongoing federal investigations into wrongdoing.

"Placing a monitor in a district is one of the highest levels of sanctions we
can do, and it costs the districts money because they pay for those people to be
there," Ratcliffe said. "It's something we don't do lightly, but when districts
ask us for that help, we typically grant it."

Ratcliffe said a monitor would cost the district $75 an hour.

She also said situations like that the EPISD is facing are rare.

Jordan, who was flanked by five school board members at her news conference,
said Garcca's administration was responsible for potential falsifications of
government documents and improper promotion and retention of students in an
effort to avoid possible federal education accountability sanctions.

Garcca's lawyer could not be reached for comment.

Garcca resigned from the district last year after being indicted on unrelated
public-corruption charges. Jordan, who was his top aide, was named interim
superintendent.

Jordan and school board members, who sought to distance themselves from the
former superintendent, didn't directly respond to a question about their
culpability in the unfolding scandal.

Jordan's statements are a marked change from previous district positions, which
vehemently denied any wrongdoing at Bowie and other schools. In fact, in a
letter to the Department of Education, Jordan called allegations of wrongdoing
by Shapleigh a "fierce attack." Jordan didn't mention Shapleigh at her news
conference. Shapleigh was accusing the district of "disappearing" students from
Bowie and other schools so they wouldn't have to take standardized tests used
for state and federal accountability.

She said district officials found out after Garcca's indictment that some
employees were afraid to report wrongdoing because they feared retaliation. She
provided the phone number for employees to anonymously report potential student
record problems.

Jordan also took aim at another former district leader.

She cited a "stunning and deeply troubling directive" from then-Associate
Superintendent Damon Murphy, now the superintendent of the Canutillo Independent
School District. The email ordered that students transferring to EPISD from out
of the country be held for a year in the ninth grade even if their transfer
credits make them sophomores.

Jordan said she was "deeply troubled" by an email he sent principals and other
administrators that attempted "to wrongfully hold students in the ninth grade."

"Such an order disregards district policy and causes great harm to children who
have received some education in another country and who should be immediately
placed in the correct grade," Jordan said.

Murphy did not directly address Jordan's comments.

"I have not reviewed the documents EPISD released today and, therefore, I do not
feel it appropriate to comment on them at this point," Murphy said in a
statement.

Among the documents cited by Jordan at the news conference was an allegation by
then-Pupil Services Director Mark Mendoza that Chavez never conducted legally
required disciplinary hearings for dozens of students, and that paperwork meant
to document those hearings was forged.

"Upon closer investigation, more than 30 cases were found in which the
principal's signature on letters documenting hearings was forged," Mendoza said
in one of the emails obtained by the newspaper. "There is no documentation that
any of these hearings actually took place."

In another series of back-and-forth emails with administrators, Mendoza
documented various cases in which Bowie High School students were being dropped
or kept from enrolling in violation of state law. Some of those students, whose
names were redacted from the emails for privacy purposes, wrote their own
accounts of troubles at Bowie.

One student said she left Bowie when she became pregnant to attend the
school-age parent center but later returned to the campus. She said she
registered for classes Jan. 17, 2010, but a day later was called into the
principal's office.

"He told me I was not going to get anywhere because I needed credits to graduate
and the best thing for me was to go to another school to take GED classes," she
wrote about Chavez. "He said if it were up to him, he would have never let me
register at Bowie. I felt almost forced to leave school."

In one email exchange obtained by the newspaper, Mendoza directs Chavez to
enroll a student at Bowie. He says that the principal's reasons for denying the
student admission to the campus were not based on district policy or state law.

Mendoza said the student reported that Chavez told her she would "count against"
the school and that another school that does not have "so many dropouts" might
accept her.

In his reply, Chavez said Mendoza was accepting the stories provided by the
students and the parents without allowing him the opportunity to share his side
of the story.

Another email sent to Chavez by Maribel Jackson, secretary of then-Associate
Superintendent Murphy, revealed similar concerns.

Jackson urged Chavez to allow another student who lived in the Bowie area to
re-enroll at the school after being dropped for poor attendance.

"She needs to be in school and unfortunately for Bowie she lives in your
attendance area," Jackson wrote. Jackson added that she explained to the parent
the importance of regular attendance "and the reasons (accountability) for you
being hesitant in accepting her."

"Dr. Chavez, I know you are hesitant in accepting this student; however, we
really don't have a choice," Jackson wrote. "If attendance is an issue, send her
to court," Jackson said.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

Whom to call
Hotline to report potential student records problems: 800-620-8591.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Superintendent Terri Jordan, has reassigned two administrators involved
in alleged wrongdoing at Bowie High School have been removed from their
positions. Bowie High School Principal Jesus Chavez and Myrna Gamboa, a director
in the Secondary and Priority Schools Division who allegedly participated in
grade altering, have been temporarily reassigned to central office. It is not
clear what their roles will be with the district. Ruben R Ramirez/El Paso Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 30, 1984, Sunday, Final Edition

Pressure to Disclose Tax Forms Takes Circuitous Route to Bush

BYLINE: By Juan Williams, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A18

LENGTH: 724 words


Last August, as Geraldine A. Ferraro's campaign fell into a quicksand of
questions about her tax forms, Vice President Bush skipped over the same trap by
saying he couldn't release his tax forms because they were part of a blind trust
and the Office of Government Ethics would not allow it to be opened.

The questions stopped.

Then David H. Martin, head of the Office of Government Ethics, told reporters
there was no legal barrier to Bush opening his trust and releasing the forms.
Last Tuesday in Chicago, Bush faced a new set of inquiries. "My lawyers say you
can't do it," he replied.

This time, Bush was told of Martin's statements. "This is interesting," Bush
said. "This is new. What I thought was that the government ethics office didn't
permit it."

The next night in Indianapolis, Bush issued a statement indicating that he would
release "essential information" on his tax returns since he took office. The
information is scheduled to be released this week.

Along the way, Bush bristled over questions about his finances, and his staff
chafed visibly under the sudden pressure to release the financal information.

Peter Teeley, Bush's spokesman, telephoned United Press International Reporter
David Lawsky to ask him whether he was "pushing this story." Lawsky told him no.
Later, Teeley and other Bush aides asked a Washington Post reporter whether his
newspaper would be willing to pay the $10,000 they estimated it would cost to
open the blind trust.

At two news conferences, Bush said he wouldn't answer any more questions about
his taxes. When a local reporter at one stop asked Bush about his "wrongdoing,"
Bush apparently was angered.

Wrongdoing!" he said. "Let me recite a little history for you. I put out my
eight years of my taxes before the vice presidency and an audited detailed
statement . . . then, so there would be no conflict of interest, I entered into
a blind trust."

As he flew to Washington Thursday, Bush recalled during an interview the "
wrongdoing" question as the point at which he felt he was being unfairly
harassed by "some little guy at a press conference."

"When I heard one of these reporters yesterday ask me what about these
wrongdoings, I thought to myself . . . 'come on, here's a guy himself who in
1967 or '68 went way out front on disclosure, here's a person that disposed of
any holding and everything I had to do with oil when I was on the House Ways and
Means Committee . . .

"The disclosure I've made," Bush added, "is far more complete than Mrs.
Ferraro's or anybody else . . . . Total disclosure, and then I put everything in
a blind trust, so blind I don't even see the taxes, don't even sign the taxes .
. . and then to have a guy at a press conference say what are you doing about
the wrongdoing. I said to myself, 'Come on, fair is fair' . . . . I think if it
hadn't been for Ferraro's problem people would say: Look, this guy has gone the
extra mile. Instead you get some little guy at a press conference saying: 'What
about these wrongdoings?' "

In the interview aboard Air Force II, Bush said he did not find it peculiar that
he is the only candidate to not have yet released his taxes. The vice president
said he sees himself as the only one of the four to be "protecting the American
people, in the most restrictive trust against conflict of interest."

Asked why he changed his mind about releasing "essential tax information" if he
felt there was no need to do so, Bush said it was because of the ethics office's
ruling.

" When the guy at the government ethics office came out and said that the trust
could be opened . . . after he got about 30 phone calls, he finally said 'Well,
yes, he can break the trust,' " Bush said.

Martin said his office had never barred Bush from disclosing tax information. He
said that, if Bush opened his trust, the ethics office would work with Bush to
form a new trust to avoid possible conflict of interest charges.

When the issue arose last week, Dean Burch, Bush's lawyer, said: " . . . .
Anything set up can be broken . . . . We'd have to break it and recreate it . .
. . But my recommendation would be that he not do it. If he opens it the next
thing the media would say if he visits a coal mine is that he is part-owner of a
coal mine. It would be a mess."

One day later, Bush directed Burch to open the trust.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

SEC Charges Former Brokerage CEO for His Role in Fraudulent Scheme

LENGTH: 498  words


Washington, D.C: Department of Homeland Security has issued following press
release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that the former CEO of a
global investment services firm's brokerage subsidiary agreed to pay more than
$783,000 and admit wrongdoing to settle a case involving employees under his
control misleading customers.

The SEC previously charged ConvergEx Group subsidiaries, which paid $107 million
and admitted wrongdoing to settle the charges.  The SEC also charged two former
employees in that enforcement action, and later separately filed a case against
a different former ConvergEx subsidiary CEO that is pending in federal court.

According to the SEC's complaint against Craig S. Lax filed today in federal
court in Newark, N.J., the ConvergEx subsidiaries under his control engaged in a
scheme that caused customers to pay substantially higher amounts than the
disclosed commissions for buying and selling securities.  The scheme involved
concealing the practice of routing trading orders to an offshore affiliate in
order to take hidden mark-ups and mark-downs commonly referred to as "trading
profits" or "TP."  Lax authorized employees to temporarily suspend taking TP
when a customer asked for a certain report that could reveal the hidden charges.
Lax also authorized the use of a proprietary trading algorithm to hide the
charges from a customer in an otherwise transparent market.  To avoid potential
questions from customers about why one particular trader was located offshore,
Lax requested new business cards falsely indicating the trader was located in
New York.

In settling the SEC's charges, Lax additionally agreed to be barred from the
securities industry for at least five years.

"Senior executives cannot permit deceptive practices by their subordinates,"
said Stephen L. Cohen, an Associate Director in the SEC's Division of
Enforcement.  "Lax not only condoned such conduct, but he specifically
authorized practices that kept customers in the dark."

Lax consented to the entry of a judgment, subject to court approval, permanently
enjoining him from future violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5.  Lax has entered into an agreement to cooperate in
the SEC's ongoing investigation and pending litigation.  The amount of any
financial penalty to be imposed against Lax in addition to the $783,297 in
disgorgement and prejudgment interest will be determined at a later date.

The SEC's investigation is being conducted by Sarah L. Allgeier, Richard E.
Johnston, and Thomas D. Manganello and supervised by Jennifer S. Leete.
Litigation is being led by Cheryl L. Crumpton and Kyle M. DeYoung.  The SEC
appreciates the assistance of the Fraud Section of the U.S. Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

PIPELINE

BYLINE: William Launder and Kate Berry

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 11 Vol. 172 No. 61

LENGTH: 574  words


In the Crosshairs

Beazer Homes USA Inc. said Wednesday that it was cooperating with a federal

investigation into practices at its mortgage business, but said no allegations

of wrongdoing had been made against the Atlanta home builder.

Leslie H. Kratcoski, a vice president at Beazer, said in a press release

that there have been no allegations of any wrongdoing. Instead, Beazer has

received a request for documents generally relating to its mortgage business.

Ms. Kratcoski said the investigation led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for

the Western District of North Carolina was fueled by articles in TheCharlotte

Observer last week. The stories allege that Beazer illegally arranged loans that

homebuyers could not afford, contributing to abnormally high foreclosure rates

in several Beazer developments around Charlotte.

Beazer said the Observer stories focused on one Beazer development where the

builder only brokered loans to homebuyers, and did not lend.

We were involved on the front end of the loan transaction process, compiling

the necessary information, which we then submitted to the lender for

underwriting review. The ultimate underwriting decision for the loan rested with

the lender, Ms. Kratcoski said.

According to the Observer, most of the loans in the Beazer developments were

guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration, and about 75% were funded by

National City Corp. of Cleveland.

BusinessWeek quoted a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation as

saying that the agency was looking at all types of [potential] fraud associated

with Beazer corporate, mortgage, investments.

Beazer said it was told by the U.S. Attorney's Office that those comments

were not authorized and should not have been made.

Loans for Sale

New Century Financial Corp. said in a filing Wednesday with the Securities

and Exchange Commission that several of its lenders plan to sell loans that had

backed $17.4 billion of its credit lines.

The Irvine, Calif., subprime lender also said it reached agreements with

regulators in Idaho, Iowa, Michigan, and Wyoming to stop lending. It had made

similar agreements with regulators in California and New York.

Several lenders have taken possession of New Century mortgages as collateral

against borrowings and plan to auction the loans to collect on the debts.

Barclays PLC has possession of $900 million worth of mortgages. The French bank

Natixis plans to auction $800 million worth of New Century loans.

In the past week Morgan Stanley has placed ads in The New York Times and The

Wall Street Journal saying that it plans to auction a $2.5 billion portfolio of

13,200 residential loans originated by New Century.

Comings and Goings

Fair Isaac Corp. has sold a portion of its mortgage business, and

transferred 150 customers and 700 vendors, to ISGN, the parent company of

MortgageHub, including several technology platforms used to originate and

service loans.

MortgageHub, which provides software and consulting services for the

mortgage industry, has also hired the 61 employees in Fair Isaac's mortgage

division, the companies said Monday. They did not say how much ISGN paid.

EMC Mortgage Corp., a unit of Bear Stearns Cos. Inc., said Tuesday that

Jenna Kemp has been promoted to executive vice president of financial

operations.

Ms. Kemp had been senior vice president of financial operations. She joined

EMC 12 years ago from CTX Mortgage, where she was an assistant controller.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             March 6, 2007, Tuesday

Supreme Court: Murder Defendant Forfeited His Right To Object to Victim's
Testimonial Hearsay Statements

BYLINE:  By TINA BAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 695 words


A murder defendant forfeited his right to object to the admission of
"testimonial" hearsay statements his victim made before her death by killing her
and thus causing her unavailability at trial, the California Supreme Court ruled
yesterday.

The justices unanimously affirmed an October 2004 ruling by this district's Div.
Six, which held that defendant Dwayne Giles could not complain about his
inability to cross-examine his victim because "it was his own criminal violence
that made her unavailable for cross examination."

At his trial for the murder of ex-girlfriend Brenda Avie, Giles unsuccessfully
objected to the introduction of statements Avie had made to police investigating
a domestic violence incident involving her and Giles several weeks before the
killing. Prosecutors proffered the hearsay statements-in which Avie claimed
Giles choked her, punched her, and threatened her with a knife after accusing
her of having an affair with a female friend-to refute Giles' portrayal of Avie
as the aggressor on the night of her murder.

Giles maintained that Avie sought him out at his grandmother's house, where he
was staying, and threatened to kill him and his new girlfriend, which prompted
him to retrieve a gun from the garage. She thereafter "charged" him, he claimed,
and he shot her fearing she had something in her hand. He denied intending to
kill her.

Over Giles' objection,then-Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Victoria Chavez, who
has since been elevated to the Court of Appeal, permitted Avie's police
interview remarks to be introduced into evidence on the basis of Evidence Code
Sec. 1370. The statute allows out-of-court hearsay statements to be admitted if
they describe the infliction or threat of physical injury upon the declarant.

A jury found Giles guilty of murder with personal use of a firearm, and Chavez
sentenced him to 50 years to life in prison.

On appeal, he argued that under Crawford v. Washington (2004) 1245 S. Ct. 1354,
the admission of Avie's remarks to police violated his rights under the
Confrontation Clause of the U.S. Constitution because he was deprived of the
opportunity to cross-examine her regarding them.

The Court of Appeal held that although Avie's statements constituted testimonial
hearsay evidence generally barred by Crawford, they were admissible under the
doctrine of "forfeiture by wrongdoing." Under that equitable doctrine, a
defendant is deemed to have lost the right to object to the admission of
out-of-court statements of a witness whose unavailability he caused.

The appellate justices found the doctrine applied because there was clear and
convincing evidence that Giles produced Avie's unavailability through criminal
conduct.

Writing for the high court, Justice Ming W. Chin agreed, explaining that
Crawford preserved forfeiture by wrongdoing as a valid exception to the
Confrontation Clause.

"Defendant should not able to take advantage of his own wrong by using the
victim's statements to bolster his self-defense theory, while capitalizing on
her unavailability and asserting his confrontation rights to prevent the
prosecution from using her conflicting statements," Ming wrote.

Forfeiture by wrongdoing applies even where the alleged wrongdoing is the same
as the offense for which the defendant is on trial, the justice added.

A majority of the justices-excluding Justices Kathryn M. Werdegar and Carlos R.
Moreno-further held that the facts supporting the application of the forfeiture
by wrongdoing doctrine must be proven to a trial court by a preponderance of the
evidence. Under the Court of Appeal's analysis, Chin said, that standard was
met.

In a separate concurrence joined by Moreno, Werdegar said the majority should
not have ruled on the appropriate standard of proof for showing forfeiture by
wrongdoing, because the issue was never addressed in the lower courts, and was
unnecessary to the disposition of Giles' appeal.

"Constitutional analysis should not be embarked on lightly and never when a
case's resolution does not demand it," she said.

The case is People v. Giles, 07 S.O.S. 1085.



LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2007 Metropolitan News Company


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Hevesi Is Poised To Plead Guilty In Pension Case

BYLINE: By DANNY HAKIM and WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM; Danny Hakim reported from Albany
and William K. Rashbaum from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1201 words


ALBANY -- Alan G. Hevesi, the former state comptroller, is poised to plead
guilty to a felony corruption charge after a lengthy investigation into his
office's rewarding of pension investment business to firms that provided
financial benefits to Mr. Hevesi and his aides, people with knowledge of the
case said on Tuesday.

Barring an 11th-hour change of heart, Mr. Hevesi would become the
highest-ranking state official convicted in the case and would be likely to
serve time in prison. In 2006, he pleaded guilty to a separate felony after
admitting he had used state workers to chauffeur his ailing wife, but avoided
jail time in that case after he agreed to resign.

The pension investigation, conducted by the office of Attorney General Andrew M.
Cuomo, is one of the longest running in Albany and came to symbolize the
ethically troubled culture of the capital. It has focused on allegations that
Mr. Hevesi's friends, family and associates sold access to the state's $125
billion pension fund, one of the world's largest, to reward allies, pay back
political favors and reap millions of dollars for themselves.

The deal comes as Mr. Cuomo, the Democratic nominee for governor, is seeking to
burnish his credentials as a reformer who can clean up state government, and his
office has been in plea negotiations with Mr. Hevesi's lawyer.

Mr. Hevesi, a Democrat, has long maintained that he did not know of the
wrongdoing taking place among his subordinates. He has not been formally
implicated in the scandal, and it remains unclear what specific offense Mr.
Hevesi would plead guilty to, or what wrongdoing he would admit.

Last December, a California money manager, Elliott Broidy, admitted paying
nearly $1 million in gifts in exchange for a $250 million investment from the
pension fund. Mr. Broidy, according to the attorney general's office, paid at
least $75,000 to send a ''very high-ranking'' official in the comptroller's
office and the official's relatives on five trips to Israel, including
first-class airfare, luxury hotel accommodations and a security detail. The
high-ranking official was Mr. Hevesi, people with knowledge of the investigation
have said.

A guilty plea by Mr. Hevesi would not end the broader investigation. His former
political consultant and confidant, Hank Morris, was indicted last year on 123
counts; he has denied wrongdoing and remains determined to fight the charges.

Also unresolved is the fate of Steven L. Rattner, the New York financier who led
the Obama administration's rescue of the auto industry. This year, the
Quadrangle Group, the investment fund Mr. Rattner founded, paid $12 million to
settle allegations that it paid kickbacks to win pension fund business, and said
it was publicly disavowing conduct engaged in by Mr. Rattner.

Bradley Simon, Mr. Hevesi's lawyer, was traveling in Europe and declined to
comment. Mr. Cuomo's office released a statement on Monday night saying no
formal plea agreement had been reached with Mr. Hevesi, adding, ''The office has
an ongoing investigation.''

But it appears that it was the fate of Mr. Hevesi's two sons, Assemblyman Andrew
Hevesi and former State Senator Daniel Hevesi, that led him to accept the plea
deal. Their role in the investigation, and potential prosecution, have been a
part of discussions over the plea agreement, people with knowledge of the case
said.

Documents in the case have suggested that Mr. Morris, Mr. Hevesi's most trusted
political adviser, was the architect of the corruption in the comptroller's
office and reaped millions of dollars by acting as a gatekeeper for private
equity firms and hedge funds looking to do business with the pension fund.

But the activities of Mr. Hevesi's sons have also drawn scrutiny: investigators
have questioned why an obscure firm operated by Daniel Hevesi was paid more than
$1 million in fees for deals with pension funds in New York City and New Mexico,
and whether any legitimate work was done for the payments.

Andrew Hevesi had more limited exposure in the case: prosecutors say a former
Liberal Party boss in the state, Raymond B. Harding, maneuvered to force a
vacancy in an Assembly seat in Queens so that Andrew Hevesi could assume the
position. Mr. Harding pleaded guilty last year after accepting more than
$800,000 for doing political favors, prosecutors said, including securing a
private job for Andrew Hevesi's Assembly predecessor, Michael Cohen.

Andrew Hevesi did not return calls on Tuesday. Daniel Hevesi's lawyer could not
be immediately reached.

The investigation by Mr. Cuomo's office, and a parallel inquiry by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, led to a nationwide re-evaluation of public
pension practices and the role of placement agents, the middlemen who brokered
business for the investment firms from the comptroller's office. Last year, the
current comptroller, Thomas P. DiNapoli, barred placement agents and other paid
intermediaries from doing business with the state fund. The city comptroller has
also banned placement agents from the New York City pension funds.

A number of other Hevesi lieutenants have been implicated in the investigation,
which began in 2007 amid allegations that Mr. Hevesi's former chief of staff,
Jack Chartier, had obtained, among other things, a loan from Mr. Broidy for his
friend the actress Peggy Lipton, from the television show ''Mod Squad.'' Mr.
Chartier has been cooperating with investigators, people with knowledge of the
case have said.

In March, David J. Loglisci, the former chief investment officer in the
comptroller's office, pleaded guilty to securities fraud, saying he helped steer
pension money to Mr. Hevesi's political contributors and to companies that paid
kickbacks to Mr. Morris.

The case has also entangled prominent New York figures and institutions. Last
year, the Carlyle Group, the private equity firm that once employed the first
President Bush, paid $20 million to settle charges related to the investigation.

The inquiry has also extended into Mr. DiNapoli's office; a meeting between Mr.
DiNapoli and a prominent Democratic fund-raiser and money manager has been the
subject of scrutiny. Mr. DiNapoli has denied doing anything improper.

For some time, it has been clear that Mr. Hevesi was the ultimate target of the
investigation. This year, after Mr. Loglisci pleaded guilty, he said in court
that senior officials in the comptroller's office had instructed him to clear
investment decisions with Mr. Morris, an alarming admission since Mr. Morris was
Mr. Hevesi's outside political consultant.

At the time, Mr. Cuomo declined to discuss whether Mr. Hevesi was one of the
senior officials, but said: ''This is the chief investment officer. He did
report directly to the comptroller, at that time Mr. Hevesi.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 30, 2010



CORRECTION: This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:
An article on Wednesday about a possible plea deal by Alan G. Hevesi, the former
state comptroller, misstated the middle initial for Steven Rattner, the
financier whose fund paid $12 million to settle allegations that it paid
kickbacks to win pension fund business from Mr. Hevesi. The financier is Steven
L. Rattner, not Steven J.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alan G. Hevesi in 2007 after he resigned as comptroller.( POOL
PHOTO BY SKIP DICKSTEIN) (A25)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            November 18, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Comment by former senator riles Ryan Gramm's prostitution analogy is ironic,
ex-governor counters

BYLINE: Rob Olmstead, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 550 words


Enraged that a one-time political ally used a prostitution analogy to describe
his behavior, former Gov. George Ryan broke his silence Thursday.

The impromptu statement by Ryan came after former presidential candidate Phil
Gramm testified that he never knew then-Secretary of State Ryan received money
from Gramm's 1996 campaign, saying he never would have allowed it because Ryan
endorsed him.

Asked why he wouldn't allow it, the plain-spoken former Texas senator replied,
"I guess the answer is (it's) the difference between love and prostitution. (In
an endorsement) you're looking for evidence of support; you're not looking to
buy support."

After the trial recessed, a livid Ryan stopped by cameras in the lobby of the
Dirksen Federal Building in Chicago to slam Gramm, suggesting Gramm decided not
to run for re-election to the Senate amid allegations about the demise of Enron.

"Sen. Gramm's prostitute comment is indeed ironic, I believe. ...If Sen. Gramm
wants to use the word prostitute, perhaps he should look within," Ryan said.

Ryan said he worked hard for Gramm and suggested the Texan decided not to run
for re-election to the Senate because of "serious allegations of wrongdoing by
Sen. Gramm and his wife regarding Enron."

The Gramms have never been charged with wrongdoing in the Enron scandal.

For all the furor it caused, the prostitution comment never made it to jurors'
ears. Spoken outside their presence, U.S. District Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer ruled
the analogy was too prejudicial.

Instead, she allowed prosecutors to rephrase their question before jurors, which
elicited an answer almost as damaging.

"With friendship or support, it's not something you buy," Gramm told the jurors
in the cleaned-up version. "It would dilute your character."

Defense attorneys were quick to point out that taking money to do work for a
candidate - and at the same time endorsing him - is not illegal.

Gramm conceded under their questioning that he has taken endorsements from Texas
state legislators whom he also hired to print campaign materials.

And he acknowledged that Ryan's political organization indeed performed the work
for which they were paid: Getting Gramm and his presidential delegates on the
ballot in each congressional district in Illinois and turning out supporters for
a straw poll in Iowa.

He also acknowledged that Ryan had already begun stumping for Gramm before
Gramm's campaign ever agreed to fund any activities in Illinois - something that
suggested Ryan had not given his endorsement in exchange for money.

Although the Gramm testimony looked bad along the lines of giving an endorsement
for payment, that is not one of the offenses Ryan, 71, is accused of in the
indictment.

Prosecutors said they elicited it to prove perjury charges. They say Ryan at one
point told investigators that the Gramm campaign had signed off on the payments
to Ryan and his aides Scott Fawell and Richard Juliano. The testimony also goes
to tax charges: Prosecutors contend Ryan took the money - and then subsequently
gave it to his daughters - without reporting it as income to the Internal
Revenue Service.

Defense attorneys contended the testimony was elicited only to muddy the waters
and to paint Ryan as someone who engaged in favors for money.

- Daily Herald news services contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 11, 2005 Monday

Wal-Mart fights back over fired VP's altered transcript

LENGTH: 409 words


BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. says a fired vice president who
claims he deserves whistle-blower protection had falsified college transcripts
to get hired at company headquarters in 1996.

The company released a copy of a transcript that Jared Bowen submitted when he
was under consideration for a home-office job in 1996, as well as a copy of what
Bowen's lawyer said was an accurate transcript. The altered transcript showed
A's and B's, while the accurate one showed many F's, D's and C's.

Wal-Mart claimed that the forgery showed that Bowen couldn't be trusted.

"This forgery was not some quick lie blurted out in a moment of panic," Wal-Mart
spokeswoman Mona Williams said Thursday. "It was deliberate, premeditated and
crafted for his own gain."

Bowen's lawyer claimed Friday that Bowen confessed to the forgery and was
forgiven when he was rehired by the company in 1997 after a nine-month hiatus.
Wal-Mart denied that claim and said two executives who rehired Bowen disputed
the assertion that he confessed to altering his transcript the year before.

In a complaint filed in May with the federal Labor Department, Bowen claims he
was fired March 30 after helping uncover alleged misspending by senior executive
Thomas M. Coughlin. The complaint argues that Bowen's dismissal violated a
federal law that bars companies from punishing employees who report corporate
wrongdoing.

Coughlin was president and chief executive of Wal-Mart's Stores Division until
he retired in January, and was board vice chairman until he was asked to step
down in March. Coughlin, through his attorney, has denied wrongdoing.

Wal-Mart says Bowen deserves no whistleblower protection because he was part of
the scheme to defraud the company. According to the company, the scheme was
brought to its attention by somebody other than Bowen.

Bowen has asked the Labor Department to order Wal-Mart to give him his job back
and compensate him for missed pay and benefits.

Bowen's attorney, Steve Kardell, confirmed that Bowen forged a transcript he
submitted to the company in 1996. Kardell said the company obtained from him a
copy of the accurate transcript from Northern Arizona University at Flagstaff.

The transcript that Kardell said his client originally submitted to Wal-Mart
shows grades of A's and B's in 36 classes. The authentic transcript shows 10
F's, four D's and 13 C's mixed in with a few A's and B's.

"Obviously, there's a little disconnect," Kardell said.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                October 25, 2007

Mayor Nagin: La. Sen. Shepherd allegations 'reckless'

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 215  words


Mayor C. Ray Nagin denies being "the subject of any investigation of wrongdoing"
after a state senator on Wednesday said the FBI has questioned him about Nagin.

State Sen. Derrick Shepherd, D-Marrero, said the FBI asked him months ago if he
had evidence of wrongdoing by Nagin, Rep. William Jefferson, D-New Orleans, and
state Rep. Karen Carter, D-New Orleans. Shepherd, who has been accused by an FBI
agent of money laundering, said the FBI's investigation of him might stem from
his inability to testify against Nagin, Jefferson and other elected officials.

Nagin blasted Shepherd, who has not been charged with a crime, for his comments.

"I am disappointed by the reckless allegations made today (Wednesday) by Sen.
Shepherd in an apparent effort to deflect attention from his own legal
problems," Nagin said.

"I want to be clear: I am not now, nor have I ever been, the subject of any
investigation of wrongdoing," he said. "I have a proven track record of
transparency and have been a champion of ethics and anti-corruption during my
tenure as mayor of New Orleans.

"I will continue to champion these values and to ensure the people of this city
and the American public that this city government, beginning with me, the chief
executive officer, is handling all funds legally and ethically. "

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

APS CHEATING SCANDAL;
6th APS educator pleads guilty

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 475 words



HIGHLIGHT: 'I will forever regret my actions.' Prosecutor says deal reached
after an emotional meeting.


A former Atlanta school system testing coordinator pleaded guilty Wednesday,
becoming the sixth educator charged in the test-cheating scandal to admit to
wrongdoing.

Lera Middlebrooks, who worked at Dunbar Elementary School, admitted she gave
teachers answer sheets for standardized tests after students had taken them and
believed the teachers used the sheets to change incorrect answers. Middlebrooks
violated protocol because she was not supposed to give the answer sheets out
after the tests had been taken, lead Fulton County prosecutor Fani Willis said.

Willis told Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter that the negotiated plea had been
reached after an emotional meeting with Middlebrooks. "I think more tears were
shed in this interview than in some of my murder cases," Willis said.

When asked Wednesday if she had committed wrongdoing, the 50-year-old former
educator said flatly, "I am guilty."

Middlebrooks was indicted on charges of racketeering and three other felonies.
In exchange for her guilty plea and testimony at the trial set for next spring,
prosecutors allowed Middlebrooks to plead guilty to a single misdemeanor count
of obstruction.

Baxter sentenced Middlebrooks to one year on probation. She also was ordered to
perform 250 hours of community service and required to write a letter of apology
for her actions. Middlebrooks was also given first-offender treatment, which
means her conviction will be erased if she abides by the terms of her probation.

Middlebrooks was too emotional to read aloud her letter, said her lawyer, Wesley
Gerard Person, who read it for her.

Middlebrooks wrote that she always strove to teach her students that "integrity
matters." But she admitted letting them down by compromising the integrity of
their tests and their education.

"I will forever regret my actions," she wrote.

Middlebrooks' decision to cooperate with the prosecution means she could give
damaging testimony against four former Dunbar teachers who are also charged in
the racketeering conspiracy.

According to the plea agreement, Middlebrooks gave the 2009 Criterion-Referenced
Competency Test answer sheets to teachers Shani Robinson, Pamela Cleveland and
Diane Buckner-Webb. The teachers had been asked to erase stray pencil marks on
the tests, but instead they huddled together in the computer lab with the answer
sheets, Willis said.

During this time, Middlebrooks believed the women were changing incorrect
answers, Willis said.

Later, Gloria Ivey, the fourth Dunbar teacher indicted in the case, agreed with
the group to "stick to the story" and tell investigators they did not know about
test cheating, Willis said.

All four Dunbar teachers have pleaded not guilty.

There are now 28 remaining defendants charged in the sweeping racketeering
conspiracy indictment. Prosecutors say more guilty pleas are expected to be
entered today and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              July 31, 2005 Sunday

BYLINE: Steve Fry Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 766 words


Witness indicated wrongdoing

Prosecution in retrial of Wittig and Lake stresses corporate jet use

By Steve Fry

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

KANSAS CITY, Kan. --- A professor at the Washburn University School of Law said
it made sense that the 24th and last prosecution witness to testify against
David Wittig and Douglas Lake would be Jenny Tryon, who told jurors that Wittig
repeatedly ordered her not to audit flight logs of the Westar Energy corporate
jets.

Tryon, director of Westar's internal audit, stepped out of the witness box at
the Robert J. Dole U.S. Courthouse as the five-week-long prosecution case ended
Tuesday.

At the end of their presentation, prosecutors needed "to have some kind of
direct evidence of wrongdoing," said Michael Kaye, a Washburn law school
professor and director of the Washburn Law Center for Excellence in Advocacy.

Tryon testified Wittig told her four times, "I don't want those logs audited."

Kaye said Tryon also was a logical choice as the final witness because she was a
neutral figure who just worked at Westar and someone, unlike some millionaire
witness, who is close to the economic status of the jurors.

Kaye, a former trial lawyer, has watched portions of the current retrial, as
well as the earlier trial of Wittig and Lake. After a 10-week trial in fall
2004, a jury deadlocked and couldn't decide any verdicts on 40 federal charges
linked to prosecution claims the two looted the utility.

Tryon's testimony tied in with prosecution evidence about the Westar corporate
aircraft and the second-to-the-last witness, John Meara, an accountant and
pilot, who calculated the personal use of Westar aircraft by Lake to be
$1,187,405 and by Wittig to be $963,949, both from 1998 to 2002.

Meara's testimony "can be damaging" because jurors could think that with those
numbers, there must be a theft, Kaye said. "You can't discount that kind of
witness."

The airplanes have always been a major part of the prosecution's case because
jurors can more easily understand the issue of the planes than more complex
financial topics, Kaye said.

Of the 40 charges against Wittig and Lake, the first is conspiracy, and personal
use of the Westar aircraft is the first overt act of the conspiracy that
prosecutors allege. The federal indictment alleges the defendants
"systematically used the corporate aircraft for their personal benefit,"
including a 10-day vacation to France and England in 2002 by Wittig and his
family and Lake's shuttles from Topeka to his primary home in New York and a
vacation home in West Palm Beach, Fla.

But the Achilles' heel for prosecutors is that Wittig has an explanation, that
he forbid the audit so the Kansas Corporation Commission, which had plagued him,
couldn't request the aircraft audit and logs, Kaye said. Any chief executive
officer concerned about a KCC proceeding could say he didn't want to do the
audit, Kaye said.

"There's no law against being a secretive CEO," Kaye said.

Overall, lead prosecutor Richard Hathaway prosecuted the same case as in 2004,
but he has tweaked it a bit, Kaye said.

"Personally, I think he's satisfied, and it's going the way he wanted it to go,"
Kaye said.

Hathaway revised the opening statement and changed the order of witnesses
somewhat. James Zakoura, the second-to-the-last-witness in the first trial, was
the first witness in this trial. Zakoura, an attorney representing high-volume
electrical customers, summarized the case during six days of testimony.

Jurors now are listening to witnesses called by the defendants. Wittig, who
didn't testify in the first trial, hasn't indicated he would testify this time.
Lake's attorneys twice have indicated Lake will sit in the witness chair.

"When Doug Lake testifies, jurors will be as interested as at any time in the
trial," Kaye said.

Prosecutors "are going to go after him," Kaye said. "Lake can't change his
story. If he does, they'll be ready."

In general, and not specifically about this case, Kaye said, "Retrials usually
are convictions," because the prosecutor knows the defense case when the second
trial rolls around.

Wittig, 50, of Topeka, former president, CEO and chairman of the board, and
Lake, 55, of New Canaan, Conn., former executive vice president and chief
strategic officer, are charged with one count each of conspiracy and forfeiture,
seven counts of wire fraud, 14 counts of circumventing internal controls, and 17
counts of money laundering.

The trial resumes at 9 a.m. Monday.

Steve Fry can be reached at (785) 295-1206 or steve.fry@cjonline.com.

Please see RETRIAL, Page 9A

Continued from Page 1A

Retrial: Airplane issue more easily understood

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                  May 5, 2008

New Jersey Appellate Division rules lawyer has duty to disclose other attorney's
wrongdoing

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 431  words


An attorney with actual knowledge of another lawyer's wrongdoing has a duty to
disclose it - even if the victim is not a client, the New Jersey Appellate
Division has ruled.

While acting in his capacity as an executor and administrator, a lawyer stole
more than $400,000 from three related estates. During his period as executor, he
had another lawyer, who worked in his office building and often shared files
with him, do some work for the estate. After the lawyer-executor died of cancer,
a new executor discovered his theft.

The estates then sued the second lawyer, claiming that he had an obligation to
report the other attorney's wrongdoing.

He argued that he had no attorney-client relationship with the estates.

But the court disagreed, reversing summary judgment for the lawyer.

"We are satisfied that [the lawyer] had an attorney-client relationship with
[one of the estates] between the months of June and September 2004. Such an
attorney-client relationship is supported by several facts and circumstances.
First, the foundation that [the lawyer] formed was created pursuant to a
specific bequest in [the client's] will, one that would control a substantial
portion of the residual assets in her estate. Second, [the lawyer] was paid for
his services out of the estate's bank accounts. Third, the estate benefited, at
least indirectly, from [his] work. Fourth, the executor of the estate, [the
lawyer-executor], was clearly not a responsible fiduciary, but instead was a
thief who repeatedly stole estate funds and property. Fifth, [the lawyer] did
not formalize his retention with any written agreement confining his
representation solely to the foundation, or to the executor. ...

Even if the other two ... estates, or for that matter, all three estates, were
classified as 'non-clients,' our law recognizes that a lawyer may at times owe
duties to a third party who is not his or her client. ... Here, the [three]
estates all implicitly relied upon [the lawyer] to be faithful to their best
interests, and to not turn a blind eye if he learned that the executor was
plundering estate funds. We have no difficulty, conceptually or otherwise, in
finding that [the lawyer] had a duty to report such circumstances of wrongdoing
if he indeed knew about it," the court said.

The court said the lawyer may have also violated the Rules of Professional
Conduct.

It remanded the case for trial, finding that the lawyer's actual knowledge of
the theft was an issue for a jury.

New Jersey Appellate Division. Estate of Spencer v. Gavin, No. A-0424006T5.
April 23, 2008. Lawyers USA No. 9939761.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

Fired Middle Smithfield Township zoning officer wins partial court victory

BYLINE: David Pierce, Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


June 14--Former Middle Smithfield Township zoning officer Wayne Rohner has won a
partial victory in a lawsuit alleging he was unjustly fired by township
supervisors in 2013 for refusing to sign off on completion of a school
expansion.

Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court -- in an opinion Wednesday by Judge Mary Hannah
Leavitt -- ruled that Rohner can pursue his claim that the firing violated the
whistleblower law, which protects government workers who report wrongdoing or
waste.

The appeals court, however, upheld another Monroe County Court ruling that there
is no "public policy" exception allowing him to pursue a claim of wrongful
dismissal.

Rohner contends he was dismissed from his job because he refused to issue a
certificate of compliance to the East Stroudsburg Area School District for
completion of an addition at Middle Smithfield Elementary School. Rohner said
the district failed to fully comply with its approved land development plan,
including failing to fix roof leaks.

The township has never publicly stated a reason for Rohner's dismissal, pointing
to state classification of zoning officers as "at will" employees without a
definite term of office, who can be dismissed at any time.

After Rohner refused in March 2013 to issue a certificate of compliance, the
school district appealed to the township Zoning Hearing Board. The zoning board
scheduled a May 28, 2013, hearing. The township suspended Rohner on May 13,
2013, fired him 15 days later and cancelled the hearing. A newly appointed
alternate zoning officer issued the certificate on June 7, 2013.

The appeals court ruling partially reverses an August 2014 decision by Monroe
County Judge Arthur Zulick, who ruled the refusal to grant a certificate didn't
constitute a "report of wrongdoing or waste" as defined in the whistleblower
law.

In Rohner's appeal, filed by Philadelphia attorney Cletus Lyman, he argued the
whistleblower law protects employees who report any wrongdoing, even if it is in
the course of performing a job duty. The township contended the law only
protects employees who file reports exposing wrongdoing by their employer.

Commonwealth Court sided with Rohner on this point.

"The trial court erred in holding that his denial of the certificate of
compliance to the school district was not a report of wrongdoing or waste within
the meaning of the whistleblower law," Judge Leavitt wrote. "Rohner's report
related specifically to the mission of his employer, i.e., enforcement of the
zoning laws."

State Commonwealth Court did uphold a county court ruling that no public policy
has been established to protect zoning officers who make unpopular decisions.

"It is not obvious that there is a clear public policy that protects zoning
officers from being fired because they do their job with too much zeal for
employer's taste," Leavitt wrote.

The appeals court ruling sends the whistleblower claim back to county court.
Township supervisors will file a formal answer to that complaint. Rohner will be
able seek township emails and other documents pertaining to the school issue and
his firing, and to take testimony from township officials, Lyman said.

If successful, Rohner might be entitled to regain his zoning job and receive
back pay, financial damages and attorney fees, Lyman said.

The township's attorney -- Heather Zalar Steele of Fisher & Phillips LLP --
called the ruling prohibiting a wrongful termination claim against Middle
Smithfield a victory.

"As to Mr. Rohner's other claim, under the Pennsylvania Whistleblower Act, the
Commonwealth Court did not find that the township violated the act," Steele
said. "Instead, the Commonwealth Court directed the parties to return to the
Court of Common Pleas to establish a full record on that claim."

She expressed confidence the township also will prevail on the whistleblower
provision once the case is decided.

___ (c)2015 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150614-1PO-Fired-Middle-Smithfield-Township-zoning-officer-wins-partial-court-
victory-0614-20150614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2015


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 30, 2007 Wednesday

Bush pledges clarity on Gonzales

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1042 words



WASHINGTON - President Bush said Thursday he would address any wrongdoing
uncovered by congressional or other investigations related to the firings of
eight federal prosecutors, but added that new allegations have not swayed his
support for Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. "If there's wrongdoing, it will
be taken care of," Bush told reporters at a Rose Garden news conference.
Congress and the Justice Department are conducting separate probes into the
firings, which Democrats say were improperly political. The Democrat-led Senate,
meanwhile, scheduled a no-confidence vote on Gonzales in mid-June. "It is the
sense of the Senate that Attorney General Alberto Gonzales no longer holds the
confidence of the Senate and of the American people," it reads. Chiefly
sponsored by Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer of New York and Dianne Feinstein of
California, the measure contains no preamble setting out the reasons behind the
resolution, an omission made in hopes of drawing more votes. Chinese
toothpastetested for chemical
WASHINGTON - The government is stopping all imports of Chinese toothpaste to
test for a deadly chemical reportedly found in tubes sold elsewhere in the
world. The Food and Drug Administration is testing the Chinese toothpaste for
diethylene glycol, a chemical commonly used in antifreeze and brake fluid,
spokesman Doug Arbesfeld said Thursday. The imports will be released only if
they test negative for the chemical. The FDA began the tests following reports
that tainted Chinese toothpaste was sold in Australia, the Dominican Republic
and Panama, Arbesfeld said. "There is absolutely no evidence of this toothpaste
in the U.S., but it is what we believe a prudent and cautionary measure to
protect the health of the American public," Arbesfeld said.Irish voters
decidefate of leadership
DUBLIN, Ireland - Voters decided Thursday whether to stick with the 10-year-old
government of Prime Minister Bertie Ahern or dump him, amid rising concern over
Ireland's painful cost of living, crime and overwhelmed hospitals. The elections
have been the most competitive in decades, raising the possibility of a "hung"
parliament in which nobody commands a majority. Analysts and Ireland's legions
of gamblers say Ahern is a favorite to remain prime minister - but that any of
the smaller parties in parliament could end up with the balance of power. At
stake is whether Ireland's center-right government will turn left.Judge says
oathsOK with other texts
RALEIGH, N.C. - Witnesses and jurors being sworn in at state courthouses can
take their oath using any religious text, not just the Bible, a judge ruled
Thursday. The ruling from Judge Paul Ridgeway came after the American Civil
Liberties Union argued that limiting that text to the Bible alone was
unconstitutional because it favored Christianity over other religions. The issue
surfaced after Muslims from Greensboro tried to donate copies of the Quran to
Guilford County's two courthouses. Two judges declined to accept the texts,
saying that taking an oath on the Quran was illegal under state law.Japan seeks
strongerglobal warming goal
TOKYO - The world should aim to cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2050 as
part of a new global warming pact to succeed the Kyoto Protocol, Japanese Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe said Thursday. Abe, who plans to present his idea at the
Group of Eight summit in Germany in June, said the proposed climate change
treaty must be flexible enough to draw all nations' participation. "Global
warming is an issue that should be addressed by the entire world," Abe said at a
banquet in Tokyo. "It is indispensable to establish a new framework in which
both industrialized and developing countries address this issue together." The
Kyoto Protocol, signed in Japan in 1997, requires some 35 industrialized nations
to cut greenhouse gas emissions 5 percent from 1990 levels by 2012.Injured
governormakes seat-belt ad
TRENTON, N.J. - "I'm New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine, and I should be dead." So
begins Corzine's public service announcement promoting seat belt use, which was
released Thursday. The governor was critically injured in an April 12 car crash
in which he wasn't wearing a seat belt. Corzine worked with the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration on the message, taping it May 15 at the governor's
mansion in Princeton, where he is recuperating. Video and audio versions were
released to radio and television outlets nationwide. In the ad, the 60-year-old
Corzine details his injuries as video plays of the wrecked SUV he was riding in.
He broke his leg, 11 ribs, collarbone and sternum in the crash and spent 18 days
in the hospital.Study: Dems' racedrawing most press
NEW YORK - By a wide margin, the news media concentrated on Democratic
presidential contenders more than Republicans during the first three months of
2007, according to a study issued Thursday. Campaign stories in newspapers, on
television, online and on the radio focused on Democrats 61 percent of the time
and on Republicans 24 percent, said the Project for Excellence in Journalism,
which regularly monitors 48 different outlets to gauge coverage trends. But
don't look to political bias as the most obvious explanation. A fascination with
the showdown between Democrats Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama is a big
factor, said Tom Rosenstiel, the project's director.Edwards criticizesBush, GOP
field
MONTGOMERY, Ala. - Democratic presidential contender John Edwards argued
Thursday that President Bush has made the nation less safe and the Republican
candidates are trying to become "a bigger, badder George Bush." Edwards' remarks
came one day after he challenged the idea of a global war on terror, calling it
an ideological doctrine advanced by the Bush administration that has strained
the U.S. military and emboldened terrorists. Bush told reporters Thursday that
Edwards' view was naive. A short time later, during an appearance in Montgomery,
Ala., Edwards answered back: "George Bush has made America less safe and less
respected in the world. What we are seeing now in this campaign is John McCain,
Rudy Giuliani and the other Republicans running for president of the United
States are trying to be a bigger, badder George Bush."
- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

HSBC will pay $62.5m to settle Madoff lawsuit

BYLINE: guardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 553 words

ABSTRACT

HSBC warns the settlement should not be construed as an admission of wrongdoing
or liability

FULL TEXT

HSBC has agreed to pay $62.5m (£38m)to settle legal action in New York filed by
Bernard Madoff's fraud victims.

In a regulatory filing Europe's biggest bank said it has entered a settlement
with Dublin-based Thema investors and that the settlement should not be
construed as an admission of wrongdoing or liability. HSBC is the target of a
number of law suits and investigations concerning its role in the Madoff
scandal.

HSBC units acted as custodian for Thema and other funds that funnelled money to
Madoff. Thema purportedly had assets of $1.1bn on 30 November 2008 but as with
the other Madoff-related funds most of these assets were fictitious. The real
value of the fund was $312m, according to HSBC.

Irving Picard, court-appointed trustee to represent Madoff's victims, sued HSBC
for $9bn last December, accusing the bank of enabling the Madoff fraud through
an international network of "feeder funds" set up in Europe, the Caribbean and
Central America. The bank was "wilfully and deliberately blind to the fraud,
even after learning about numerous red flags surrounding Madoff" according to
Picard's legal action. .

The settlement only covers Thema's fund, the bank said in a statement, and
"shall in no way be construed or deemed to be evidence of or an admission or
concession with respect to any claim of any fault or liability or wrongdoing or
damage whatsoever." In regards to other Madoff-related claims, HSBC said it "has
good defences," and it "will continue to defend the other Madoff- related
proceedings vigorously."

Last month HSBC tried to have Picard's suit thrown out of court. In a legal
filing the bank said it did not know of Madoff's fraud and lost $1bn of its
money investing with .

The settlement comes as Madoff's former payroll manager, Eric Lipkin, has
pleaded guilty in a New York court after being charged with involvement in the
Wall Street trader's multibillion-dollar fraud.

Lipkin, 37, admitted on Monday night that he "worked to deceive auditors". He
pleaded guilty to six criminal counts, including falsifying documents and bank
fraud, in a hearing in Manhattan federal court. The plea was part of an
agreement to co-operate with the US government in its investigation of the
biggest Ponzi scheme in US history.

Lipkin admitted that he had doctored documents to show holdings in nonexistent
accounts, added fake employees to the Madoff payroll and lied to get a
construction loan. US district judge Laura Taylor Swain told Lipkin he could
face up to 70 years in prison.

Lipkin, the ninth person to be charged with involvement in the fraud, was
released on a $2.5m (£1.5m) bond pending sentencing. He told the court that "I'd
like to first apologise to my family, my friends and all the victims in the
case."

Prosecutors have obtained guilty pleas from Madoff's former accountant, David
Friehling, and a key Madoff associate, Frank DiPascali Jr, who faces 125 years
in prison. Five other former Madoff employees who have pleaded not guilty, await
trial before Swain.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE accused a man of a despise wrongdoing and
criminal harm to property.

LENGTH: 563  words


Wright, 31, showed up Thursday under the watchful eye of Cook County Judge
Donald Panarese Jr. on charges of abhor wrongdoing and criminal harm to
property. Panarese censured Wright`s asserted conduct, saying "we can`t endure
this kind of direct," before setting safeguard at $150,000.

As indicated by prosecutors, development laborers close to the synagogue heard
glass break around 12:30 a.m. Saturday and saw Wright escape from the scene in
what was later distinguished as Wright`s dad`s SUV.

Protection lawyer Michael T. Byrne in court Thursday said Wright functions as an
ensured open bookkeeper and has a graduate degree in bookkeeping. His family
lives in Oak Brook.

"It`s critical for individuals never to judge anybody without knowing every one
of the realities," Byrne said after the bond hearing. Byrne declined to remark
promote.

The wrongdoing frightened Chicagoans of all beliefs. Synagogue President Lee
Zoldan said it was the principal assault since the synagogue opened its
entryways in 1959.

"It presents to us some conclusion," Zoldan said of the capture. "[Wright`s]
blameless until demonstrated liable, yet the reality we have some person who
[police are] conveying charges to, that is a begin."

The synagogue had presented to $3,000 as a reward for data prompting to a
presume`s capture.

By Monday evening the synagogue`s front entryway had been shrouded in letters of
support from neighbors of all confidence.

Nearby religious pioneers drove an "interfaith get-together" at twelve
Wednesday. Zoldan said the social event was gone to by more than 1,000
individuals of Muslim, Jewish and Christian beliefs.

"You couldn`t get parking spots for four pieces in any heading," Zoldan said.

The social occasion was driven by the Chicago-based Jewish United Fund.

"All Americans try to live in a general public that is free from separation,
from dread," Aaron Cohen, the store`s VP of interchanges, said Monday. "When
anybody supposes it is open season on those qualities, for reasons unknown, then
we as a whole remain to lose."

He who destroyed a Downtown synagogue with swastika stickers is a neighborhood
racial oppressor who has a swastika tattoo on his back, a tipster advised police
before Stuart Wright`s capture.

As per prosecutors, Wright drove up to the Chicago Loop Synagogue at 16 S. Clark
St. around 12:30 a.m. Saturday, crushed a window and ruined the building`s front
entryway with swastika stickers before clearing out.

Amid a bond hearing Thursday, Assistant State`s Attorney Lorraine Scaduto
noticed that Saturday is the Sabbath, a holy day in the Jewish confidence.

The window harm is assessed at $4,000, prosecutors said.

Police captured Wright on Tuesday close to his home in the 2000 square of South
Loomis Street in Pilsen, court records appear. Officers had gotten an unknown
tip in the wake of discharging reconnaissance film of the assault on Sunday.

The tipster depicted Wright as a racial oppressor with a swastika tattoo on his
back who regularly set up swastika stickers close to his home, Scaduto said.
Police found in Wright`s loft a handout titled "How to claim a n - ."

At the season of Saturday`s assault, Wright was free on bond for a pending
DuPage district case including disturbed ambush with a fatal weapon, Scaduto
said. Officers could match Wright`s fingerprints to those found on the swastika
stickers Saturday. 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            June 14, 1997, Saturday,

N-PLANT AGAIN FACING CHARGES;
 A LETTER ASSERTS THAT AN ASSESSMENT OF RISKS AT MAINE YANKEE WAS ALTERED TO
MAKE CONDITIONS APPEAR BETTER.

BYLINE: Tux Turkel Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 685 words


The Maine Yankee nuclear plant is once again the target of anonymous charges
that engineers downplayed past safety problems.

Federal nuclear regulators Monday are expected to receive five notebooks said to
contain evidence of wrongdoing in how safety risks were evaluated in 1992 at
Maine Yankee.

The documents come from an unnamed source who presented the information late
last month to the Union of Concerned Scientists, a Washington-based nuclear
watchdog group. After reviewing the material, the group contacted the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission late Thursday.

''We haven't been able to confirm or discount the allegations,'' said David
Lochbaum, the watchdog group's nuclear safety engineer.

The NRC also was trying to decide Friday if the charges were valid and how
significant they might be.

''It's too soon to tell,'' said Diane Screnci, a spokeswoman for the NRC's
regional office in Pennsylvania. ''But we're treating it seriously.''

The U.S. Attorney's Office in Portland is already engaged in a criminal
investigation prompted by similar allegations of wrongdoing involving Maine
Yankee made in 1995. That case centers on computer codes used to ensure that
Maine Yankee operates safely.

Screnci said the latest allegations also would be forwarded to the U.S.
Attorney's Office if the NRC found any evidence of wrongdoing.

Maine Yankee has been closed since December, when an electrical inspection found
some improperly crossed cables. Company officials recently announced that they
intend to make the shutdown permanent if a buyer cannot be found for the
25-year-old plant.

Peco Energy Co., an energy wholesaler, has expressed interest in buying the
plant. On Thursday, a delegation of employees and local legislators was in
Washington to seek congressional support for such a sale.

The latest allegations of wrongdoing came in a two-page letter that accompanied
the notebooks. The charges deal with the way Yankee Atomic Electric Co. of
Bolton, Mass., an engineering firm and longtime consultant to Maine Yankee,
prepared assessments that measure risks at the plant based on how various safety
systems interact with each other. The whistleblower asserted that some of these
assessments were altered to make conditions look better than they should have.

Spokeswomen for both Yankee Atomic and Maine Yankee said Friday they were
reviewing the charges and couldn't make any specific comments at this time.

The letter writer also refers to the similar charges made anonymously to the
Union of Concerned Scientists in 1995. The 1995 charges stated that Yankee
Atomic and Maine Yankee purposely skewed computer code calculations and that
Maine Yankee used those calculations in 1989 to justify generating more power
than it otherwise would have been allowed to produce.

The 1995 allegations are serious because they call into question how the plant
would have performed in the kind of loss-of-coolant accident that crippled the
Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania in 1979.

The new allegations center on a process used by safety regulators to set
spending and maintenance priorities in a nuclear plant. The process asks three
basic questions: What can go wrong? How likely is it that a given problem will
occur? What's the possible outcome?

The letter writer said, for instance, that there may be problems with the
assessment of a ventilation system that protects a room where electric switching
gear is kept. Alarms that were to protect this area may not have been installed,
the writer charged.

Lochbaum said that these and other issues raised by the whistle-blower didn't by
themselves seem to pose a serious threat. But combined with the possible
inadequacy of Maine Yankee's coolant system, as alleged in 1995, the situation
could be serious. And he wonders if Yankee Atomic may have performed faulty
analyses of other safety systems at Maine Yankee.

____________________________________________________________________________

FOR LINKS to information on Maine Yankee, see the Press Herald's World Wide Web
site:

www.portland.com


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  With sidebar Maine Yankee

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

BNY Mellon hit with suit over housing crisis

BYLINE: by CHRIS FLEISHER

LENGTH: 429 words


Bank of New York Mellon is being sued by a German lender over $750 million in
losses related to mortgage-backed securities that went sour during the housing
crisis.

In a lawsuit filed Dec. 23 in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, Commerzbank AG
accused BNY Mellon of breaching its "financial and fiduciary duties" in
overseeing 72 trusts that invested in risky home loans.

The loans had been bundled into securities and sold to Commerzbank between 2005
and 2007, a period when shoddy lending practices led to massive defaults and
caused the financial crisis.

BNY Mellon spokesman Kevin Heine said the lawsuit was without merit.

"It misconstrues our limited role as trustee in such deals and we will
vigorously defend against it," Heine wrote in an email.

BNY Mellon is based in New York and has about 7,000 employees in Pittsburgh.

Commerzbank brought similar lawsuits last week against three other banks ""
Deutsche Bank National Trust Co., Wells Fargo and HSBC Bank USA "" though the
financial losses claimed against BNY Mellon are the largest of the four.
Commerz-bank is trying to recover a total of $1.9 billion.

The financial damages sought by Commerzbank should not be the biggest concern
for the banks, said analyst Paul Gulberg of Portales Partners in New York. Any
finding of wrongdoing could open the door for other claims against them.

"The issue is opening up the whole Pandora's box of who else might come after
them if they acknowledge (wrongdoing) in any kind of settlement," Gulberg said.

The Commerzbank lawsuit comes as BNY Mellon fends off similar claims from a
group of pension funds that includes the Westmoreland County Employee Retirement
System. The pension funds sued the bank in 2011, accusing it of causing billions
of dollars in damages for its role overseeing mortgage-backed securities of
Countrywide Financial Corp., which collapsed during the financial crisis.
Countrywide had been the nation's largest mortgage lender before being acquired
by Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America in July 2008.

Two weeks ago, a federal judge in Manhattan District Court rejected BNY Mellon's
bid to dismiss the pension funds case.

Banks have paid billions of dollars to resolve claims over their role in causing
the housing crisis. In August 2014, Bank of America reached a record $16.65
billion settlement with the Justice Department over charges that it misled
investors into buying troubled mortgage-backed securities. It was the largest
civil settlement with a single entity in American history.

Chris Fleisher is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       June 2, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Traveler's Aid;
Q&A ON TRAVEL

BYLINE: Compiled by Alan Patureau

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 03K

LENGTH: 323 words


Q: As passengers who feel we were ripped off, how can we join the class-action
suit against the cruise lines for excessive port charges? - Brendann Jordan,
Gainesville

A: If you cruised aboard one of the seven major lines being sued - Carnival,
Royal Caribbean, Celebrity, Kloster (Norwegian Cruise Line), Princess,
Renaissance and Holland America - wait to see if the courts certify as class
actions the seven cases filed in late April. New York lawyer Joseph Lipofsky
expects rulings by June 30. If you were on another cruise line, call Lipofsky at
800-721-3900 or write him at his law firm, Zwerling, Schacter, Zwerling &
Koppell, 767 Third Ave., 22nd Floor, New York, N.Y. 10017. Since the initial
dozen passenger complaints led to suits and media coverage, almost 1,000
passengers have contacted the lawyers. Lipofsky accuses the cruise lines of
deceptive business practices and seeks refunds totaling $ 200 million (about $
100 per passenger) for people who paid port charges in the last four years. What
led to these hidden charges? "Intense competition," says Lipofsky. "The lines
were forced to cut cruise prices, and they made up the difference by adding the
port charges."

Q: What's the weather like this month in London, Paris and Germany? We're going
on a trip and I don't know whether to pack for cool weather or warm. - Michele
Kendrick, Alpharetta

A: Northern Europe is on the same latitude as Newfoundland and can be
surprisingly nippy on a June morning. The average daily temperature range for
London is 51 to 68; for Paris, 55 to 73; and Frankfurt, Germany,53 to 72. This
is roughly similar to what we experience in Atlanta in April.

Do you have a question? Call our hotline at 404-222-2771; you'll have 30
seconds. Leave your full name, city and phone number. Or write: Travel Q&A,
Features Department, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta,
Ga. 30302.

Geoquiz answer: Malaysia

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           September 24, 2006 Sunday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Firm cleared of violating bid process for artificial turf

BYLINE: Shari L. Berg

SECTION: METRO; Pg. N-1

LENGTH: 333 words


State Auditor General Jack Wagner has found no wrongdoing by the company that
installed artificial turf last year at Seneca Valley School District's football
field.

A review by Mr. Wagner's office found that Sprinturf, headquartered near
Philadelphia, did not violate the competitive bidding process by submitting a
bid to Seneca Valley and later sending a letter that said the district might be
eligible for a $320,000 discount on the $640,000 cost.

The company said the discount might be possible through what it called a
Marketing Brand Awareness program.

Seneca Valley awarded the contract to Sprinturf and paid the company $640,000 to
install the turf. The district did not receive a discount.

Sprinturf officials later said the money was not available and that Seneca
Valley would be put on a list with another school district to receive the
discount, if and when money became available.

State legislators later asked the state auditor general to look into the matter,
school board members said.

In a letter to Seneca Valley that school board President Dean Berkebile read at
the Sept. 11 board meeting, Mr. Wagner said the company had been cleared of any
wrongdoing. The letter said four other Pennsylvania school districts had
received similar bids from Sprinturf that included the discount written into the
official bid, and those districts had hired the company based on the discount.

At the time Seneca Valley was deciding on the contract, district solicitor Matt
Hoffman advised board members that they were not to consider the discount in
their decision because it was not part of the official bid and only the offer on
the table could legally be considered.

The district had received lower bids for the work, but district Athletic
Director Greg Caprara suggested Sprinturf's product was superior and that the
company that had offered the lower bid did not have a satisfactory warranty.

Board members voted 6-2 to contract with Sprinturf for the work, and the turf
was installed in August 2005.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shari L. Berg is a freelance writer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 24, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CAMPAIGN FINANCE: WASHINGTON AT WORK;
From Chairman of House Inquiry, No Apologies for Aggressive Style

BYLINE: By ELAINE SCIOLINO

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1809 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 23


Representative Dan Burton is a take-no-prisoners politician of the right,
unbowed by his critics and proud of his combativeness.

Accused of turning the House investigation of campaign fund-raising abuses into
a wasteful, partisan charade, besieged as well by allegations of wrongdoing in
his own fund-raising, the Indiana Republican may get to open his committee's
long-awaited, multimillion-dollar hearings as early as next week.

Mr. Burton insists that he will uncover more wrongdoing by the Democrats than
the parallel inquiry in the Senate.

Serendipitously for him, perhaps, the Senate hearings have now turned from their
headline-grabbing examination of Democratic abuses to the loftier but less
exciting search for remedies for the entire campaign finance system.

But will the former insurance and real estate agent, who attended a seminary but
never got a college degree, be able to deliver? Or is he too extreme to do a
good job?

His political enemies hope he will explode under the klieg lights. "The real Dan
Burton is a partisan attack dog," said Mike Harmless, executive director of the
Indiana Democratic Party. "If he just is himself in these hearings, he could
self-destruct on national TV."

Supporters and opponents of the 59-year-old Mr. Burton agree on one thing: that
his confrontational style stems from the poverty and brutality he endured as a
child.

"In those days the slang was 'poor white trash,' and a lot of people called us
that," Mr. Burton's brother, Woody Burton, an Indiana state legislator, said in
an interview at his home in suburban Indianapolis. "People said we'd never
amount to anything. We had to prove ourselves."

Representative Paul E. Kanjorski, a Pennsylvania Democrat who sits on Mr.
Burton's committee, has a slightly different view.

"People who suffer from disabilities never feel adequately provided for -- they
lose sympathy for others," Mr. Kanjorski said. "Dan Burton is one of those
people."

Mr. Burton's "disability" was that he suffered at the hands of his father,
Charles W. Burton, whom he describes as an old-fashioned con man who moved the
family to trailer parks and motels in 38 states and dealt with life's
frustrations by beating his wife and slapping around their three children. The
father spent two years in prison for kidnapping his wife after she had left him.
Dan and his brother and sister spent months in a county home waiting for their
mother to recover from the trauma.

"Looking back on my life, I think one of the reasons I'm so aggressive is
because all through my childhood we were looked upon as second-class citizens,"
Mr. Burton told an interviewer from The Indianapolis Star earlier this year.

Asked by ABC News in 1994 how the experience had affected him as a husband and a
father, Mr. Burton replied: "Well, I have a temper. I can remember at times I'd
hit the wall or hit a door or something." But never his wife or children. "I
didn't do that, wouldn't do that," he said.

While he has pledged to avoid becoming "an ax-wielding serial killer" with his
investigation, his temper still flares. He declined to be interviewed or
photographed for this article. "You tell them they can go fly a kite," Mary Ann
Carter, a freelance assigned to photograph him, quoted him as directing her to
tell her editors.

Unlike Senator Fred Thompson, the Tennessee Republican who heads the Senate
investigation, Mr. Burton has an open-ended mandate that can run as long as he
wants it to, or at least until he exhausts his budget: $3.8 million, with an
additional $7 million in reserve. That scares Democrats, who suggest that the
hearings by his panel, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, will
produce little, waste money and end up making all its members look silly.

Representative Henry A. Waxman of California, the committee's ranking Democrat,
has fired off dozens of letters to Mr. Burton accusing him of "cavalier
treatment" in conducting "a partisan witch hunt."

In a letter in July, Mr. Waxman accused Mr. Burton's investigation of making
erroneous charges, misleading a material witness, issuing a subpoena to the
wrong individual, refusing to share a database with the committee's Democrats,
preparing a budget without consulting the Democrats and holding secret meetings.

"It's a mess," Mr. Waxman said in an interview.

Indeed, last week, as the hearings approached, Mr. Burton was forced to delay
them when the first three witnesses unexpectedly demanded immunity from
prosecution. (The committee will take up the issue on Wednesday.) Democrats
seized on the delay as further proof of a flawed investigation.

"He is not trained as a lawyer and has not sharpened his skills in analysis,"
Mr. Kanjorski said. "His staff is weak and ideological."

Back home in Indiana, Mr. Burton was lauded on Sunday by worshipers at the East
91st Street Christian Church outside Indianapolis, where he is a member, as a
misunderstood warrior doing the Lord's work.

"There is a term, 'servant-leader,' that is used frequently among Christians,"
one congregant, Ann Fulk, a former executive of Eli Lilly & Company, said as she
lingered after services. "That term really describes best how Dan Burton is
leading in Congress."

Among these and other constituents, there is little patience for criticism of
Mr. Burton for even his most brazen pronouncements: his call for President
George Bush to use nuclear weapons to defeat Iraq; the legislation he introduced
that would have required mandatory AIDS testing of every person in America; his
stated assumption that the Clinton Administration taps his phones; his effort to
prove that it was murder, not suicide, that took the life of the White House
aide Vincent W. Foster Jr., by trying to re-enact it in his own backyard by
shooting bullets into a head-like object.

"The news media likes to bring out Foster's death and make fun of Dan because he
questioned it," said Bill Dowden, a retired stockbroker who has known Mr. Burton
for three decades. "But there are still myriads of questions."

Mr. Burton's supporters back home also agree with his assessment that he and
Paula Corbin Jones, the woman who has accused President Clinton of making an
unwanted sexual advance, have something in common.

On NBC's "Meet the Press" recently, Mr. Burton compared the F.B.I. seizure of
his campaign records two months ago to the I.R.S. audit of Ms. Jones. The
Government, he said, has undertaken an orchestrated campaign against people like
them, going after "almost anybody who's looking into allegations against this
President."

"Shoot the messenger -- that's what they're trying to do," Lynn Bradford, a
psychologist, said at the gathering at the church on Sunday.

Mr. Burton is considered a devotee of exotic causes, a byproduct of his rigorous
anti-Communist ideology and the seat he has held on the House International
Relations Committee ever since he first joined Congress 14 years ago.

A compulsive fund-raiser, he has earned an uneven campaign finance record of his
own.

He has accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal contributions from
lobbyists and others promoting Guatemala, Pakistan, Turkey, Aruba, an
independent homeland for Khalistan in India's Punjab State and more -- sometimes
injecting speeches promoting their causes into the Congressional Record.

He raised so much money for his last run for Congress that the campaign came
away with a surplus of more than $900,000. The Democrats have not yet found a
candidate to run against him in 1998.

As the oft-forgotten co-creator of the Helms-Burton Act, which penalizes foreign
companies that ignore American claims on property and machinery that the Castro
Government seized from them in Cuba nearly 40 years ago, he has garnered
generous campaign contributions from Cuban-Americans.

One onetime lobbyist for Pakistan, Mark A. Siegel, professor of political
management at George Washington University and former executive director of the
Democratic National Committee, has charged that Mr. Burton threatened to shut
down his access on Capitol Hill last year unless he came up with $5,000 in
political donations.

"This is all immoral and unethical and also illegal," said Mr. Siegel. "This has
been pretty rough on me. But he goes on national television and calls me a
liar."

Mr. Burton has acknowledged expressing disappointment with Mr. Siegel's
fund-raising efforts but has denied trying to extort money from him; a Federal
grand jury is examining the issue.

Mr. Burton, now in his eighth term in Congress, was also recently forced to
return money from Sikh temples and a lobbyist for the late deposed dictator of
Zaire, Mobutu Sese Seko.

The sums at issue may be paltry next to the millions of Democratic dollars under
scrutiny by Congressional and Justice Department investigators. But the question
facing Mr. Burton is whether a steady drip of reports about his relationships
with lobbyists and campaign contributors will take the gloss off his own
investigation.

Asked on "Meet the Press" whether he had made fund-raising calls from his
office, the same Federal offense Republicans attribute to Mr. Clinton, Mr.
Burton gave a response almost identical to that of the President. "I can't say
never, categorically, but I don't remember ever making them," he said.

He does not apologize.

"Pure baloney," he told constituents in his district recently about the charges
against him. "I am clean as a pin, as far as I know."

Certainly Mr. Burton has a creative fund-raising style. In June, he sent a
four-page direct-mail fund-raising letter to some 30,000 people, under the name
of his brother Woody. The letter included an illustration of Dan Burton dressed
like the movie hero Indiana Jones, cracking a whip outside the White House, with
the caption, "The Adventures of Indiana Dan in the City of Lost Liberals."

"The liberal media is determined that he will have to fight to get to the truth,
and fight for re-election," said the letter. It added, "Dan did not want to
bother you with this," even though it was paid for and authorized by Dan
Burton's campaign committee.

Mr. Harmless, of the Indiana Democratic Party, called the ad a "disgrace," in
which "the person who is leading the investigation into campaign violations is
out trivializing the whole process and using it as a fund-raising ploy."

Dan and Woody Burton thought the ad was wonderful.

"I thought I looked pretty good in the picture," Congressman Burton said on
"Meet the Press."

Woody Burton said the letter raised $30,000 or more. "I don't see anything wrong
with a little humor and a little levity," he said. He also defended his brother
against name-calling. "They call him a pit bull, a right-winger, a radical, all
kinds of other names," Woody Burton said. "But he's much more stable than people
think."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Dan Burton, shown here in June, leads the House
panel that may open hearings into campaign finance as early as next week. Mr.
Burton pledges to uncover any Democratic wrongdoing. (Paul Hosefros/The New York
Times)(pg. A24)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     February 1, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

John F. Wood, Partner, Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP to Speak at The Knowledge
Group's Webcast

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 466  words


New York, NY,  February 01, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, has announced today that John F. Wood, Partner will speak at the
Knowledge Group's webcast entitled: "The Yates Memo and the Evolving FCPA
Enforcement Paradigm in the 2017 Landscape Live Webcast". This event is
scheduled for February 7, 2017 from 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm (ET).

For further details, please visit:

https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2279

About John F. Wood

John F. Wood is a partner in Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP's Washington, D.C.
office. He is chairman of the firm's Defense Industry Practice Group and focuses
his practice on providing compliance program-related advice to corporations and
conducting internal corporate investigations. Prior to joining Hughes Hubbard,
John served as United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, the
chief federal law enforcement official for that district.

About Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP

Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP is an international law firm ranked for ten years,
including five years in a row as the top-ranked New York-based firm, on The
American Lawyer's A-List of what the magazine calls "the top firms among the
nation's legal elite." Our attorneys advise and represent clients in over 30
specialized practices from offices in New York, Washington, D.C., Paris, Los
Angeles, Miami, Jersey City, Kansas City, and Tokyo. For more information,
please visit www.hugheshubbard.com.

Event Synopsis:

Last September 10, 2016, the Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates released a memo
entitled "Individual Accountability for Corporate Wrongdoing," now known as the
"Yates Memo," to provide a strengthened focus on individual liability for
alleged corporate wrongdoing.

In this live webcast, a seasoned panel of thought leaders and professionals
assembled by The Knowledge Group will help the audience understand all the
important issues surrounding the Yates Memo and the evolving FCPA enforcement
landscape. Speakers will provide the audience with the fundamentals as well as
recent developments with regard to this significant topic.

Key topics include:

- Yates Memo - An Overview

- FCPA Enforcement Trends

- SEC Broken Windows Enforcement

- Trends and Developments

- What Lies Ahead in 2017?

About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased,
objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and
regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to
deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in
a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit:
http://theknowledgegroup.org

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

DOJ bid to delay Trentadue probe disclosure going nowhere fast

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson and Robert Boczkiewicz The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; Breaking

LENGTH: 393 words


Updated: 2:12 PM- A request by the U.S. Department of Justice to delay
disclosure of details of an investigation into the death of a federal prison
inmate has gone nowhere fast.

Government lawyers told the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals they need time to
decide whether to ask the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an order that requires
the submission of documents to Salt Lake City attorney Jesse Trentadue, brother
of the deceased prisoner.

On Tuesday, they filed a request with the Denver-based appeals court to allow
them to wait until February to turn over the records.

That same day, the 10th Circuit said "no." And today, the court issued a mandate
that put into effect its order that the records be produced for Trentadue.

Trentadue has been trying for years to get more information about what happened
to his brother, who was found hanged in his cell in a federal prison in Oklahoma
City in 1995.

The lawyer maintains Kenneth Trentadue, a convicted bank robber being held on an
alleged parole violation, was beaten and killed during an interrogation by
guards who mistook him for a suspect in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah
building two months earlier.

The death was ruled a suicide after several investigations and the government
has denied wrongdoing.

However, Jesse Trentadue rejected that finding and filed requests under the
federal Freedom of Information Act for information on the death. Many of his
requests were denied, prompting him to file lawsuits in Utah against the
agencies holding the documents.

One suit targets the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, an agency
that investigates allegations of wrongdoing by federal officials. The Integrity
Committee, a subdivision of the council, said releasing the documents would
violate the privacy of government employees and denied the records request.

After a judge in Utah upheld the committee's decision, Trentadue appealed to the
10th Circuit. A three-judge panel ruled in September that most of the
information must be disclosed.

Lawyers for the government then asked the full court to reconsider, saying that
Trentadue's allegations of wrongdoing by Justice Department officials for
refusing to release the records are "unsubstantiated."

The 10th Circuit last week said the allegations "were adequately supported" and
declined to reverse the panel's ruling.

pmanson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 25, 1999, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Duluth securities firm hit with fines;
Brokers accused of bilking clients

BYLINE: Craig Schneider

SECTION: GWINNETT EXTRA; Pg. 01JJ

LENGTH: 648 words


A Duluth brokerage firm has paid about $ 2.35 million in fines, judgments and
settlements for lax oversight of brokers, some of whom officials say bilked
people with fraudulent investment schemes.

WMA Securities Inc. acknowledged Wednesday that allegations of improper business
activities have been lodged against about 100 of its brokers. Company attorneys
would say only that some of those brokers have been fired, some cleared.

The firm has its headquarters in Duluth but employs upwards of 9,000 independent
contractors across the nation, including some in metro Atlanta. None of the
fraudulent actions occurred in Georgia, stressed Sarah Estes, an Atlanta
attorney for WMA. But the firm has run into trouble in Arizona, Ohio, Idaho,
California and Texas.

In particular, the company agreed to repay some $ 1.9 million to 53 Arizona
investors who lost their money, said Mark Dinell, an attorney with the Arizona
Corporation Commission, a state agency that oversees brokers. Consequently, the
firm fired a half dozen brokers, Dinell said. A lawsuit was filed by the state
and settled in November.

The wrongdoings focused on the improper activity known as "selling away," in
which a broker sells investments not approved by his firm, without the firm's
knowledge. Such behavior is prohibited by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, which regulates brokerage firms. Some of the Arizona deals included
schemes in which brokers led people to fraudulent investments in 1996, said
Dinell.

"The firm failed to adequately supervise its sales staff. The investors lost all
their money," said Dinell, noting that the firm was also assessed $ 100,000 in
state fines.

Elsewhere, victims of WMA brokers included two Ohio retirees who last week won
an arbitration panel judgment against the company.

The two men had hired a broker in WMA's Cincinnati office to help them invest
their retirement money. The broker led them to invest about $ 228,000 in
promissory notes issued by First Lenders Indemnity Corp., said Kalju Nekvasil,
an attorney representing the two men. The promissory notes were subsequently
determined by the Securities and Exchange Commission to be a fraudulent "Ponzi
scheme," said Nekvasil.

"They take your money, steal part of it, charge you large commissions, and
there's no chance of a person making money on the investments," said Nekvasil.

In an unusual move, a three-member arbitration panel appointed by the National
Association of Securities Dealers not only awarded the two men the amount they
lost and interest, which amounted to $ 199,000 for one retiree and $ 65,000 for
the other, but also tagged WMA with the men's legal fees of $ 80,000, and $
5,100 in administration fees.

Meanwhile, Idaho officials assessed administrative penalties against the firm of
$ 10,000 last September and penalized the firm's Twin Falls office supervisor $
3,000 in January. The supervisor was placing his signature approval on blank
forms for new investment accounts, and was not reviewing new accounts when they
came in, said Marilyn Scanlan of the Idaho Department of Finance.

Also, the California Department of Corporations is looking into allegations that
WMA brokers bilked people with fraudulent investments. WMA attorneys were in Los
Angeles on Wednesday to discuss the matter with officials, said Bill McDonald,
enforcement director for the department.

And in Texas, the firm is involved in an arbitration case lodged by four
investors who say they were victims of three unscrupulous brokers.

Company attorneys stressed that the problems represent only a small part of the
Gwinnett-based company's business, and that more supervisors have been added to
watch over brokers working in branch offices.

"There have been some isolated incidents, but this is a large firm that is
largely law-abiding," said Estes, the lawyer for WMA.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 23, 2004 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Protect, not pay, whistleblowers;
Editorial Opinion

SECTION: NEWS; Leaders; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 482 words


Inside information can be the key to finding and fighting collective wrongdoing.

Inside information is often the most effective weapon against collective
wrongdoing, from corporate misconduct to organised crime. It may produce the
first warning that something is seriously amiss, as in breaches of corporate
governance that lead to hidden losses of staggering magnitude. It also may be
the best means of obtaining evidence admissible in court if investigators are
otherwise confronted by a conspiracy of silence. Law enforcement agencies can
procure inside information in three ways: relying on a whistleblower or inside
informant, infiltrating the suspect organisation with an undercover agent, or
gathering evidence through electronic surveillance. The first is usually the
most effective. In the United States, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has
used all three means, backed by controversial anti-racketeering legislation, to
cripple the once-impenetrable Mafia.

In Australia, "dobbing in" wrongdoers has long been regarded either as not the
done thing or as too hazardous to venture. But the tide of opinion is changing;
witness the growing success of police "crime-stoppers" and Tax Office anonymous
"tip-off" programs. When more serious criminal or civil wrongdoing is involved,
the value of the whistleblower is exponentially higher. In such cases,
conscience and courage may not be sufficient motivation, especially if the
whistleblower's identity cannot be concealed or if he or she has to be a witness
for the prosecution. Legislation to protect informants against retribution -
from ostracism or dismissal to intimidation or extreme violence - has not been
sufficiently effective. It needs to be comprehensively strengthened and more
rigorously enforced.

More controversial is the question of pecuniary incentive for whistleblowers.
Police are not above using inducements in cash or kind, from privately
subsidising their "snouts" to publicly posting big rewards for information
leading to conviction when stumped in a major murder inquiry. In the United
States, the False Claims Act, which has been remarkably successful in combating
large-scale fraud, not only protects whistleblowers but allows them to share in
the money recovered by the government. This statute reinforces the draconian
RICO (Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organisations) Act, which also makes it
easier to procure convictions and provides for crushing criminal and civil
penalties.

Enticing whistleblowers by monetary rewards seems morally repugnant and runs the
risk of attracting maliciously based information or tainted evidence of suspect
credibility. It would be better to try to counter the anti-dobbing culture
ingrained in many organisations and offer effective protection to whistleblowers
who volunteer vital information in cases of corporate malfeasance, official
corruption or criminal conspiracy.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Coakley's finance flaws should be public record

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 594 words


The Federal Election Commission (FEC) and the Massachusetts Office of Campaign
and Political Finance (OCPF) have a duty to enforce campaign violations, so why
are they quietly ignoring those committed by state Attorney General Martha
Coakley?

If Coakley were a Republican, instead of a Democrat, would she be treated
differently?

A Boston Globe editorial said Coakley should be "deeply embarrassed" by her
campaign-finance issues -- and that's putting it mildly.

By right, the FEC and OCPF should be investigating Coakley's wrongdoing --
because that's what it is -- and seeking penalties.

On the one hand, the FEC has voted not to investigate because of a lack of
resources, even though a review panel found cause to seek a probe.

The OCPF, meanwhile, is caught in a bind: If it finds wrongdoing, it must
petition the attorney general's office to investigate. Coakley would be
investigating herself.

That's why the OCPF, if it's going to maintain its credibility and integrity as
a fair broker of campaign laws, should seek an independent investigator.

More importantly, Coakley should be calling for an open investigation to clear
the air as the state's top law-enforcement executive. To think that she is now
running for governor with a potential cloud as big as California hanging over
her head, and will be only too happy to see it being swept away by the agencies
charged with scrutinizing campaign finance compliance.

State law prohibits using federal campaign funds in state elections. But it is
clear the Coakley campaign committee has violated the law on two separate
occasions since she ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 2010. While some may
view this as a simple oversight, we argue that Coakley, who has proscecuted
others for similar infractions, knows better. Since 1997, she's run twice for
Middlesex district attorney, twice for attorney general, and once for U.S.
Senate. She has a full grasp of right and wrong in complying with election laws.

In The Globe expose, Coakley used $1,700 from her federal account to buy an ad
and access to the Democrat State Convention. Later, she billed the federal
account for $3,000 in charges to attend the Democrat National Convention in
Charlotte, N.C., even though she wasn't running for federal office.

The Globe also found that Coakley had more expenditures listed in the federal
account than money on hand, yet no deficit was reported to the FEC. Other
questionable items were $35,000 spent on a company to file electronic campaign
reports and to manage Coakley's election database, and $30,000 paid to Coakley's
sister to manage both the state and federal accounts. The Globe found
recordkeeping to so sloppy that is was difficult to track itemized expenditures.

Coakley and her operatives term the violations as simple "accounting mistakes."
In an interview with WBZ-TV reporter Jon Keller, Coakley said, "We are working
with the FEC (and OCPF) now and we will fix this and we will be transparent
about it when it's done."

Transparent when it's done?

It's a double standard and a bad one. Why does the AG get to go back in time,
without a public investigation, and make fixes when others who've run into
campaign-finance woes have had to fess up and face the music?

The attorney general is no different than any other citizen who runs for public
office. She must comply with all campaign-finance laws. In these cases, it
appears there was an intent to cash out the federal accounts without anyone
following the trail. And if that's not so, it's up to Martha Coakley to prove it
to the rest of us -- now and not later.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

Stetler testifies, denies criminal wrongdoing

BYLINE: Rick Lee, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 760 words


June 22--YORK, Pa. -- Testifying in his own public corruption trial, former York
state representative and House Democratic Campaign Committee chairman Stephen
Stetler said he had no knowledge that one of his staffers, or any other caucus
employee, had campaigned improperly on state time.

Stetler, 62, of York, was the first defense witness called Thursday in Dauphin
County court where he is on trial for conflict of interest, theft and
conspiracy. The charges stem from a Pennsylvania Attorney General's
investigation concerning House member and employee activities between 2004 and
2006.

Stetler's testimony came the day after his former legislative aide, John Paul
Jones, said Stetler knew he had campaigned on state time instead of comp time,
personal time or vacation -- the only accepted options in compliance with the
House employee policy manual.

Jones had testified he was out of the Harrisburg office for weeks at a time
working on various campaigns, including the 2005 re-election campaign of then
York Mayor John Brenner.

Stetler contradicted Jones's allegations. He said Jones was never absent for
extended periods of time and that he could not have accrued the amount of comp
time he claimed to have used.

Jones had said that he falsified his comp time slips and that Rosemary Green,
Stetler's Capitol office manager, aided him in the cover-up.

Stetler became emotional when his testimony touched on that subject, calling
Jones's allegation against Green "outrageous."

Stetler said he trusted his staff to abide by the employee policy manual,
especially when it came to campaigning.

He said he told each employee "face to face" to keep campaigning and legislative
duties separate.

Jones had testified that claiming bogus comp time to campaign and being sent out
to campaign by House leaders on state time was "the culture of the caucus."

Stetler said that culture did not permeate the House and that he thought it was
limited to a few. He said he kept his focus in Harrisburg on legislation, not
the actions of other House members and staffers.

Stetler denied he sent Jones to work on Brenner's re-election campaign in the
fall of 2005. He said, from his experience in York city elections, he knew the
mayoral race was decided in the primary.

"I knew how the city would vote," he said. "I knew he was not in trouble."

Stetler admitted to earlier testimony that he, on occasion, would campaign from
his Capitol office. He is not charged with any campaign violations.

He said he made campaign calls from his office in the interest of efficiency to
better serve his constituency.

He said, unlike allegations made against former House leaders Bill DeWeese and
Mike Veon, who both are serving state prison sentences for their corruption
convictions, he never pressured any staffer into campaigning.

Deputy attorney general Michael Sprow, on cross-examination, confronted Stetler
with an email he sent to all House members as the chair of the campaign
committee.

The memo asked caucus members to urge their staffs to volunteer for an important
upcoming election where the Democrats hoped to reclaim a seat.

Stetler also testified he would not consider asking employees to rearrange their
vacation time to be available for campaigning.

In the same email, Stetler advised the members to have their staffers reconsider
their vacation plans in light of the election.

Ruth Jones, Stetler's district office manager from 1990 to 2004, testified
Stetler did not ask her to campaign -- even for him -- because he knew she did
not like doing it.

On cross-examination, Stetler said he made an effort to get along with DeWeese
and Veon because of their potential to have a negative effect on capital
projects in York.

Day 4

What: Fourth day of the Stephen Stetler trial

Highlights: Stetler was the first defense witness called. He said his former
legislative aide, John P. Jones, who testified under immunity for the
prosecution, lied when he said Stetler condoned Jones's campaigning on state
time.

Quote of the day: "It's just beyond comprehension." -- An emotional Stetler,
responding to John P. Jones' allegation that Rosemary Green, Stetler's longtime
office manager, was complicit in falsifying comp time slips.

What's next? Trial resumes Monday at 8:30 a.m.

Watch live: Each day at ydr.com.

More from today

Expert opinions: Was it a good idea to put Stetler on the stand?

Prosecution and defense say young legislative staffers pressured to do campaign
work

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120622-YO-Stetler-testifies-denies-criminal-wrongdoing-0622-20120622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Coakley's finance flaws should be public record

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 605 words


The Federal Election Commission (FEC) and the Massachusetts Office of Campaign
and Political Finance (OCPF) have a duty to enforce campaign violations, so why
are they quietly ignoring those committed by state Attorney General Martha
Coakley?

If Coakley were a Republican, instead of a Democrat, would she be treated
differently?

A Boston Globe editorial said Coakley should be "deeply embarrassed" by her
campaign-finance issues -- and that's putting it mildly.

By right, the FEC and OCPF should be investigating Coakley's wrongdoing --
because that's what it is -- and seeking penalties.

On the one hand, the FEC has voted not to investigate because of a lack of
resources, even though a review panel found cause to seek a probe.

The OCPF, meanwhile, is caught in a bind: If it finds wrongdoing, it must
petition the attorney general's office to investigate. Coakley would be
investigating herself.

That's why the OCPF, if it's going to maintain its credibility and integrity as
a fair broker of campaign laws, should seek an independent investigator.

More importantly, Coakley should be calling for an open investigation to clear
the air as the state's top law-enforcement executive. To think that she is now
running for governor with a potential cloud as big as California hanging over
her head, and will be only too happy to see it being swept away by the agencies
charged with scrutinizing campaign finance compliance.

State law prohibits using federal campaign funds in state elections. But it is
clear the Coakley campaign committee has violated the law on two separate
occasions since she ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 2010. While some may
view this as a simple oversight, we argue that Coakley, who has proscecuted
others for similar infractions, knows better. Since 1997, she's run twice for
Middlesex district attorney, twice for attorney general, and once for U.S.
Senate. She has a full grasp of right and wrong in complying with election laws.

In the Globe exposé, Coakley used $1,700 from her federal account to buy an ad
and access to the Democrat State Convention. Later, she billed the federal
account for $3,000 in charges to attend the Democrat National Convention in
Charlotte, N.C., even though she wasn't running for federal office.

The Globe also found that Coakley had more expenditures listed in the federal
account than money on hand, yet no deficit was reported to the FEC. Other
questionable items were $35,000 spent on a company to file electronic campaign
reports and to manage Coakley's election database, and $30,000 paid to Coakley's
sister to manage both the state and federal accounts. The Globe found
recordkeeping to so sloppy that is was difficult to track itemized expenditures.

Coakley and her operatives term the violations as simple "accounting mistakes."
In an interview with WBZ-TV reporter Jon Keller, Coakley said, "We are working
with the FEC (and OCPF) now and we will fix this and we will be transparent
about it when it's done."

Transparent when it's done?

It's a double standard, and a bad one. Why does the AG get to go back in time,
without a public investigation, and make fixes when others who've run into
campaign-finance woes have had to fess up and face the music?

The attorney general is no different from any other citizen who runs for public
office. She must comply with all campaign-finance laws. In these cases, it
appears there was an intent to cash out the federal accounts without anyone
following the trail. And if that's not so, it's up to Martha Coakley to prove it
to the rest of us -- now and not later.

-- By The Sun of Lowell editorial board, Digital First Media

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Coakley's finance flaws should be public record

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 594 words


The Federal Election Commission (FEC) and the Massachusetts Office of Campaign
and Political Finance (OCPF) have a duty to enforce campaign violations, so why
are they quietly ignoring those committed by state Attorney General Martha
Coakley?

If Coakley were a Republican, instead of a Democrat, would she be treated
differently?

A Boston Globe editorial said Coakley should be "deeply embarrassed" by her
campaign-finance issues -- and that's putting it mildly.

By right, the FEC and OCPF should be investigating Coakley's wrongdoing --
because that's what it is -- and seeking penalties.

On the one hand, the FEC has voted not to investigate because of a lack of
resources, even though a review panel found cause to seek a probe.

The OCPF, meanwhile, is caught in a bind: If it finds wrongdoing, it must
petition the attorney general's office to investigate. Coakley would be
investigating herself.

That's why the OCPF, if it's going to maintain its credibility and integrity as
a fair broker of campaign laws, should seek an independent investigator.

More importantly, Coakley should be calling for an open investigation to clear
the air as the state's top law-enforcement executive. To think that she is now
running for governor with a potential cloud as big as California hanging over
her head, and will be only too happy to see it being swept away by the agencies
charged with scrutinizing campaign finance compliance.

State law prohibits using federal campaign funds in state elections. But it is
clear the Coakley campaign committee has violated the law on two separate
occasions since she ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 2010. While some may
view this as a simple oversight, we argue that Coakley, who has prosecuted
others for similar infractions, knows better. Since 1997, she's run twice for
Middlesex district attorney, twice for attorney general, and once for U.S.
Senate. She has a full grasp of right and wrong in complying with election laws.

In the Globe exposé, Coakley used $1,700 from her federal account to buy an ad
and access to the Democrat State Convention. Later, she billed the federal
account for $3,000 in charges to attend the Democrat National Convention in
Charlotte, N.C., even though she wasn't running for federal office.

The Globe also found that Coakley had more expenditures listed in the federal
account than money on hand, yet no deficit was reported to the FEC. Other
questionable items were $35,000 spent on a company to file electronic campaign
reports and to manage Coakley's election database, and $30,000 paid to Coakley's
sister to manage both the state and federal accounts. The Globe found
recordkeeping so sloppy that it was difficult to track itemized expenditures.

Coakley and her operatives term the violations as simple "accounting mistakes."
In an interview with WBZ-TV reporter Jon Keller, Coakley said, "We are working
with the FEC (and OCPF) now and we will fix this and we will be transparent
about it when it's done."

Transparent when it's done?

It's a double standard, and a bad one. Why does the AG get to go back in time,
without a public investigation, and make fixes when others who've run into
campaign-finance woes have had to fess up and face the music?

The attorney general is no different from any other citizen who runs for public
office. She must comply with all campaign-finance laws. In these cases, it
appears there was an intent to cash out the federal accounts without anyone
following the trail. And if that's not so, it's up to Martha Coakley to prove it
to the rest of us -- now and not later.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Brentwood couple files claim over son's death while serving the Peace Corps

BYLINE: By Karen Rarey Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 1029 words


BRENTWOOD -- A local couple has filed a $15 million claim with the Peace Corps
in the wrongful death of their son, who died last year after an alleged host of
medical missteps by the federal agency known for promoting world peace.

Brentwood residents David and Sue Castle lost their 23-year-old son, Nicholas,
in February 2013 to what was then considered an unknown illness. Nicholas, a
2012 UC Berkeley graduate, died while serving as a Peace Corps volunteer in
China.

"It's been over 18 months since Nick died, and we were told that there was a
report that was going to be done by the Inspector General's Office," Sue Castle
said. "It was something we should have had three to six months after Nick died.
We were finally told after a year that the report was just going to be one page
of nothing really -- no criminal wrongdoing. We never suspected any criminal
wrongdoing, but we were expecting them to investigate the circumstances of
Nick's illness."

The report on his death is still being compiled, according to the Office of the
Inspector General, an independent agency within the Peace Corps.

"I cannot say when the report will be finished, but I can tell you it remains an
ongoing matter for our office," Jeffrey Reichert, an inspector with the office,
wrote in an email.

According to the autopsy conducted at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Feb.
24, 2013, "Mr. Castle's approximate cause of death is most probably viral
gastroenteritis of unknown etiology that resulted in severe dehydration,
multi-organ failure and ended with cerebral edema and acute pneumonia."

His symptoms began with abdominal pain on Jan. 25, 2013, and progressed rapidly
over the next several days, including episodes of vomiting, according to an
independent medical report completed earlier this year.

"The Peace Corps' release of information has been extraordinarily slow and
incomplete," said Todd Emanuel, attorney for wrongful death action suit filed by
the Castle family. "This is inexcusable."

In an emailed statement Friday, Peace Corps spokeswoman Shira Kramer wrote that
the agency continues to grieve Castle's death and is committed to protecting the
health, safety and security of its volunteers.

"To honor the Peace Corps' commitment to him, we have taken an introspective
look at his unusual case to determine what we can learn, so we can build a
stronger, more effective Peace Corps," she wrote. "Nothing is more important to
this agency than our volunteers, and though we can never fully overcome the
inherent challenges of operating abroad, we will never stop pushing the limit to
try."

With the two-year deadline to file an administrative claim quickly approaching,
Emanuel was brought on board and filed the federal tort claim on Aug. 4.

The claim states, "Nicholas Castle died as a result of negligent, careless and
reckless medical care and treatment provided to him by the United States Peace
Corps and the acts and omissions of (the doctor who initially treated him)..."

"Any first-year medical student could see that his constellation of symptoms
required intravenous fluids and antibiotics that were readily available to the
Peace Corps medical staff," Emanuel said.

According to the Root Cause Analysis done by the United States Peace Corps
Office of Health Services, the contributing factors in the death of Nicholas
Castle were:

Uncertainty regarding functionality of portable blood pressure machine.

Delay in recognizing the severity of the situation when the blood pressure was
proved to be very low.

No clear medical leadership and multiple providers at the scene.

"Nick was fatigued and discolored. He was not keeping food down," Emanuel said.
"He had dangerously low blood volume, low urine output, and diarrhea. He was
laying in his own vomit. If the Peace Corps had competently acted upon these red
flags, Nick would have been back to normal health within two days."

In the wake of Castle's death, the Peace Corps authorized an independent medical
review of his case that was completed by Dr. Jeffrey Smith of George Washington
University Medical Center. Smith said in his report that the doctor on the scene
did not appreciate the potential signs of a more serious illness when evaluating
Castle and that an ambulance should have been called earlier.

But he concluded, "Mr. Castle's illness was a very challenging and unusual case
to manage, and it is my opinion that any suggested changes in the care that was
delivered on (Jan. 28, 2013) would not affect the unfortunate outcome in this
case."

When Nick left for Peace Corps training on June 29, 2012, he was a healthy
5-foot-8-inch, 130-pound young man with his whole life ahead of him, according
to his parents.

"I have all of Nick's pre-entrance medical records, and there was no underlying
disease, and the autopsy didn't find anything," Sue Castle, a former nurse,
said. "He had to have everything done: EKG, chest X-rays, he had to have
fillings replaced in his teeth."

"After we receive the inspector general's report, we will determine what further
legal action to pursue," Emanuel said. The Castles also are reaching out to
their congressmen and senators, in hopes that they can help get changes made in
the Peace Corps.

"I am trying to contact them to get them to support -- whether it's to support
the Peace Corps caucus or the Peace Corps funding," Sue Castle said.

She added that she and her husband recently met Rep. Sam Farr, D-Santa Cruz, a
former Peace Corps volunteer, who entered into the congressional record her
son's service and recognized him for his volunteer work.

"It's kind of ironic that before (Nick) went in, he had to have record after
record to be submitted, you know; it's like a small telephone book," Sue Castle
said. "And then once you're in, the record-keeping is extremely minimal --
there's, like, nothing."

This has prompted the Castles to ask for changes in the way medical records are
documented for Peace Corps volunteers.

"I support the Peace Corps' mission -- my son loved the Peace Corps, he loved
what he was doing -- and I feel that there needs to be more support for the
volunteers," she said. "We've just been really disappointed by the Peace Corps
and how they've treated us."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Democrat (Woodland, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

Yolo DA responds to allegations of wrongdoing

BYLINE: The Daily Democrat, Woodland, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


Aug. 27--District Attorney Jeff Reisig responded to allegations of wrongdoing in
the case of Randy Skaggs on Wednesday.

Skagg, a District Attorney Investigator, has filed a civil lawsuit against the
District Attorney's Office alleging retaliation.

Reisig has officially stated that the office has not been served with any suit
and maintains that it has not done anything wrong.

"The District Attorney's Office has not been served with legal notice of any
federal lawsuit filed by Mr. Randy Skaggs," Reisig stated. "However, as to the
allegations previously reported by The Democrat, the District Attorney's Office
would categorically deny any wrongdoing in matters involving Mr. Skaggs."

"While the confidentiality of personnel matters prevents this office from
disclosing the facts in this matter, all actions taken by this office were
lawful and done in order to protect the integrity of the criminal justice system
and the District Attorney's office in our service to the People of Yolo County,"
he continued. "We welcome and look forward to review of these matters as
authorized by law."

Yolo County District Attorney Investigator Randy Skaggs is suing DA Jeff Reisig
and Chief Investigator Pete Martin for revealing personal information after
blowing the whistle on Reisig.

According to a civil lawsuit filed Wednesday, Aug. 19, in the U.S. District
Court of Eastern California, Skaggs' privacy was violated after he was singled
out after criticizing Reisig to former DA Dave Henderson.

"(Skaggs) brought to the attention of the District Attorney at the time of the
incident, the fact that Reisig failed to turn over exculpatory evidence that
(Skaggs) developed, to defense counsel," the lawsuit states. "After Jeff Reisig
was forced to turn the evidence over, the department began to treat (Skaggs)
selectively."

The suit claims that Skaggs suffered retaliation for his action.

Around Sept. 30, 2008, Skaggs was put under paid administrative leave pending
the outcome of an administrative inquiry into allegations of misconduct.

To see more of the Daily Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailydemocrat.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Democrat, Woodland,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090827-VL-Yolo-DA-responds-to-allegations-of-wrongdoing-0827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VL


                                 Copyright 2009


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 13, 2009 Tuesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

INQUIRY FINDS NO PSC CRIME

BYLINE: MARY ELLEN KLAS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Investigators say they see no wrongdoing in commission staffers'
dealings with utilities.


Leon County State Attorney Willie Meggs said Monday that a joint investigation
between his office and state police into the state's public utilities regulator
has not turned up any criminal wrongdoing.

"At this point, everything that has come up is a dead end, as far as any
criminal skullduggery going on," Meggs told the Times/Herald on Monday. "I'm not
stating that we have closed this, but we have interviewed everybody that we know
to interview that seems to be involved."

Meggs said investigators from his staff and the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement have interviewed the five current and former members of the Public
Service Commission and their staffers about potential open meeting violations.

Because the PSC serves as a quasi-judicial panel, state law prohibits
commissioners from having any direct conversations between each other and
officials from the utilities they regulate about any matter pending before them.

"If you have two commissioners that are talking privately, they can do that as
long as they are not talking about business and matters coming before the
board," Meggs said. But he added that those cases are hard to prove, "unless one
of them comes forward and says: 'I violated the Sunshine Law.'"

FDLE spokeswoman Heather Smith confirmed that the investigation is still
ongoing, but "we are not able to provide any detail about the interviews we are
conducting or the information we are passing on to them."

Meanwhile, two PSC staffers who had been placed on administrative leave pending
the investigation have returned to work.

Roberta Bass, aide to Commissioner Lisa Edgar, returned to work Monday, and
William Garner, aide to Commission Chairman Matt Carter, returned to work Oct.
5. Carter said last week that he had been told that the FDLE had cleared his
aide of any wrongdoing.

Investigators launched their inquiry in September, after the Times/Herald
reported on e-mails that showed that PSC staffers had given BlackBerry messaging
codes to Florida Power & Light officials in the midst of a series of cases
before the commission.

The newspapers also reported that a PSC lobbyist, Ryder Rudd, had attended a
Kentucky Derby party at the home of an FPL vice president during that same
period.

Mary Ellen Klas can be reached at meklas@MiamiHerald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 11, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Price of Deferred Prosecution

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 616 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Bailout Justice'' (Op-Ed, May 5):

John Ashcroft correctly notes that deferred-prosecution agreements can
effectively police, without destroying, corporate recipients of federal bailout
money that engaged in criminal conduct. But let's not forget that the agreements
demanded when Mr. Ashcroft was attorney general came at a steep price.

Among other things, companies were forced to waive the attorney-client
privilege, fire employees who declined to cooperate, and refuse payment of legal
fees for workers before they were found to have done anything wrong.

Today, as pressure builds for stern action against corporate wrongdoing, the
Department of Justice must resist the temptation to follow in Mr. Ashcroft's
footsteps. Rather, it should strictly adhere to its new guidelines for corporate
prosecutions, adopted in August of last year, that protect against abusive
deferred-prosecution agreements, like those that Mr. Ashcroft backs.

Harlan J. Protass New York, May 5, 2009

The writer is a criminal defense lawyer and an adjunct professor at the Benjamin
N. Cardozo School of Law, Yeshiva University.

To the Editor:

As John Ashcroft writes, the government has an ''inherent conflict of interest''
when faced with the prospect of prosecuting companies that operate in important
industries, have influential investors or have received large infusions of
government aid.

In such cases, Mr. Ashcroft advocates deferred-prosecution agreements or other
lenient approaches to corporate wrongdoing.

Indeed, he cited past examples where, under his stewardship, the Justice
Department had engaged in just such actions. Such candor is appreciated, for it
finally reveals the lie of ''equality under law.''

For too long, the double standard in law enforcement, where favored individuals
are allowed to commit crimes with impunity and unpopular individuals are
selectively prosecuted, has been a dirty little secret. Now, no more. The proper
goal of the government should be to administer the law in a disinterested and
evenhanded way, letting the chips fall where they may.

When the government plays favorites or allows its own interests to infect the
judicial process, it is no longer law. Instead, it is just arbitrary power.

Jonathan Zell Columbus, Ohio, May 5, 2009

The writer, a lawyer, is a former special assistant to the United States
attorney for the Southern District of Ohio.

To the Editor:

John Ashcroft touts his department's enlightened justice for corporate crime. He
realized that prosecuting and punishing corporations would have collateral
damage: innocent shareholders, innocent employees, innocent customers needing
that business's services.

Instead, he instituted ''deferred prosecutions,'' with a paid monitor
supervising the business to steer and educate toward the right and legal way of
doing business, and to assure no further wrongdoing. Thus he could maintain the
valuable qualities of the corporation, allowing it to continue contributing to
the community, while correcting the criminal behavior.

Imagine if he had only applied the same philosophy to drug offenders.

Instead of destroying families, leaving innocent spouses and children without
support, and removing an entire generation of men from some communities, we
could have employed monitors -- probation officers -- to guide them into
treatment, correct the criminal behavior and show them how to continue
contributing to the community. And maybe we wouldn't have the highest prison
population among civilized nations.

Lenell Nussbaum Seattle, May 5, 2009

The writer is a criminal defense lawyer and a past president of the Washington
Assn. of Criminal Defense Lawyers.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY TIMOTHY GOODMAN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Justin Bieber cleared in LA attempted robbery case

LENGTH: 249  words


Justin Bieber has been cleared of wrongdoing in an attempted robbery
investigation in which the Canadian pop star was accused of trying to take a
woman's mobile phone.

Canadian pop singer Justin Bieber is pictured in police custody in Miami Beach,
Florida January 23, 2014 in this Miami Beach Police Department handout released
to Reuters on March 4, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Pop singer Justin Bieber accused of attempted robbery: police
Justin Bieber allegedly celebrates egg pelting in security video Justin Bieber
has been cleared of wrongdoing in an attempted robbery investigation in which
the Canadian pop star was accused of trying to take a woman's mobile phone, the
Los Angeles City Attorney's Office said on Monday.

Prosecutors rejected the allegations because of insufficient evidence to back up
the claims, City Attorney spokesman Frank Mateljan said.

Bieber, 20, was accused in May of trying to take the woman's mobile phone after
she was suspected of taking photos of him at an amusement park in Van Nuys,
California, in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley.

Representatives for Bieber did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The "Boyfriend" singer has had a string of recent legal issues, including an
assault charge in Toronto and charges of driving under the influence, resisting
arrest and using an expired license in Miami Beach, Florida.

Bieber is also under investigation for allegedly pelting a neighbor's home in
nearby Calabasas, California, with eggs and causing damage.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 June 17, 2014

Justin Bieber cleared in LA attempted robbery case

LENGTH: 249  words


Justin Bieber has been cleared of wrongdoing in an attempted robbery
investigation in which the Canadian pop star was accused of trying to take a
woman's mobile phone.

Canadian pop singer Justin Bieber is pictured in police custody in Miami Beach,
Florida January 23, 2014 in this Miami Beach Police Department handout released
to Reuters on March 4, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Pop singer Justin Bieber accused of attempted robbery: police
Justin Bieber allegedly celebrates egg pelting in security video Justin Bieber
has been cleared of wrongdoing in an attempted robbery investigation in which
the Canadian pop star was accused of trying to take a woman's mobile phone, the
Los Angeles City Attorney's Office said on Monday.

Prosecutors rejected the allegations because of insufficient evidence to back up
the claims, City Attorney spokesman Frank Mateljan said.

Bieber, 20, was accused in May of trying to take the woman's mobile phone after
she was suspected of taking photos of him at an amusement park in Van Nuys,
California, in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley.

Representatives for Bieber did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The "Boyfriend" singer has had a string of recent legal issues, including an
assault charge in Toronto and charges of driving under the influence, resisting
arrest and using an expired license in Miami Beach, Florida.

Bieber is also under investigation for allegedly pelting a neighbor's home in
nearby Calabasas, California, with eggs and causing damage.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Tribes filtered $5 million to Reed, report concludes

BYLINE: JIM GALLOWAY

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1137 words


Washington --- Casino-owning Indian tribes filtered more than $5 million through
a series of corporations to satisfy what they said were Ralph Reed's political
concerns that he would be linked to the cash, a Senate committee concluded
Thursday.

Reed, former head of the Christian Coalition, used the money to mount religious
conservative opposition to gambling in competing states.

The findings were contained in a 357-page report by the U.S. Senate Indian
Affairs Committee, wrapping up a two-year investigation into influence-peddling
by Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who directed the money to Reed.

The bulk of the report documents the bilking of six Indian tribes of tens of
millions of dollars by Abramoff and his partner, Michael Scanlon, both of whom
have pleaded guilty to pocketing most of the money and using some of the rest to
bribe public officials.

"They sold their access and influence with House leadership as a way to con the
tribes out of their money," U.S. Sen. Kent Conrad (D-N.D.) said of Abramoff and
Scanlon.

Reed was accused of no wrongdoing, but the committee said the use of nonprofit
corporations by Reed, Abramoff and others "to obscure the source of funds" was
worth more investigation.

Reed, who is running in the July 18 GOP primary for lieutenant governor in
Georgia, characterized the Senate report as a clean bill of health that would
free voters to focus on issues closer to home.

He said the report "confirms I have not been accused of any wrongdoing in this
matter. It also confirms that I was hired as a subcontractor for a very
respected law firm and had no direct relationship with their clients."

Reed has maintained that he was assured by Abramoff's law firm at the time,
Preston Gates, that his efforts against casinos wouldn't be paid with money
tainted by gambling.

"It is now clear from benefit of hindsight that this was a piece of business I
should have declined," he said.

The report identifies Reed as a vital part of the secretive, Abramoff-inspired
operation that for four years allied Indian tribes in Mississippi and Louisiana,
eager to protect their casinos from competition, with religious conservatives
opposed to the expasnion of gambling.

But it also concludes that much of the criminal activity by Abramoff and Scanlon
occurred after they had pushed Reed out of their operations, beginning in late
2001. "They apparently began to squeeze Reed out and keep most of the money paid
by the tribes for themselves," the report said.

Entitled "Gimme Five," the name Abramoff gave to his scam, the report refers to
previously unpublished interviews and documents, and includes new details of
Reed's relationship with Abramoff.

Among them:

* In an Oct. 24, 2000, e-mail anticipating George W. Bush's election to the
White House, Abramoff solicited Reed's assistance in being included on the
transition team for the U.S. Department of Interior.

That agency oversees the affairs of the nation's Indian tribes.

Said Abramoff's e-mail to Reed: "this would be really key for future clients for
both of us. Let's discuss."

Reed responded, "ok." Reed said he doesn't recall acting on the request.

* The report does not address a campaign in which Reed helped defeat the 2000
Internet Gaming Prohibition Act, up for a vote in the U.S. House. His work was
financed by eLottery, an Abramoff client that wanted to help states sell lottery
tickets online.

But among the exhibits contained in the Senate report is a string of e-mails in
which Abramoff's aide sent her boss the name and address of a shell organization
in Virginia, to which funds were to be deposited before moving on to Reed.

"Ralph gave me this address," wrote Susan Ralston, now assistant to White House
aide Karl Rove.

A spokesman said Reed doesn't remember sending her the information.

The report draws no conclusion about whether Reed knew where money for his
anti-gambling campaigns came from. But in e-mails exchanged over their
BlackBerries, Abramoff several times told Reed of the gambling interests who
were paying Reed's bills.

At the outset, in April 1999, Abramoff expressed concern over the efficiency of
moving funds from one of his clients, the Mississippi Band of Choctaw, from
place to place.

"Any chance that a wire from Choctaw directly would be OK?" he e-mailed Reed.

"Reed's response is unknown," the report said.

In an interview this month, Reed said such communications never shook his faith
in initial assurances he received from Abramoff's law firm that he wouldn't be
paid with money tainted by gambling.

The report details how, in 1999 and 2000, Reed waged successful battles in
Alabama to defeat a state lottery and video poker legislation, at the behest of
the Choctaw.

While angling for the job, Reed declared --- in writing --- that his company,
Century Strategies of Duluth, "has on file over 3,000 pastors and 90,000
religious conservative households in Alabama that can be accessed in this
effort." He proposed a $20,000 monthly retainer for his services.

Reed was not called to testify before the Senate committee. Abramoff appeared,
but asserted his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. So Senate
investigators were forced to rely on second-hand accounts to explain why money
to Reed was channeled through the books of several different organizations.

In an interview, Nell Rogers, a legislative affairs specialist for the Choctaw,
told investigators that "Ralph Reed did not want to be paid directly by a tribe
with gaming interests. It was our understanding that the structure was
recommended by Jack Abramoff to accommodate Mr. Reed's political concerns."

Money went from the Choctaw to Americans for Tax Reform, an anti-tax group, to
Alabama organizations, then to Reed's companies.

Both Reed and the tribe also have said that money from the Choctaw came from the
tribe's non-gaming accounts.

Later, Reed did similar work for the Louisiana Coushattas, another Abramoff
client, directing campaigns against efforts to expand gambling into neighboring
Texas and Louisiana.

The Senate report quoted William Worfel, the elected vice chairman of the
Coushattas, who said his tribal attorney gave him explicit instructions. "[The
attorney] was real careful about a Ralph Reed person. It can't get out. He's
Christian Coalition. It wouldn't look good if they're receiving money from a
casino operating tribe to oppose gambling," Worfel said in an interview with
investigators.

Coushatta money was sent first through an inactive corporation, then through a
fake think-tank, the report said.

Before election-year crowds, and in a recent interview, Reed said that Senate
figures about how much he and his firms had been paid were "inaccurate."

The Senate report lists the exact numbers: $4,014,029 from the Louisiana
Coushattas; and $1.3 million from the Choctaw, with $50,000 in Choctaw bills
out-standing.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: JENNI GIRTMAN / StaffCandidate Ralph Reed says the 357-page
report confirms "I have not been accused of any wrongdoing in this matter."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

JP Morgan faces $2bn punitive fine over involvement with Ponzi fraudster Madoff

BYLINE: Dominic Rushe in New York

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 566 words


JP Morgan Chase, the biggest bank in the US, is facing a fine which could be set
at $2bn (£1.2bn) as punishment for its involvement with notorious Ponzi scheme
fraudster Bernard Madoff.

The bank has tentatively agreed the sum to settle allegations it failed to
inform US authorities of the jailed fraudster's suspicious activity, according
to people familiar with negotiations. A settlement deal with the US justice
department could come as early as next week. The bank declined to comment.

Madoff was arrested at his Manhattan penthouse five years ago this week after
his $20bn scam came to light. JP Morgan Chase was his bank for two decades and
the US authorities suspect it continued to service his business even as it
suspected something was wrong.

The fraudster himself predicted the bank would one day face a big fine. In a
2011 interview with the Financial Times he said: "JP Morgan doesn't have a
chance in hell of not coming up with a big settlement." He claimed: "There were
people at the bank who knew what was going on," an assertion that JP Morgan has
consistently claimed is patently false.

According to court papers filed by Irving Picard, the trustee charged with
recouping losses for Madoff's victims, the bank had grave doubts about Madoff 18
months before his scam unwound. The documents quote one banker claiming Madoff's
"Oz-like signals" were difficult to ignore.

The filings also quote a June 2007 email from a senior JP Morgan banker warning
colleagues that another banker "just told me that there is a well-known cloud
over the head of Madoff and that his returns are speculated to be part of a
Ponzi scheme".

The bank filed a "suspicious activity" report with UK authorities in 2008 but
did not take a similar step in the US.

JP Morgan has always denied wrongdoing and disputes Picard's findings but this
week chief executive Jamie Dimon signalled that a deal was in the offing and
suggested it was easier for the bank to settle than to fight its corner in
court.

According to a report in the New York Times yesterday, the settlement would
include a so-called deferred-prosecution agreement. Such an agreement would list
all of JP Morgan's alleged criminal wrongdoings but stop short of an indictment
as long as the bank acknowledges wrongdoing and pays the fines.

The agreement would be the second time in a month that the Wall Street bank has
been forced to acknowledge wrongdoing. On 19 November the bank paid a record
$13bn to settle charges that it routinely bundled poor quality home loans into
securities that were billed as high-quality to investors.

If the fine comes before Christmas it will cap an annus horribilis for JP
Morgan. Alongside the $13bn fine for its involvement in the subprime loan
scandal, JP Morgan has:

* Paid $4.5bn in November to settle allegations it has mis-sold mortgage bonds.

* Paid $920m in September to settle US investigations into the "London Whale"
trading scandal.

* Paid $390m in refunds and $80m in settlement for billing credit card customers
for protection they did not receive.

* Paid $410m in penalties and repayments in July related to alleged manipulation
of California and midwest electricity markets.

Investors, however, have largely discounted the scandals and the bank's share
price is currently close to a year high.

Captions:

$13bn

The fine paid by JP Morgan Chase last month over its involvement in America's
subprime loans scandal

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

AUB vows that all claims of wrongdoing will be investigated

BYLINE: Annie Slemrod

LENGTH: 434 words


The American University of Beirut responded Monday to allegations of corruption
at the university, saying that all claims of wrongdoing would be investigated.

BEIRUT: The American University of Beirut responded Monday to allegations of
corruption at the university, saying that all claims of wrongdoing would be
investigated.

A statement from the AUB Office of Communications, sent exclusively to The Daily
Star, says that at its meeting last week, the university's Board of Trustees
"reaffirmed" that "with regard to recent allegations of wrongdoing ... any such
claims, whether made by a former trustee, current trustee, or a member of the
public at large, are taken seriously by the university and would be dealt with
through appropriate investigation and action.

The board has rigorous independent mechanisms in place to consider all claims
and to review related practices and policies."

The statement also says that "the trustees have a responsibility for ensuring
the good governance of the university, and overseeing its financial and
operational practices and policies."

Earlier this month, Nabil Chartouni, a former AUB trustee who was dismissed in
March, submitted a report to the board saying that the university, and its
hospital in particular, "is riddled with mismanagement, corruption and
malpractice, costing millions of dollars each year."

Last week, Samer Maamari said he was fired from his position as AUB vice
president for facilities in March over the alleged graft in Chartouni's report.

Chartouni's report says "the main problem" is with AUB's Medical Center. The
report includes reviews by several consultancy firms on flaws in the AUB MC's
financial practices. It says that Mohamed Sayegh, dean of the Faculty of
Medicine and vice president for Medical Affairs, specifically asked one firm to
hide any identification of fraud from university staff and officials.

In April, the AUB MC announced plans for a major expansion plan, to be completed
in 2020. The AUB statement says that the board has "reiterated its strong
commitment to AUBMC 2020; the ambitious plans to redevelop and expand AUB's
medical center."

The AUB Office of Communications did not respond to requests for more detail on
the nature of the probe and independent mechanisms mentioned in its statement.
Members of the Board of Trustees have either declined to comment or not
responded to requests for comment on Chartouni's report.

The board's meeting last week was its first in Beirut in 28 years. The statement
says that from now on, in addition to its regular meetings in New York, the
board will meet annually in Beirut.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cleared NBA referee ends silence about Donaghy

BYLINE: Chris Colston

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 371 words


HOUSTON -- NBA referee Scott Foster, cleared of wrongdoing in the Tim Donaghy
betting scandal by the NBA's commissioned report, spoke for the first time this
week about the man he considered his best friend in the league -- and how that
relationship continues to affect him.

"We were very close," Foster said Tuesday before working the Boston
Celtics-Houston Rockets game. "We shared a lot of thoughts and ideas. A million
things we heard on (ESPN's) SportsCenter and read in the papers, busting each
other's (chops) about it."

Donaghy is serving 15 months in a federal prison camp in Florida for wire fraud
and transmitting wagering tips through interstate commerce. From October 2006 to
April 2007 -- the period Donaghy confessed to wrongdoing -- he phoned Foster 134
times.

The FBI questioned Foster about the calls; there was no evidence he provided
inside information. "They specifically asked me, 'Can you recall Tim pumping you
for information?' I was thinking, 'How did I miss this? Am I a moron?'" Foster
said.

"But if two basketball referees aren't talking basketball, there's something
wrong. That's what we do. ... I thought about everything he and I talked about
and whether I knowingly gave him information or if he was using me in any way.

"Yes, he probably could've been doing that," said Foster, who entered the NBA
with Donaghy in 1994. "But he was still my friend. I don't think all of our
conversations were like, 'Hey, Scott, tell me this! Tell me that!'"

The two haven't spoken since June 2007, when the FBI contacted the NBA regarding
Donaghy's involvement in betting on league games.

"It's selfish of me to say I feel betrayed, when here a guy's life has
completely changed," said Foster, 41. "The only thing I'd say is that I love
being an NBA referee. And what's happened over the last 18 months has affected
not just me but 60 other families (of NBA referees).

"Those people support me now. They are friends of mine. It's tough for me to
think about having a relationship with Timmy when what he's done has affected so
many people."

Of the ordeal, Foster said, "I don't know if it will ever go away. Timmy ...
might have a book. Who knows? So this might resurface yet again."

*Foster still out to clear name, 6C

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Garrett Ellwood, NBAE/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Clinton team: FBI director's letter feeds partisan exaggeration;
Podesta: Comey's October surprise an attempt at distraction

BYLINE: and Heidi Richard M. Przybyla Wolf

SECTION: ; Pg. Z2

LENGTH: 736 words


Westchester Hillary Clinton County waves Airport as she boards on Saturday her
campaign in White plane Plains at , N.Y.

Hillary Clinton's top campaign officials said FBI Director James Comey's letter
to Congress regarding new emails under review by his agency is so vague it has
allowed Republicans to "extort and exaggerate" about her private email server 10
days before the Nov. 8 presidential election.

"No one can separate what is true from what is not because Comey has not been
forthcoming with the facts," Clinton campaign manager John Podesta said in a
Saturday conference call, accusing Comey of providing "selective information."

"There's no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing, no indication that
this is even about Hillary," Podesta said. "It's hard to see how this amounts to
anything, and we're not going to be distracted."

In a Friday letter to the chairmen of several congressional committees, Comey
said that, in the course of a separate investigation, officials uncovered more
emails that "appear to be pertinent" but "may or may not be significant."

Subsequent news reports said the emails appear to come from a laptop used
jointly by former congressman Anthony Weiner and his wife, Huma Abedin, a top
Clinton aide. Weiner is under investigation in a separate case involving sexting
with a minor. That raises questions about whether Clinton's emails are even at
issue in the review.

In the call, both Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook blamed Comey for what
they characterized as an "extraordinary step" in releasing the letter to members
of Congress. It's possible, they said, that most or all of the emails in
question are just duplicates of others already reviewed by the FBI.

"He owes the public the full story, or else he should not have cracked open this
door in the first place," Mook said. Podesta called the letter "long on innuendo
and short on facts." Clinton is due on Saturday to campaign in Daytona Beach,
Fla., and attend a get-out-the-vote event in Miami with music stars Jennifer
Lopez, Gente de Zona and DJ Extreme.

Republicans pounced almost immediately after the letter was disclosed -
including Clinton's opponent, Donald Trump, who declared her email woes worse
than Watergate and, with no basis, suggested the development might cause the FBI
to reverse its previous decision not to pursue criminal charges.

"Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have not seen before," Trump said
at a Friday rally in New Hampshire. On the FBI, he said: "I think they're gonna
right the ship."

Previously, Comey testified that no reasonable prosecutor would have brought
charges against Clinton, even as he said she had been "extremely careless" in
handling classified

information.

Podesta noted that congressional Republicans, not the FBI director, are now
characterizing the review of the new emails as a reopening of the original email
probe, something it is not. "This is exactly the problem that Director Comey has
created," Podesta said. "He's allowed partisans to extort and exaggerate."

Comey has said nothing publicly, though later Friday he sent a letter to FBI
employees, obtained by The Washington Post, seeking to explain his decision to
drop the letter days before a presidential election. Comey said that although he
felt obligated to "supplement the record" in light of the new emails, "I don't
want to create a misleading impression."

"In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an
election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted
you to hear directly from me about it," said Comey, according to the note to
employees.

Yet Comey is coming under intense pressure to provide more information given the
proximity to the election, including whether Clinton's emails are at issue. He's
also been in the crosshairs of congressional Republicans vowing to pursue an
investigation of his investigation. Long-standing Justice Department protocol
discourages public comments on ongoing investigations as well as steering clear
of anything that could influence elections.

For that reason, Attorney General Loretta Lynch made clear Saturday morning that
she had objected to the decision. A second federal official familiar with
Comey's decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney
general's advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early
Friday but felt compelled to act.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            November 12, 2004 Friday

Sentencing fraudsters

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 631 words



HIGHLIGHT: Enron Corp. officials facing trial for wrongdoing have a lot more to
worry about now.


Enron Corp. officials facing trial for wrongdoing have a lot more to worry about
now that a jury has convicted five men of accounting improprieties connected to
the energy trader's disputed sale of barges to Merrill Lynch & Co.

Jurors rejected contentions from the defense counsel that the loss arising from
the accounting shenanigans was only $200,000. Instead, the loss was pegged at
$13.7 million, a big enough amount to ensure the former executives get to spend
extra time behind bars.

But it could have been worse. The government argued the loss exceeded $47
million. That would have resulted in even longer jail sentences. Still, the
defendants now have no chance of getting off easy. The Wall Street Journal on
Wednesday estimated their sentences at 10 years while the Houston Chronicle put
the range at five to 10 years.

Jurors in the case must determine the amount of loss from the fraud because of
the federal sentencing guidelines, which are intended to ensure defendants get
relatively equivalent prison terms for similar crimes, regardless of where they
are tried.

The guidelines include escalators that boost the sentence based on the amount of
loss attributable to the malfeasance. Figuring out how to properly calculate a
sentence under the guidelines can be difficult, which explains the differences
in estimates published by the Wall Street Journal and Houston Chronicle.

Yet the premise is simple. The bigger the loss, the longer a defendant gets to
wash socks in the prison laundry.

Jurors in the barge trial appeared to take a middle ground between the estimates
of the government and the defense. There is little reason to suspect other
juries hearing Enron-related cases won't also split the middle. For the
defendants, that means they have no chance of avoiding significant prison terms
even if those might not be quite as long as the government wanted.

The one saving grace for such defendants is that the entire sentencing
guidelines system could be tossed out shortly by the U.S. Supreme Court. That
would give judges wider discretion to determine prison terms, which could be a
bonus for Enron officials. Some argue that judges generally are softer on
white-collar criminals than on other types of lawbreakers.

Squarely in the cross-hairs is Jeffrey Skilling, Enron's former CEO. Skilling on
Monday asked a federal judge to move the trial out of Houston, arguing the jury
pool was prejudiced against him. Part of the evidence supporting the motion was
a survey of Houston residents, one of whom described Skilling as "the devil,"
the Houston Chronicle said.

Less evil, perhaps, but also tainted by scandal is Deloitte & Touche. The Wall
Street Journal said Thursday that the auditor faces a potential $2 billion legal
claim relating to its review of the books of Fortress Re Inc., a North Carolina
re-insurer that collapsed after Sept. 11. The dispute entered court-ordered
mediator this week.

Meanwhile, the damage to Marsh & McLennan Cos. continues to pile up. The Boston
Globe said Thursday that chief executive Michael G. Cherkasky was forced to hold
a conference call with employees to reassure them that the company was not
selling Putnam Investments. Yet that might not have been the message employees
wanted to hear. The Globe said there is a growing sense inside Putnam that it
would be better off being independent of the insurance broker, which has been
accused of bid-rigging and other offenses.

Finally, Martha Stewart may be in a federal prison, but she is not ready to
relinquish the scandal spotlight. Several papers reported Thursday that Stewart
is asking Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. to cover $3.7 million of her
legal bills. The request is based on a charge, later tossed out in court, that
she improperly propped up the company's stock in 2002.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2004 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Markleville asserts no wrongdoing in Weist firing

BYLINE: Zach Osowski, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


March 25--MARKLEVILLE -- Court documents filed by the town of Markleville claim
there was no wrongdoing when the Town Council terminated the contract of former
Marshal Sam Weist.

It was a response to a petition Weist had filed to void the council's action.
The response, filed on Friday and submitted into court records earlier this
week, denies allegations Weist leveled against the council, including holding an
illegal meeting in December and preventing members of the public to attend a
public meeting.

The response goes on to state that Weist's petition was not filed in a timely
matter and that the incidents Weist is attempting to reverse have already been
addressed by Indiana's Public Access Counselor, an officer responsible for
making sure Indiana's Open Door Law is followed by local agencies. The town
asserts that since the counselor found no wrongdoing on the part of the council,
the case should be dropped.

Luke Britt, Indiana's public access counselor, issued an opinion on Feb. 27
stating he did not find Markleville had violated the state's Open Door Law.
Weist had sent him a letter complaining of the same issues as in the Madison
County petition, including the illegal meeting, text messages between council
members about town business and enforcing capacity limits at meetings.

After considering the facts, Britt said he didn't think any of the council's
actions warranted punishment, but  he said the council had been toeing the line.

"While I decline to find a violation on the part of the Council, I will state I
do not believe they have acted in a manner completely consistent with the spirit
of the Open Door Law," Britt wrote. "I implore the Council to be mindful of its
responsibility as a governing body to be accessible and transparent, even in the
face of inconvenience and potential public dissent."

Weist filed the petition in January. He was removed as marshal, effective Jan.
1. The town is expected to officially hire a new marshal at its next meeting on
April 13. Markleville police officer Kevin Allen has been serving as interim
marshal since Feb. 9.

The case is currently in Madison County Circuit Court 3.

Follow Zach Osowski on Twitter @Osowski_THB, or call 640-4847.

___ (c)2015 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150325-HU-Markleville-asserts-no-wrongdoing
-in-Weist-firing-0325-20150325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2015 The Herald Bulletin


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Fifth Circuit decision gives corporations blanket immunity from class action
lawsuits

LENGTH: 692  words


Class action lawsuits are the only practical way for ordinary Americans to
challenge corporate wrongdoing, since corporate theft - up to many thousands of
dollars per person - will rarely justify the expense of an individual lawsuit.
Yet, it has become increasingly common for companies to write clauses in
contracts that purport to forbid consumers and employees from making class
action claims against the company. These clauses are often buried in the fine
print of "take it or leave it contracts" such as those dealing with cellphone
service, banking or job applications. This language, if enforced by the courts,
has the effect of protecting corporate wrongdoing from any realistic legal
redress by ordinary citizens.


The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the use of class action waivers in 2011 by a 5-4
majority to prevent consumer class actions against corporate fraud. The decision
was widely and justly criticized. And now a recent 2-1 ruling by a three-member
panel of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has extended the Supreme Court's
consumer class action ruling to the rights of workers.
This ruling threatens to take U.S. labor law back to pre-New Deal days of
corporate dominion. The case, D.R. Horton Inc. v. the National Labor Relations
Board, decided earlier this month, allows companies to ban class actions by
employees. Employee class actions typically are brought to address minimum wage
and overtime violations, discrimination or theft of pensions.
In this case, the three judges ruled that Fort Worth-based homebuilder D.R.
Horton did not violate federal labor laws by requiring employees to sign a
contract that required them to sign arbitration agreements that forbade class
action suits.
The Fifth Circuit's opinion subverted two federal laws that have been the
backbone of national labor policy for more than 75 years. These laws - the
National Labor Relations Act and the Norris LaGuardia Act - were enacted
specifically to ensure that workers had the right to engage in concerted
activities for "mutual aid or protection." These laws benefited all workers, not
just those in unions. They were based on widespread public recognition of the
fact that unfettered free enterprise had led to an impoverished, overworked
citizenry. It is generally agreed that these statutes have played a significant
role in upgrading the economic status and dignity of American workers.
In the D.R. Horton case, the National Labor Relations Board issued in 2012 a
careful and persuasive opinion reaffirming that class waivers in arbitration
agreements violate workers' rights under the law. The board's position was
firmly rooted in the language of the National Labor Relations Act and the Norris
LaGuardia Act, which specifically declare the right of workers to act in
concert. And the Norris LaGuardia Act also states that any promise in conflict
with the public policy granting employees the right to engage in concerted
activities "shall not be enforceable in any Court of the United States."

The Fifth Circuit's decision gives priority to an expansive and unjustified
reading of the Federal Arbitration Act, according to which arbitration clauses
must be enforced by the federal courts "according to their terms." This
conclusion ignores the explicit language of the Norris LaGuardia Act that
promises not to act collectively "shall not" be enforced by the courts.
Under the Fifth Circuit's ruling, corporations can now break federal labor law
secure in the knowledge that the courts will protect their self-bestowed
immunity from the law. The ruling takes labor law back to the 1800s, when
employers could set any terms of employment and workers could either take it or
go without a job.
The D.R. Horton decision can and should be reversed - either by the full Fifth
Circuit or by the U.S. Supreme Court. Congress also could reverse the effect of
the decision by clarifying the Federal Arbitration Act and similar state laws.
Consumers and workers must become aware of these class waivers, avoid them
wherever possible and demand that their legislators take steps to prohibit
them.<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Wells Fargo Shuns Peers' Settlement in U.S in Mortgage

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

Following two years in which its big-bank peers paid almost $2 billion to
resolve fraud accusations by the Federal Housing Administration, Wells Fargo &
Co. (WFC) has decided it isn't giving up so easily.

Wells Fargo was one of five banks that agreed in 2012 to a nationwide, $25
billion settlement with the Justice Department over mortgage wrongdoing that
included botched foreclosures. The FHA then took additional action against four
of the banks, including Wells Fargo, for related housing-crisis wrongdoing. Bank
of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. decided to settle
those matters. San Francisco-based Wells Fargo, which argued the nationwide
settlement should have blocked the new FHA claims against it, chose to fight.

Today, the most profitable bank in the U.S. last year is set to tell a federal
appeals court in Washington that the FHA lawsuit was a "brazen attempt" to
impose "massive fraud liability" only six months after it paid $5 billion as
part of the national accord, according to court papers.

"You go back to their DNA. They fight things. They always go down swinging,"
said Paul Miller, a banking analyst at FBR Capital Markets Corp. in Arlington,
Virginia. He said the size of a potential settlement is likely to be "a rounding
error" for the bank. Ancel Martinez, a spokesman for Wells Fargo, declined to
comment on the case.

In the FHA lawsuit, filed in Manhattan federal court, the agency, which insures
loans to help lower income individuals buy homes, alleged that it paid hundreds
of millions of dollars on defaulted mortgages because Wells Fargo didn't
properly vet the origination of individual loans.
Washington Ruling

Wells Fargo turned to the federal judge overseeing the nationwide settlement,
asking her to block the FHA suit in New York. U.S. District Judge Rosemary
Collyer in Washington refused, holding that while the language in the settlement
protects banks against some FHA lawsuits, it doesn't cover the allegations made
in the New York case.

Wells Fargo received immunity from lawsuits over allegedly false reports it made
that it was complying with all FHA and Department of Housing and Urban
Development rules, Collyer said. The immunity didn't extend to alleged
violations of HUD or FHA rules on the vetting or origination of individual
loans, Collyer wrote in her February 2013 ruling.
BofA Unit

Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America and its Countrywide unit agreed
to pay $1 billion in February 2012, while New York-based Citigroup resolved its
FHA suit the same month by paying $158.3 million.

In February, New York-based JPMorgan agreed to pay $614 million to settle claims
that it improperly approved FHA and Veterans Affairs loans.

If Wells Fargo, which had $21.9 billion in net income last year, does eventually
negotiate an end to the FHA case, the size of the settlement may resemble the
JPMorgan deal, Miller said.

There's relatively little risk in the strategy, said Peter Henning, a former
lawyer with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a professor at Wayne
State University Law School in Detroit.

"If you win, you save a lot of money," Henning said. "And if you lose, you do
what you would have done anyway."

The case in Washington is U.S. v. Bank of America, 13-5112, U.S. Court of
Appeals, District of Columbia (Washington).

To contact the reporter on this story: Andrew Zajac in Washington at
azajac@bloomberg.net

To contact the editors responsible for this story: David E. Rovella at
drovella@bloomberg.net Fred Strasser

For further information please visit: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday

Aon in joint talks aimed at settling state probes

BYLINE: THEO FRANCIS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; INSURANCE; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 402 words


Aon Corp. is in joint talks with at least three U.S. state attorneys-general in
an effort to reach a broad settlement of investigations into its business
practices, according to people familiar with the matter.

The Chicago-based insurance broker has been in joint talks with the offices of
attorneys-general in Connecticut, New York and Illinois, each of which was
probing the company's practices as part of a broader inquiry into the insurance
industry's relationships with brokers.

People familiar with the talks said a settlement isn't imminent, but could come
within as little as a month.

Aon's joint settlement talks, with New York and other unnamed states, were
reported earlier Friday on the website of The Insurance Insider, a British
insurance publication.

A joint deal would contrast with the settlement announced Jan. 31 by Aon's
larger competitor, Marsh & McLennan Cos., of New York, after a related
investigation. That agreement - seen as a template for pacts with other
insurance brokers - only settled charges brought by New York Attorney-General
Eliot Spitzer, although under its terms, Marsh will make $850-million (U.S.)
available to compensate clients nationwide. More than two dozen other states
continue to investigate the company.

Aon, the second-biggest U.S. insurance broker, is one of several big insurance
brokers under investigation by attorneys-general and insurance commissioners in
several states. In October, Mr. Spitzer sued Aon's rival Marsh, accusing it of
conspiring with several big insurers to rig bids, faking the appearance of
competition for corporate policy holders, while actually directing business to
favoured insurance companies. In settling the state lawsuit, Marsh apologized
for the actions of employees but neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing.

So far, Aon hasn't been formally accused of wrongdoing. However, Mr. Spitzer has
said publicly that he expects to find wrongdoing at brokers other than Marsh.
People familiar with the probe have said Mr. Spitzer's office also is
investigating whether Aon steered business to insurers agreeing to use Aon's
services when purchasing reinsurance, which is essentially insurance for
insurers. Aon has said it is co-operating with the inquiries.

Aon has said that an internal investigation found unspecified violations of its
code of conduct by "some employees," but hasn't elaborated. A spokesman declined
to comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 651 words


Lakers center being investigated in reported sexual assault

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Police are investigating a report of a sexual assault
involving Lakers center Kwame Brown.

The alleged assault occurred early Saturday, hours after the Lakers beat the
Phoenix Suns in Game 3 of their NBA playoff series, Los Angeles Police
Department spokesman Jason Lee said Tuesday.

Brown denied any wrongdoing.

"I want to assure everyone that I am completely innocent of any wrongdoing and
look forward to the truth coming out when this matter is fully investigated," he
said in a statement issued through the team office. "However, on the advice of
my attorney, I cannot comment further at this time."

Team spokesman John Black said the 24-year-old Brown was with the team, but
wouldn't comment further.

Lee said the Los Angeles County district attorney's office had been made aware
of the investigation, but he declined to provide further details.

The case is under investigation by the department's Robbery Homicide Division.

The Lakers were in Phoenix to play the Suns in Game 5 of their Western
Conference playoff series Tuesday night. Brown started in the game.

Ching, Conrad make U.S. World Cup roster

NEW YORK (AP) - Forward Brian Ching and defender Jimmy Conrad were among 11
newcomers picked Tuesday for the U.S. World Cup roster.

Forward Taylor Twellman and defender Gregg Berhalter were not included in the
23-man group picked by U.S. coach Bruce Arena.

Twelve holdovers were selected from the 2002 team, which advanced to the
quarterfinals in the best showing by the United States since 1930. The holdovers
included fowards Brian McBride and Josh Wolff; midfielders Claudio Reyna, Landon
Donovan, DaMarcus Beasley, John O'Brien and Pablo Mastroeni; defenders Steve
Cherundolo, Frankie Hejduk, Eddie Lewis and Eddie Pope; and goalkeeper Kasey
Keller.

Among the newcomers were forward Eddie Johnson; midfielders Bobby Convey, Clint
Dempsey and Ben Olsen; defenders Carlos Bocanegra, Cory Gibbs and Oguchi Onyewu;
and goalkeepers Marcus Hahnemann and Tim Howard.

The average age of the U.S. team was 28.6 years, down slightly from 2002's
average of 28.8 and just above the 28.1 average in 1998, when the Americans
finished last in the 32-nation field.

At the World Cup in Germany, the United States opens against the Czech Republic
on June 12, meets Italy five days later and closes the first round against Ghana
on June 22.

NTSB suspects icing in Colorado crash that killed Ebersol son

WASHINGTON (AP) - A pilot's decision to visually inspect, but not to feel, the
wings of his plane to check for ice caused a 2004 airplane crash in Colorado
that killed the son of NBC Sports executive Dick Ebersol and two others,
National Transportation Safety Board members concluded Tuesday.

NTSB members met to decide the probable cause of the Nov. 28, 2004, crash that
killed 14-year-old Teddy Ebersol, the pilot and a flight attendant.

Board members issued several recommendations and renewed appeals to the Federal
Aviation Administration to require all pilots to feel their aircraft's wings for
ice and to train pilots on how to fly in winter weather conditions.

Magarity succeeds Maggie Dixon at Army

WEST POINT, N.Y. (AP) - A month after Maggie Dixon collapsed and died from a
heart problem, Dave Magarity was hired Tuesday to succeed her as Army's women's
basketball coach.

Magarity, who coached the Marist men's team in nearby Poughkeepsie for 18 years,
was hired last fall by Dixon to help steady an Army program in flux. He was
associate head coach during Army's run to its first Patriot League championship
and the academy's first berth in the NCAA tournament.

"I have mixed emotions today," said Magarity, Army's eighth head coach in 29
seasons of varsity play. "It's been a tough couple of weeks for us. Everybody
here lost a great friend, a woman with tremendous character and a great role
model, a young lady with a tremendous future."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 28, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

New scAndal brewS over stock options

BYLINE: Vineeta Anand and Laurence Arnold, Bloomberg

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 831  words


The practice of illegally awarding stock options to executives at artificially
low prices has become the focus of the biggest U.S. investigation on corporate
wrongdoing since the probe into illegal mutual-fund trading led to $4.3 billion
US in penalties.

At least 22 companies are being investigated by the Justice Department, the
Securities and Exchange Commission or the Internal Revenue Service over
stock-option grants. U.S. attorneys in New York and California issued grand-jury
subpoenas to 14 of those companies. The probe accelerated since Affiliated
Computer Services Inc., the biggest processor of student-loan payments, said
March 6 that the SEC was examining its options program.

Companies ranging from tiny Nyfix Inc., a money-losing supplier of trading
systems, to UnitedHealth Group Inc., a health insurer valued at $57 billion, may
have defrauded investors by deliberately backdating option grants to coincide
with low stock prices. The lower the price, the more an executive stands to make
by exercising the options when the shares rise.

"It shows again individuals abusing their position to enrich themselves at
somebody else's expense," said James Cox, a law professor at Duke University in
Durham, North Carolina.

Not since New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer exposed the illegal buying and
selling of mutual-fund shares almost three years ago have regulators opened as
broad an investigation of corporate America, Cox said. The options inquiry is
"the biggest pervasive financial scandal in capital markets" since the fund
probe ensnared more than two dozen companies, he said.

More than 25 companies are under examination for how they award stock options,
said Derek Meisner, a former branch chief in the SEC's enforcement division.
Meisner, a partner in the Boston office of Kirkpatrick & Lockhart Nicholson
Graham LLP, said he's advising some of the targeted firms. He declined to
identify them.

"I'm not aware of a corporate practice that has come under such scrutiny by the
SEC," Meisner said.

Prosecutors and regulators haven't made any allegations against the companies in
connection with the current investigation and no wrongdoing has been proved.
Calls to Stamford, Conn.-based Nyfix, which has a market value of $162 million,
were referred to marketing executive Barry Smith, who didn't return a voice-mail
message. UnitedHealth set up a special committee to review its stock-option
grants, spokesman Tyler Mason said.

Since November, executives at four companies including New York-based Comverse
Technology Inc., the world's largest maker of voice-mail software, and Vitesse
Semiconductor Corp., a Camarillo, Calif.-based chipmaker, have resigned, been
fired or put on leave in connection with internal or regulatory reviews of
stock-option grants.

The potential consequences for companies include criminal fraud charges,
earnings restatements, penalties for violating rules on corporate disclosure,
additional tax expenses and civil lawsuits by shareholders seeking damages, said
John Freeman, a professor of business ethics at the University of South Carolina
Law School in Columbia, who was a special counsel to the SEC in the 1970s.

UnitedHealth of Minnetonka, Minn., which disclosed an SEC investigation on May
11, is being sued by the state's attorney general and shareholders including the
Public Employees' Retirement System of Ohio and the State Teachers' Retirement
System of Ohio, which manage a total of about $130 billion. The company also
received a subpoena from the IRS.

Eight companies including San Jose, Calif.-based Power Integrations Inc., have
said they will or may restate past earnings because of option awards. Recently,
Power Integrations, another chipmaker, said it was being investigated by the SEC
and the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of California.

Stock options allow holders to buy shares at set prices on future dates. They're
usually granted to executives as part of annual compensation and set at the
current market price, giving managers an incentive to make the stock advance
over time.

While companies are allowed to award executive options at below-market prices,
they must charge the difference in value against earnings and potentially lose
the right to tax deductions on compensation exceeding $1 million. Backdating
gives executives a similar benefit without the extra corporate costs.

"Backdating is clearly a badge of fraud," said John Coffee, a professor of
securities law at Columbia University in New York.

One example of possible backdating involved the options on 1.825 million shares
that UnitedHealth gave chief executive William McGuire on Oct. 13, 1999,
according to a shareholder lawsuit filed against the company last week. The
grant coincided with the lowest price for UnitedHealth stock that year.

UnitedHealth shares rose 46 per cent in about five weeks following the grant,
giving McGuire a paper profit of more than $33 million. Today, the options would
be worth more than $500 million to McGuire.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Herald Archive, Bloomberg; The Enron complex is emblematic of the fraud
scandals at the turn of the century. Another scandal is now brewing, one that
concerns executive stock options.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Privileged Resolution offered by Ranking Member Slaughter to Dismantle Benghazi
Select Committee

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Rules has issued the
following press release:



 Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012, took the lives
of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith, and
former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty;





 Whereas the events leading up to and in the immediate aftermath of the attacks
on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were rightfully and thoroughly examined to
honor the memory of the victims and to improve the safety of the men and women
serving our country overseas;



 Whereas the independent Accountability Review Board convened by the U.S. State
Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of
deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas five committees in the U.S. House of Representatives investigated the
events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas four committees in the U.S. Senate investigated the events in Benghazi
and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas in each fiscal year, more than $4 billion is appropriated to run the
Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine
Congressional committees to investigate the events in Benghazi, none of which
produced any evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas after the exhaustive, thorough, and costly investigations by nine
Congressional committees and the independent Accountability Review Board found
no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted
on using taxpayer dollars to fund a new, duplicative &ldquo;Select Committee on
the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,&rdquo; (hereafter
the Select Committee) to re-examine the matter;



 Whereas this taxpayer-funded committee was given broad powers to pursue its
investigations, including an unlimited, taxpayer-funded budget and granting the
Chairman the legal authority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without
any debate or a vote;



 Whereas the ongoing Republican-led investigation into the events in Benghazi is
now one of the longest running and least productive investigations in
Congressional history;



 Whereas a widely-quoted statement made on September 29th, 2015 by
Representative Kevin McCarthy, the Republican Leader of the House of
Representatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of
the Select Committee and the House of Representatives as a whole;



 Whereas this statement by Representative McCarthy demonstrates that the Select
Committee established by Republican leaders in the House of Representatives was
created to influence public opinion of a presidential candidate;



 Whereas the Select Committee has been in existence for 17 months but has held
only three hearings;



 Whereas the Select Committee abandoned its plans to obtain public testimony
from Defense Department and Intelligence Community leaders;



 Whereas the Select Committee excluded Democratic Members from interviews of
witnesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation;



 Whereas information obtained by the Select Committee has been selectively and
inaccurately leaked to influence the electoral standing of a candidate for
public office;



 Whereas such actions represent an abuse of power that demonstrates the partisan
nature of the Select Committee;



 Whereas the Select Committee has spent more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds
to date to advance its partisan efforts;



 Whereas this amount does not include the costs of the independent
Accountability Review Board; the hearings and reports by nine Congressional
committees; the time, money, and resources consumed by Federal agencies to
comply with Select Committee requests; or the opportunity cost of not spending
this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers
abroad;



 Whereas it is an outrage that more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds have
been used by Republicans in the House of Representatives, not to run the
government, but to interfere inappropriately with an election for president of
the United States;



 Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars by the House of Representatives for
campaign purposes is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law;



 Resolved, that



 1)  this misuse of the official resources of the House of Representatives for
political purposes undermines the integrity of the proceedings of the House and
brings discredit to the House;



 2)  the integrity of the proceedings of the House can be fully restored only by
the dissolution of the Select Committee; and



 3) the Select Committee shall be dismantled and is hereby directed to make
public within thirty days transcripts of all unclassified interviews and
depositions it has conducted.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Privileged Resolution offered by Ranking Member Slaughter to Dismantle Benghazi
Select Committee

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Rules has issued the
following press release:



 Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012, took the lives
of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith, and
former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty;





 Whereas the events leading up to and in the immediate aftermath of the attacks
on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were rightfully and thoroughly examined to
honor the memory of the victims and to improve the safety of the men and women
serving our country overseas;



 Whereas the independent Accountability Review Board convened by the U.S. State
Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of
deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas five committees in the U.S. House of Representatives investigated the
events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas four committees in the U.S. Senate investigated the events in Benghazi
and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas in each fiscal year, more than $4 billion is appropriated to run the
Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine
Congressional committees to investigate the events in Benghazi, none of which
produced any evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



 Whereas after the exhaustive, thorough, and costly investigations by nine
Congressional committees and the independent Accountability Review Board found
no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted
on using taxpayer dollars to fund a new, duplicative &ldquo;Select Committee on
the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,&rdquo; (hereafter
the Select Committee) to re-examine the matter;



 Whereas this taxpayer-funded committee was given broad powers to pursue its
investigations, including an unlimited, taxpayer-funded budget and granting the
Chairman the legal authority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without
any debate or a vote;



 Whereas the ongoing Republican-led investigation into the events in Benghazi is
now one of the longest running and least productive investigations in
Congressional history;



 Whereas a widely-quoted statement made on September 29th, 2015 by
Representative Kevin McCarthy, the Republican Leader of the House of
Representatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of
the Select Committee and the House of Representatives as a whole;



 Whereas this statement by Representative McCarthy demonstrates that the Select
Committee established by Republican leaders in the House of Representatives was
created to influence public opinion of a presidential candidate;



 Whereas the Select Committee has been in existence for 17 months but has held
only three hearings;



 Whereas the Select Committee abandoned its plans to obtain public testimony
from Defense Department and Intelligence Community leaders;



 Whereas the Select Committee excluded Democratic Members from interviews of
witnesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation;



 Whereas information obtained by the Select Committee has been selectively and
inaccurately leaked to influence the electoral standing of a candidate for
public office;



 Whereas such actions represent an abuse of power that demonstrates the partisan
nature of the Select Committee;



 Whereas the Select Committee has spent more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds
to date to advance its partisan efforts;



 Whereas this amount does not include the costs of the independent
Accountability Review Board; the hearings and reports by nine Congressional
committees; the time, money, and resources consumed by Federal agencies to
comply with Select Committee requests; or the opportunity cost of not spending
this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers
abroad;



 Whereas it is an outrage that more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds have
been used by Republicans in the House of Representatives, not to run the
government, but to interfere inappropriately with an election for president of
the United States;



 Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars by the House of Representatives for
campaign purposes is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law;



 Resolved, that



 1)  this misuse of the official resources of the House of Representatives for
political purposes undermines the integrity of the proceedings of the House and
brings discredit to the House;



 2)  the integrity of the proceedings of the House can be fully restored only by
the dissolution of the Select Committee; and



 3) the Select Committee shall be dismantled and is hereby directed to make
public within thirty days transcripts of all unclassified interviews and
depositions it has conducted.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

EDITORIAL: When heads roll, miscreants may pause

BYLINE: Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 403 words


Oct. 08--A federal judge recently sentenced Peanut Corporation of America CEO
Stewart Parnell to 28 years for making and selling products he knew might be
contaminated with salmonella.

Also this year, the U.S. Attorney in New Jersey is probing possible influence
peddling involving former United Airlines CEO Jeff Smisek, looking into whether
Smisek restarted flights from Newark to South Carolina to accommodate a Port
Authority heavyweight who could in turn arrange for lower gate rents for United
at its Newark hub.

Now former Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship faces a trial over charges he
conspired to violate mining workplace safety rules, allegedly contributing to
the deaths in 2010 of 29 miners in the Upper Big Branch Mine in West Virginia.

What's this, accountability at last?

For too long the answer to corporate wrongdoing, when it's been uncovered, has
been fines or penalties, but few consequences for those who should have -- and
often did -- know better. In the banking sector alone, recall the wholesale
speculating, mortgage-swapping and other virtually impenetrable financial
maneuvering that led to and exacerbated the Great Recession. Yet even bankers
who understood the financial risks but continued the practices faced no personal
responsibility. Instead, after the 2008 crisis, taxpayers' money helped rescue
some of the banks that had problems. One of those bailed-out bankers, Jamie
Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, counted a $22 billion profit last year even while he
railed against federal regulations designed to curb future risky behavior.

Parnell's sentence and Blankenship's trial indicate a welcome change toward
finding individuals themselves, not just the institutions where they work,
culpable for wrongdoing that harms real people. (There are no charges in the
case of Smisek, who left with the usual golden parachute.)

No one should lose a home to foreclosure because bigwigs helped the economy
tank. No one should be sickened or die from preventable salmonella poisoning.
Airline passengers shouldn't pay more for tickets just so an unsatisfactory CEO
can retire with a $5 million cushion.

Instead of smiling all the way to the bank, let them cry on the way to jail, if
that is warranted. The buck should, indeed, stop somewhere.

___ (c)2015 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151008-1PO-EDITORIAL-When-heads-roll-miscreants-may-pause-1008-20151008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2015


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 April 3, 2008

Quinn's Future

BYLINE: Azi Paybarah

LENGTH: 326 words


So, how will today's revelation affect Christine Quinn's political future?

Democratic consultant Hank Sheinkopf said, "We're required to give Speaker Quinn
the benefit of the doubt, especially since she announced today she was the
person who alerted law enforcement to the problem."

"We don't know the impact because we don't know what will occur here," added
Sheinkopf, who has worked for likely mayoral candidate Bill Thompson. "The good
news is, from a P.R. and political perspective, she got in front of the story.
The bad news is is that she's in the story. And only time will tell if she
remains in the story."

Dick Dadey, Executive Director of Citizens Union, was somewhat more critical.
"It's not a good use of taxpayer funds," he told me. "I believe Speaker Quinn
tried to end the practice and did not. And it's at odds with her success as a
reformer, and bringing transparency to the budget process."

"I don't think there's any wrongdoing," said former Speaker Peter Vallone, Sr.
"I don't have the facts but I don't think there's any wrongdoing here. At most,
it's an innocent mistake."

Of course, Vallone also confirmed that, as speaker, he "parked" taxpayer money
to make up for funding shortfalls.

"I think the wrongdoing [would be]: 'Where was the money spent? How was it
spent? Where was it spent?" he added. Vallone, now a lobbyist, said if the money
wound up being used to fund legitimate groups, then Quinn won't be badly
damaged.

Michael Bloomberg, an ally of Quinn, proudly defended her at a press conference
today.

He told reporters in Manhattan, "Christine Quinn I've worked with for six years
now. She's the most honest person I know."

When asked if he knew about the practice, Bloomberg responded, "I just told you,
the first I knew about it was today. If I found there were fake organizations in
there, do you really think that I would sign the budget? Thank you very much. I
would hope you'd expect a little more from me, for goodness' sake."

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               September 20, 2012
                                 First Edition

Pharma firms lose trust of doctors after huge fines;
HEALTH

BYLINE: Jeremy Laurance HEALTH EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 251 words


The global pharmaceutical industry has racked up fines of more than $11bn in the
past three years for criminal wrongdoing, including withholding safety data and
promoting drugs for use beyond their licensed conditions.

In all, 26 companies have been found to be acting dishonestly. The scale of the
wrongdoing has undermined trust in the industry and is holding back clinical
progress, according to two papers published in today's New England Journal of
Medicine.

The largest fine, of $3bn, was imposed on the UK-based company GlaxoSmithKline
in July after it admitted three counts of criminal behaviour in the US courts.
Nine other companies have had fines imposed, ranging from $420m on Novartis to
$2.3bn on Pfizer. Fines totalling more than $11bn have been levied since 2009.

Kevin Outterson, a lawyer at Boston University, says the fines amount to a small
proportion of the companies' total revenues and may be regarded as a "cost of
doing business". The $3bn fine on GSK represents 10.8 per cent of its revenue.
After GSK admitted it had withheld safety data about its bestselling diabetes
drug Avandia, it pledged to make more clinical trial information available. But
the pledge has "disturbing exceptions", according to Mr Outterson, and in any
case is made under the corporate integrity agreement, which expires in five
years.

Doctors now dismiss clinical trials funded by the industry, even those conducted
with scientific rigour, according to a second paper in the journal by
researchers in Boston.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2012 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 15, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State Job Estimates Get Federal Look

BYLINE: MICHAEL SASSO, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 510 words


LABOR BUREAU EXPECTS GLITCH, NOT WRONGDOING

By MICHAEL SASSO

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - The U.S. Department of Labor is looking into why Florida's employment
estimates showed the state gained tens of thousands of jobs during the past year
when it actually lost thousands.

The federal agency isn't investigating suspected wrongdoing on anyone's part.
Instead it's reviewing whether there was a procedural glitch that caused such a
big discrepancy between the state's original estimates and the revised figures.
In January, the Florida Agency for Workforce Innovation announced Florida had
gained 85,800 jobs in December when compared with December 2006.

In reality, the state lost 21,600 jobs in that comparison period, according to
revised figures issued by the agency this month.

Some other big states also had problems. California overestimated its employment
level by tens of thousands of people in December, while Texas underestimated it,
said Ken Robertson, program manager of the Current Employment Statistics program
for the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics.

In Florida's case, those overestimations caused the state agency to boast that
Florida had one of the strongest job markets in the nation, when it was shedding
jobs.

This week, Chris Cate, a spokesman for the agency, said the estimates weren't
misreported intentionally.

"Under no circumstances have we ever tried to spin any numbers," Cate said.

Florida uses a complicated formula created by the U.S. Department of Labor to
estimate employment levels in nonagricultural jobs. It includes monthly surveys
of about 14,000 businesses in the state, as well as backing up those projections
by looking at unemployment compensation tax records once a year.

The federal government does the monthly surveys, but the Florida agency does the
employment estimates based on the results of those surveys.

In recent months, the state's original estimates appeared to show that Florida's
labor market was holding up better than the nation's. The state's job growth
rate was shrinking in recent months, but the state was still growing by about 1
percent.

However, when the state did its once-a-year review and looked at the
unemployment compensation records, it discovered it had been losing jobs since
August.

Robertson, the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics official, said he doesn't
think there was any attempt on the state's part to puff up its labor market. He
said the federal agency is looking into what it can do better.

Robertson said it's not unusual for a state to have to revise its employment
estimates. In December, California had to revise its employment estimate
downward by 124,100 jobs. In comparison, Florida revised its estimate downward
by 107,400 jobs that month, according to state figures. Texas, however,
underestimated its employment and revised its job estimates upward by 84,600
jobs in December.

Reporter Michael Sasso can be reached at (813) 259-7865 or msasso@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

'Judge Dread' Seen Approving B of A Settlement After Rejecting Citi's

BYLINE: Kate Berry, Maria Aspan

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 176 No. 188

LENGTH: 777  words


Bank of America Corp. is expected to clear a legal hurdle that tripped up
Citigroup Inc. last week and has propelled it toward a risky day in court.

B of A, based in Charlotte, N.C., agreed late Monday to pay $315 million to
settle a class action suit alleging that its Merrill Lynch unit made false and
misleading statements about the quality of mortgage-backed securities it sold to
investors.

Before B of A can write a check and rid itself of the nettlesome suit, its
settlement must meet with the approval of a federal judge. Not just any federal
judge but "Judge Dread." That's the nickname coined for Jed S. Rakoff of U.S.
Federal Court for the Southern District of New York.

Rakoff is notoriously critical of securities-related settlements that include
financial payments but no admissions of wrongdoing. It was one such proposed
$285 million agreement between Citigroup and the Securities and Exchange
Commission that Rakoff turned down last week. Just like in the Citi case, B of
A's involves accusations of fraud involving mortgage-backed securities and
proposes as a remedy a large fine but no admission of wrongdoing.

One key difference between the suits is that B of A's involves private
litigation brought in the name of the Public Employees' Retirement System of
Mississippi. Citi's, by contrast, involved a Securities and Exchange Commission
regulatory investigation. Industry observers say Rakoff is likely to find less
to object to if B of A comes to him with a settlement that is directly supported
by investors.

Judge Rakoff does not comment on pending litigation, according to Matt
Shahabian, a law clerks in his chambers. B of A declined to comment on Tuesday.

David Stickney, a partner at Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann LLP, who
represents the mortgage investors, said in the filing Monday that the settlement
of complex class action litigation "is favored by public policy and strongly
encouraged by the courts."

"Although lead plaintiff and lead counsel believe that the claims asserted in
the action are meritorious and that the class would ultimately prevail at trial,
continued litigation against defendants posed significant risks that made any
recovery for the class uncertain," Stickney wrote. He was not immediately
available to comment on Tuesday.

"I find it highly unlikely in the absence of objections that Judge Rakoff or any
other judge would reject a private securities litigation that returns real money
to investors," says Michael Donovan, founding member of Donovan Axler LLP in
Philadelphia, which represents investors in securities litigation.

"It's a well-done settlement and private litigations have a different point than
SEC litigation," says Donovan, whose firm was not involved in the B of A
litigation.

In objecting to the Citi-SEC settlement last week, Rakoff wrote that the agency
"has a duty, inherent in its statutory mission, to see that the truth emerges;
and if it fails to do so, this court must not, in the name of deference or
convenience, grant judicial enforcement to the agency's contrivances."

John Coffee, a professor at Columbia University's law school who co-teaches a
securities law seminar with Rakoff, says he does not think the judge would
"carry over his same feelings about increased transparency to the world of
private litigation."

Rakoff "is not looking at whether there is adequate transparency," says Coffee,
who emphasized that he has not spoken with Rakoff about the case and is not a
spokesman for the judge. "What you're really looking at is whether the
settlement is fair to the class, or if it puts the interest of the plaintiffs'
attorneys in getting a high fee award ahead of the class - so it's a different
set of concerns."

Donovan also predicts that Rakoff would be unlikely to object to a proposed deal
that has been reached after the parties held extensive arm's-length negotiations
and in-person mediation sessions with a former U.S. District judge. The lawsuit
had been actively litigated for nearly three years and involved an analysis of
more than 20 million pages of documents and more than 75 subpoenas, according to
the settlement filed late Monday with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan.

The bank is painfully familiar with the judge's rigorous approval process. In
2009, Rakoff blocked B of A's proposed $33 million settlement with the SEC over
covert Merrill Lynch bonus payments. He eventually - and reluctantly - approved
a revised settlement of $150 million.

For B of A, the proposed settlement with mortgage securities investors is likely
covered by the insurance, which generally excludes government litigation and
other regulatory actions, according to Donovan.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 24, 2008 Saturday

Husted unveils plan to increase IG's authority;
The House speaker's legislation would expand authority to probe elected state
officials.

BYLINE: By William Hershey Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 382 words


COLUMBUS - House Speaker Jon Husted, R-Kettering, and Gov. Ted Strickland want
to strengthen independent oversight of wrongdoing in state government.

On Friday, May 23, however, they advocated different approaches to get there in
the wake of the sexual harassment scandal that drove Attorney General Marc Dann
from office.

Husted unveiled legislation to expand Inspector General Tom Charles' authority
to include investigating wrongdoing involving the attorney general, auditor,
secretary of state and treasurer.

Under House Bill 576, Charles' expanded authority would continue until his term
expires in 2011 and after that the chief justice of the Ohio Supreme Court would
appoint the inspector general, with the advice and consent of the state Senate.

Under current law, the governor appoints the inspector general.

Charles' authority now covers the governor, his staff and state agencies under
the governor's control. Strickland and the legislature gave Charles temporary
authority to investigate the current scandal in the attorney general's office
but that authority expires when the investigation ends.

"If you know about wrongdoing in the attorney general's office, who do you
call?" Husted asked. "There's no number right now."

Keith Dailey, Strickland's spokesman, said the governor believes having the
chief justice from the judicial branch of government appoint a watchdog for
statewide, executive officeholders raises separation of powers concerns.

"He'd no more support this proposal than support giving the governor the
authority to appoint an inspector general to investigate the legislature," said
Dailey.

Strickland would support a separate inspector general or similar independent
authority for each part of state government, including the Supreme Court, said
Dailey.

The Legislative Inspector General now implements legislators' compliance with
ethics and lobbying laws.

Husted said he believes one inspector general for the executive offices would be
sufficient but is willing to listen to other ideas.

"We're willing to listen to other people's opinions but what we're not willing
to do is let the situation stand where there's nobody to do an investigation if
there's wrongdoing in these offices," said Husted.

Contact this reporter at (614) 224-1608 or whershey@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Jon Husted

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                               May 6, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

AMBASSADORS LOSES RATING;
BBB downgrades travel program

BYLINE: Tom Sowa toms@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5492

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 458 words


The Better Business Bureau for Eastern Washington, North Idaho and Montana has
pulled the accreditation of Spokane-based specialty travel company Ambassadors
Group.

Ambassadors, a publicly traded, for-profit company, lost that status when the
local BBB board voted last week to drop the company's favorable rating after it
signed a voluntary compliance agreement with the Iowa attorney general's office.

That agreement, in December 2010, admitted no wrongdoing but included a formal
statement by Ambassadors that it would stop sending misleading invitations to
students about why they were strong candidates for paid education trips to
different countries.

Ambassadors operates "People to People" educational travel programs for students
as well as business travel programs for adults.

In 2006, Iowa's consumer protection office flagged Ambassadors after an Iowa
mother complained the company sent marketing material to her son, saying he was
"recommended" by teachers to join the travel program. The son had died many
years earlier.

No wrongdoing was admitted in the 2006 case, as well.

The 2010 compliance agreement in Iowa was about a different but related issue.
The Iowa attorney general flagged the company because its marketing letters
"falsely suggested" the governor of Iowa was involved in selecting recipients of
travel offers.

Ambassadors paid $50,000 to the Iowa consumer protection office in signing the
2010 agreement.

The Eastern Washington, Idaho, Montana BBB has a standards committee of six
board members, and that board recommended Ambassadors' accreditation be revoked,
said BBB President and CEO Jan Quintrall.

Meredith Banka, vice president of marketing for Ambassadors, said the company
will continue appealing that action. The company's officers feel the BBB's
action was "totally disproportionate" to the facts involving the two Iowa cases,
Banka said.

Quintrall said the regional BBB has issued about 2,800 accreditations, which
amount to a seal of approval.

It uses standards applied across the country, which note that "government
actions" can affect the grade a company has with the BBB.

Each government "action" can be deemed minor, moderate or major; in this case,
the BBB's committee designated the second Iowa agreement as major, Quintrall
said.

Companies that fall below a "B" grade lose accreditation, she said. Ambassadors
fell to a "D" with the 2010 Iowa agreement, she said.

Ambassadors first earned its accreditation with the BBB in 1982 and has
maintained its status until now.

The BBB website notes the company has generated about 37 complaints in the past
three years. Quintrall said that's a small number for a company its size. All of
those complaints have been answered and are considered cleared, she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      April 12, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Xerox pays $10M fine

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Marcy Gordon

SECTION: Business; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 250 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Xerox Corp. is paying a record $10-million civil penalty and
revising financial statements back to 1997 to settle federal regulators'
allegations of accounting fraud by the world's largest copier company.

In a federal court filing yesterday in New York City, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission alleged the blue-chip company used "accounting tricks" and
"accounting opportunities" to boost its earnings by $1.5 billion U.S. and hide
its true performance from investors.

"Xerox used its accounting to burnish and distort operating results rather than
to describe them accurately," SEC enforcement director Stephen Cutler said. "For
Xerox, the accounting function was just another revenue source and profit
opportunity. As a result, investors were misled and betrayed."

The SEC's civil lawsuit was filed under a settlement agreement last week with
the company. Xerox, of Stamford, Connecticut, agreed to pay the $10-million U.S.
penalty, which the SEC said was a record for alleged financial fraud by a
publicly traded company.

Xerox neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing.

The agreement also requires Xerox to restate its financial statements for 1997
through 2000 and adjust previously announced 2001 results.

The restatement will primarily reflect adjustments in the timing and allocation
of lease revenue and could involve a reallocation of equipment sales revenue in
excess of $2 billion from 1997 through 2000, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Mo Farah cleared of wrongdoing by UK Athletics

LENGTH: 424  words


MO FARAH is clear to chase yet more glory at the World Championships in Beijing
in the eyes of UK Athletics.

Bosses at the UK's governing body found no evidence of wrongdoing by Farah in
their initial investigation into allegations of doping against the British
star's coach Alberto Salazar.

UKA said its investigation had not yielded "any reason to question the
appropriateness of the input" of Salazar's Nike Oregon Project to double Olympic
champion Farah's training regime.

UKA launched a review following allegations broadcast in a BBC Panorama
programme in June that Salazar, the head coach at the Nike Oregon Project in
Portland, where Farah trains, had violated several anti-doping rules.

Salazar, who is an unpaid consultant' for UKA, has strenuously denied all the
accusations against him. Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing in the BBC
documentary, has vowed to stick by his coach unless any allegations are proven.

UKA launched a review into the American's relationship with the governing body
and Farah, which was undertaken by its three-person Performance Oversight Group
comprising former athletes Jason Gardener, Dr Sarah Rowell and Anne
Wafula-Strike.

A statement from UKA said: "With reference to the first and most vital objective
of the review, the board can confirm that none of the extensive information
supplied to the POG contained any evidence of impropriety on the part of Mo
Farah, nor gave UK Athletics any reason to question the appropriateness of the
input given by the Oregon Project to Mo Farah's training regime."

Farah is currently training at his base in Font Romeu in the Pyrenees as he
gears up for the defence of his 5,000 and 10,000 metres titles in Beijing next
month.

Farah was questioned by the United States Anti-Doping Agency in a routine
meeting at a central London hotel on Saturday, a day after he received a warm
reception on a winning return to the Olympic Stadium for the Sainsbury's
Anniversary Games.

UKA said the formal investigations by USADA and UK Anti-Doping into the
allegations against Salazar meant the findings from its own review "will now
need to be shared with UKAD, at their request, prior to any wider circulation".

It said that its board therefore does not expect to make a public announcement
on its full findings until after the World Championships in Beijing, which
finish on August 30.

UKA added it "continues to take the issue of doping violations in sport
extremely seriously and will assist UKAD and other relevant authorities in their
important work whenever required".

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 18, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Two Former NYRA Clerks of Scales Cleared of Wrongdoing

BYLINE: By BILL FINLEY

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 562 words


The charges against two former New York Racing Association employees, the
retired jockey Braulio Baeza and Mario Sclafani, were dismissed yesterday by a
Saratoga County judge. Sclafani and Baeza, who had each worked in the jockeys'
quarters at the NYRA tracks, had been accused of allowing several jockeys to
ride at weights far greater than those that were being reported to the betting
public.

After investigators from the office of Eliot Spitzer, then the attorney general,
raided Aqueduct in 2004, Baeza, 67, and Sclafani, 50, were charged with
tampering with a sports contest, scheming to defraud, falsifying business
records, conspiracy, grand larceny and petit larceny. It was never alleged that
the two men received bribes or were betting based on inside information, only
that their actions may have misled the public into betting on horses whose
chances were compromised by the overweight jockeys.

Lawyers for the two men had argued that the case against their clients was
flawed and that the investigators did not understand the rules of racing. In
part, Judge Jerry Scarano appeared to agree. He based his ruling on his finding
that the jockey scale at Saratoga, where many of the alleged infractions
occurred, was old and not properly calibrated.

''We felt from the beginning that the case against these two was based on faulty
evidence and that they had no real evidence of any wrongdoing,'' said Todd
Greenberg, a lawyer representing Sclafani, the former NYRA clerk of scales.
''I'm still amazed they ever got indicted. They misled the grand jury; they
misunderstood the rules of racing.''

The office of  Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, which took over the case after
Spitzer was elected governor, did not return a telephone call. None of the
jockeys  were charged with wrongdoing, which left Sclafani and Baeza as the
focus of the case. In Baeza, who was  the assistant clerk of scales, authorities
had charged a Hall of Fame jockey who had won a Kentucky Derby and was a
respected member of the New York racing community.

''I'm very bitter,'' Baeza said yesterday. ''You have to realize that these
people took three years of my life and deprived me of making a living. I was so
embarrassed when they handcuffed me and put me in a jail cell. Never in my life
had I gone through anything like that. I was humiliated, and it was all over
something where I did nothing wrong.''

The two were arrested at a time when NYRA was fighting for survival and appeared
eager to show lawmakers who would decide its future that it was cracking down on
malfeasance after several of its mutuel clerks were found guilty of tax evasion
and money laundering. Peter Karches, then a co-chairman of the NYRA board,
acknowledged he was the one who tipped off Spitzer's office about a possible
problem with the jockeys. Karches died in 2006. Paul DerOhannesian, Baeza's
attorney, said NYRA's situation at the time played a part in the ordeal.

''They were in a battle with competing groups to retain their franchise and they
had to do something to show everyone what a good job they were doing going after
people who might have been breaking rules,'' DerOhannesian said. ''You take that
and a careless investigation, and those are the factors that caused Braulio to
lose three years off his life.''

Sclafani said  he intended to take legal action against  the state and NYRA.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Braulio Baeza was accused of letting jockeys ride at weights
higher than the reported figures.(PHOTOGRAPH BY STEWART CAIRNS FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            December 02, 2012 Sunday

Paid leave perk puts taxpayers on bottom of heap

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 459 words


It's amazing how often taxpayers are forgotten about in state government. The
latest case in point is a problem unearthed by Chicago Tribune reporters Jared
S. Hopkins and Alex Richards. This is one of those "only in Illinois" stories
that make you wonder if anyone in state government remembers who is paying the
bills.

The Tribune report showed that between 2007 and September, 2,033 state workers
were placed on paid leave at various times. The cost of those leaves was $23
million.

State employees can be placed on paid leave while they are being investigated
for wrongdoing. That's reasonable; employees are innocent until proven guilty
and if an employee is stealing, mistreating customers or doing something else
wrong, they can't be allowed to continue working. That said, an average of 400
incidents a year of suspected wrongdoing seems like a lot.

But the real problem is that the investigations drag on for months, and in a few
cases, years. During those times, these state workers collect a paycheck for
doing nothing. Nearly 70 of the cases chronicled by the Tribune showed some
state workers were on paid leave for at least a year. One drew 1,100 days of
paid leave. The employee said she didn't have to call in or do anything - the
checks just kept coming in the mail.

The blame for this mess is a morass of government agencies and experts that seem
to be unable to efficiently communicate.

The office of Executive Inspector General Ricardo Meza handles most of the
paid-leave cases with a $7.2 million budget and about 70 employees. During the
last fiscal year, his department handled 2,492 cases.

But every constitutional officer also has at least one inspector general and
some state offices have their own investigative departments. The Department of
Human Services, responsible for about half of the paid leave cases, has its own
inspector general.

The union representing state workers, AFSCME, and Gov. Pat Quinn both state that
employees deserve due process.

That's not the point.

The point is that fewer employees should be placed on paid leave in the first
place and the cases should be investigated quickly. Employees who have been
involved in wrongdoing should be suspended or fired, not give a free vacation.
Employees who are falsely accused or cleared of wrongdoing should be put back to
work. Anything else is a waste of taxpayer money.

We've heard from many state officials who claim that savings through reducing
"waste, fraud and abuse" won't make a difference as the state deals with its
massive financial problems. It's true that cannot be the sole solution.

But it's also clear the stewards of taxpayer dollars are allowing plenty of it
to be wasted by paying employees suspected of wrongdoing for extended vacations.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Pantagraph


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Fess up, weasels SEC's White: Fines aren't enough

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 498 words


Wall Street's top cop on Thursday called for steeper penalties for corporate
wrongdoing and vowed to continue to force the worst offenders to confess sins.

Mary Jo White, chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said she is
supporting legislation introduced last year to give the regulator greater power
to penalize wrongdoers.

Currently, the SEC is limited to imposing fines to punish those who acquire
ill-gotten gains. The fines often amount to less than what investors lost,
especially in Ponzi schemes.

Under the proposed, tougher rules, the SEC would be allowed to base its penalty
on either the current formula of three times the ill-gotten gains or the amount
of investor losses - whichever is greater.

The proposed legislation, introduced last year by US senators Jack Reed (D-RI)
and Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), would also let the SEC seek additional penalties
for repeat offender.s

"These would be very powerful, additional tools," White said in a speech before
the Council of Institutional Investors, a coalition of corporate pension funds
and other large investors.

White, 65, also vowed to bring more individuals to account for wrongs committed
by their corporations or firms, another sore point among the investing public.
The SEC has faced widespread criticism for not bringing cases against
high-profile persons responsible for the financial meltdown .

"I want to be sure we are looking first at the individual conduct and working
out to the entity, rather than starting with the entity as a whole and working
in," she said. "It is a subtle shift, but one that could bring more individuals
into enforcement cases."

White is a former federal prosecutor whose leadership of the SEC since April has
been marked by a tougher stance against wrongdoers - forcing many to admit their
sins.

In the past, individuals and companies were allowed to settle probes and
lawsuits without admitting or denying wrongdoing.

White ticked off instances where admissions of wrongdoing were the right path to
settling cases in which:

l  A large number of investors have been harmed or the conduct was otherwise
egregious.

l   Conduct posed a big risk to the market or investors.

l  Admissions would aid investors in deciding whether to deal with a particular
party in the future.

l  Reciting unambiguous facts would send an important message to the market
about a particular case.

In 2011, Judge Jed Rakoff set off a firestorm when he blocked the SEC's $285
million deal with Citigroup because he was concerned that the deal didn't hold
anyone accountable. The SEC appealed his decision and a outcome is pending.

White, meanwhile, has moved full speed ahead on the new initiative. Recently,
she forced Phil Falcone to admit to an improper loan from his hedge fund,
Harbinger Group, to pay his taxes.

And the SEC just last week forced JPMorgan to admit it violated securities laws
tied to its London Whale trading blunder.

kwhitehouse@nypost

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SOLEMN VOW: Wall Street top cop Mary Jo White wants to broaden the
SEC's powers in punishing wrongdoers. (Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Experts lay doubt on corporate crackdown;
New policy fails to address key issues, applies to future cases

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse, @kajawhitehouse, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 312 words


The Department of Justice's new push to crack down on CEOs may be eliciting
daydreams of perp walks, but experts warn it won't happen any time soon.

In the hours Thursday after the DOJ vowed to hold more individuals responsible
for corporate crimes, people started dropping names of heads they would like to
see roll.

"Show us how serious you are by starting with Jon Corzine," tweeted portfolio
manager Jon Boorman, referring to the former governor of New Jersey who oversaw
the collapse of commodity brokerage firm MF Global, which led to a scandal over
improper money transfers from customers' accounts.

But experts say CEO arrests won't likely pick up any time soon -- if ever. The
concern is that the DOJ's new policy, outlined in a memo to staff this week,
does not address  key issues that make prosecuting individuals tied to large
corporations so difficult.

Deputy U.S. Attorney General Sally Quillian Yates this week outlined specific
steps to hold individual corporate wrongdoers accountable. The new policy
requires that corporations provide the DOJ "all relevant facts relating to the
individuals responsible for the misconduct" or forgo any credit for cooperating.
It also demands that DOJ officials "focus on individuals from the inception of
the investigation," rather than corporate wrongdoing.

Another reason the DOJ policy change won't result in a plethora of CEO arrests
is that it won't apply to much of the wrongdoing that contributed to the
financial crisis. Yates said the policy changes apply to "future investigations"
and pending matters.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch also could have a limited window to implement the
policy, depending on the 2016 presidential election.

"We may get a new attorney general," says Brandon Garrett, law professor at the
University of Virginia and author of Too Big to Jail: How Prosecutors Compromise
with Corporations.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

If city manager, police chief are found not guilty, Utah town will pay their
lawyers

BYLINE: By Nate Carlisle The Salt Lake Tribune By Nate Carlisle The Salt Lake
Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News; State

LENGTH: 471 words


The town of Springdale is almost doubling what it plans to spend on legal fees
in case its city manager and police chief are acquitted of felonies.

For now, Springdale City Manager Richard "Rick" Wixom and police Chief Kurt
Wright are paying for their own legal defense. But Mayor Pat Cluff said Tuesday
the city will reimburse them if they are not convicted.

And that would be fine with Cluff.

"We have faith in these people," Cluff said. "We consider that there hasn't been
any wrongdoing. There may have been mistakes, but no wrongdoing at all."

In February, Utah Attorney General John Swallow charged Wixom and Wright each
with a third-degree felony count of failure to keep and pay over public money.
The crime is punishable by up to five years in prison.

The charges stem from a state audit that found Springdale police officers would
stop foreign tourists for offenses and offer to let them pay their fine on the
spot. Springdale sits outside Zion National Park, which receives 2.8 million
annual visitors. Court papers say more than $33,000 was steered to city coffers
rather than the local justice court.

While the criminal charges against Wixom and Wright do not allege they pocketed
any money, the audit found money was unaccounted for.

Springdale leaders have supported Wixom and Wright, pointing out there's no
evidence they benefitted financially from the ticket practice.

A proposed budget for fiscal year 2014 was published in advance of a city
council hearing tonight. The documents shows Springdale plans to spend $110,200
on legal fees.

Springdale had budgeted to spend $60,200 on legal fees in the current fiscal
year, but instead has thus far spent $92,741. The new fiscal year begins July 1.

David Church, an attorney for Utah League of Cities and Towns, said if Wixom and
Wright are acquitted, state law would allow them to sue Springdale to recoup
their legal fees.

That happened in Eagle Mountain after former Mayor Brian Olsen was acquitted of
misusing public funds in 2008. Olsen sued the city for his legal fees. The Provo
Daily Herald reported Olsen and Eagle Mountain settled the case by paying Olsen
$100,412 for court costs.

Church said he knows Wixom and Wright and likes them both.

"It would be totally out of character for both of them to commit any crime,"
Church said.

Cluff said if Wixon and Wright are convicted, the city will retain the balance
of the budgeted legal fees.

Wixom and Wright continue to work at their respective jobs pending trial. A
preliminary hearing is scheduled for both defendants on June 19 in 5th District
Court in St. George.



ncarlisle@sltrib.com

Twitter: @natecarlisle Alt Heads:

Springdale budgeting lawyers for city employees

Town sets aside cash in case of acquittal Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet nonummy

Vendion parchic tes sunt eostionse volecer oremquam, comnietur rerspicia consed.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
An RV turns onto Zion Park Blvd. in Springdale to enter Zion National Park in
June 2012. Two officials have been charged after a state audit said Springdale
police illegally collected money from foreign tourists and that some of the cash
was not accounted for.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           August 12, 2015 Wednesday

No lost sleep

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 657 words


Apparently the woman who wrote "Airport noise" (Aug. 11) has no idea how our air
traffic system operates.

Planes have been flying in and out of the Minneapolis-St. Paul International
Airport for many years, probably many years prior to her moving to West St.
Paul. This year, the noise is the same as in previous years. I have lived in
Inver Grove Heights directly under the approaches to the west-facing runways for
more than 20 years and have never lost any sleep because of airplane noise. On
the contrary, I find it enjoyable.

She states that she is located on "the departure track" of the airport, whatever
that means. What she doesn't understand is that aircraft land and take off
directly into the wind, and do so in all kinds of weather. Because the wind in
our area is predominantly from the west, aircraft depart MSP most of the time in
a westerly direction and seldom take off easterly over West St. Paul. Landing
aircraft make very little noise compared with departing aircraft. Personally, I
enjoy watching and listening to them. It is the 21st century, isn't it?

She stated that "planes are screaming and shrieking overhead, and when not doing
that, they are growling" on the ground. Wow! I wonder just where she is located.
Might I suggest that she look for a new place to live, far away from the
terrible "screaming, shrieking, and growling" where she can "enjoy the lovely
peace of open doors and windows of a beautiful Minnesota summer day," and when
she does fly, it will take her several hours to get to the airport.

John Ferguson, Inver Grove Heights

Come together

It is unfortunate that the death of decency has occurred in Lake Elmo and it is
time for that to be reversed.

The real issue is that the two appointed men to the City Council ran for actual
election in 2014 and lost. The two appointees were nice people, but showed no
prior active involvement in the city. Once appointed, they could be counted on
to follow the lead on what was presented to them for a controlling vote
majority. The appointees had a record and vision to totally transform Lake Elmo
as quickly as possible. The challengers had a more thoughtful, measured approach
for the city vision, which mirrored the values of the residents. The women
challengers ran against the gentlemen and the women won the popular vote in
November 2014.

It is time to come together and stop purveying the message of hatred.

Susan Dunn, Lake Elmo

False claims

It should be conclusively evident to any thinking person that in all of the
difficulties that have happened within the Catholic Church, it is not the
Catholic Church that is guilty of anything, as is alluded to in many if not all
of the anti-Catholic media articles, reporting and accusations. In fact, as has
always been the case of wrongdoing, it is a few individuals who have made
mistakes, some very serious, who are guilty of wrongdoing, and the world is full
of those who individually perpetrate such wrongdoing.

It is interesting and ironic that when corporate individuals, educational
individuals or government individuals make serious mistakes and commit illegal
and injurious acts, it is very seldom if ever that the corporation, the school
or the government is accused or held liable for the offense. The individual is
proven guilty, held liable and prosecuted. However, when it comes to the
Catholic Church, there is an entirely different standard that is applied. The
attorneys, looking for the almighty dollar for themselves and their clients,
with the assistance of the media, biased reporters and the courts, make
questionable and ignorant guilty claims against the institution instead of the
individuals who erred.

So those who would have animus against the Catholic Church are prone to make
unjust and false claims as to just who bears the guilt in such wrongdoing. The
Church is guilty of nothing while the individuals bear all of the guilt and
quite frankly should be prosecuted.

R.J. Houck, Roseville

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The Morning Briefing; The Lighter Side Of Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A41

LENGTH: 360 words


Three-time Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo has been hit with a two-year
doping ban after testing positive for the bloodbooster EPO. Officials figured
something was amiss when she needed another 20 miles for her cool-down lap.

HEADLINES -

- At TheOnion.com: "New NCAA regulations prohibit student-athletes from studying
more than 30 hours per week."

- At SportsPickle.com: "Patriots fire longtime Director of Football Cheating."

SUPER BOWL QUIZ

"Stork listed as questionable" on the Super Bowl injury report referred to: a)
Pats centre Bryan Stork (knee) b) Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman
(fatherhood)

MITT FOR TAT

Mitt Romney says he won't be a candidate for president in 2016.

The Tennessee Titans, refusing to be upstaged, announced they won't be in the
running for the 2016 Super Bowl, either.

WAYBACK MACHINE

"Bob Kraft referred questions about deflated footballs to Bill Belichick, who
denied all wrongdoing and blamed Tom Brady, who denied wrongdoing and blamed the

ballboys, who might rat out everyone," noted comedian Argus Hamilton. "We baby
boomers loved it. For one beautiful day, Nixon was still president and we were
all young again."

TALKO TIME

- Tom Cuddy, of WBZ Radio, on why the NHL turned down Johnny Gaudreau's request
to light his star on fire during the All-Star Weekend Skills Competition: "It
would have been a match penalty."

- Vancouver comic Torben Rolfsen on the Winter X Games adding a
snowmobile-jumping event: "What's next, Zamboni demolition derby?" - Comedy
writer Tim Hunter, after Sports Illustrated laid off all of its staff
photographers: "This year's Swimsuit Issue could be entirely selfies."

WELCOME TO THE CLUB

"We all have days like this," said Tiger Woods after carding a career-worst 82
in the Phoenix Open. Agreed - though for most of us, a round like that would be
an excellent day.

CAVALIER ATTITUDE

An Ohio inmate has asked to be paroled so he can watch LeBron James lead the
Cleveland Cavaliers to their first NBA title.

"If he's not paroled," wrote Brad Dickson of the Omaha (Neb.) World-Herald, "he
has successfully laid the groundwork for an insanity plea." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Associated Press Files; Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo was
banned for two years after testing positive for EPO.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Florida paper discovers Nutt-Shapiro call from 'O6' no wrongdoing
suggested

BYLINE: Parrish Alford, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 189 words


Aug. 23--OXFORD -- Ole Miss coach Houston Nutt had no comment on a report over
the weekend that linked him -- not in any way that ran afoul of NCAA regulations
-- with former Miami booster and whistle-blower Nevin Shapiro.

The South Florida Sun Sentinel reported late Sunday that Shapiro discussed with
Nutt the possibility of coaching the Hurricanes after Larry Coker had been let
go.

Perusing Nutt's cell phone records obtained by the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette
through the Freedom of Information Act in 2006, the Sun-Sentinel found that Nutt
had contact with both Shapiro and Miami assistant athletics director Tony
Hernandez on Dec. 7, 2006.

The records show Nutt called Shapiro in the morning on that day, a call lasting
30 minutes. Nutt hung up and called his agent, Jimmy Sexton, before contacting
Shapiro later that day.

Nutt also called Hernandez four times on that day.

Ultimately, Randy Shannon, a Hurricanes assistant under Coker, was named head
coach.

___ (c)2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110823-TP-BRF-Florida-paper-discovers-Nutt-Shapiro-call-from-O6-no-
wrongdoing-suggested-0823-20110823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

ETA Urges ISOs To Self-Regulate

BYLINE: Ed McKinley

SECTION: ISO - INDUSTRY NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 775  words


LOMBARD, Ill.-The Justice Department's Operation Choke Point isn't really about
combatting fraud, says Jason Oxman, CEO of the Electronic Transactions
Association. Federal regulators simply don't like high-risk merchants, such as
payday lenders and guns dealers, he says.

To crack down on that type of retailer, the DOJ and other federal agencies are
increasing their regulatory scrutiny of the payment companies that handle their
electronic transactions, Oxman said here last week during a "Sound Off" session
at the Midwest Acquirers Association 12th Annual Conference.

"This campaign is about targeting categories of merchants by intimidating the
payments industry into cutting off service to those merchant categories," he
said.

Instead, the government should work with the acquiring industry to limit
wrong-doing, Oxman maintained.

"We want to be a partner-not a target," he said of the acquiring industry's
attitude toward merchants that commit fraud.

Some 50 members of the industry have received subpoenas to appear before federal
officials to testify on fraud, noted another session speaker, Deana Rich,
president of the Los Angeles-based Rich Consulting.

"We are being looked at closer than ever before," Rich maintained.

The results of Choke Point and the efforts of ETA members support the contention
that fraud isn't the real target of the federal campaign, Oxman said.

With Operation Chokepoint, the DOJ has ferreted out two retailers now accused of
bilking customers, he said.

Meanwhile, ETA members terminated the accounts of 10,000 questionable merchants
last year, according to an association survey, Oxman said. The study did not
take into account the other merchants that were denied accounts in the first
place through association members' due diligence. Â

Even without federal regulatory supervision, the independent sales organizations
and transaction processors that belong to the association want to limit their
liability for fraud by discontinuing their relationships with merchants guilty
of wrong-doing, Oxman told session attendees.

As Oxman spoke, the ETA's lobbyist, Scott Talbott, was attempting to drive home
those points during testimony before Congress.

Making that case to the government while working on self-regulation could help
the industry avoid federal regulation, Rich maintained at the MWAA session.

She's led the ETA's effort to produce a 100-page set of guidelines to help small
and medium-sized ISOs detect wrong-doing by merchants. Large organizations often
employ risk specialists to monitor merchants.

Typical indictors of merchant fraud include excessive chargebacks or returns,
Rich noted. If acquirers terminate the merchant contracts in those
situations-without raising rates or increasing reserves-then they can present a
good case for self-regulation, she suggested.

Still, the subtleties of discovering fraud among merchants can challenge the
experts. Some of the 50 people from 44 ETA member-companies who worked on the
guidelines said they were learning as they proceeded, she said.

She called upon ISOs, banks and processors to make sure the other companies they
work with to make transactions are going a good job of monitoring merchants.
Processors, for example, could help ISOs fix risk problems.

Another aid to self-policing could take the form of a listing of miscreant
merchants and sales agents, suggested a member of the session audience, John C.
Mayleben, senior vice president of technology and new product development for
the Michigan Retailers Association.

He said that perhaps 500 merchants accounted for many of the 10,000 terminations
reported by ETA members.

One of the goals of self-regulation is to free ISOs to accept accounts from
merchants that fall into categories the federal government regards as high-risk.
Many have been denying contracts to such merchants in recent months and have
suffered a "very significant" financial setback, according to session attendees.

The attention to payment security is coming at an opportune time, speakers and
attendees agreed. Public awareness of data breaches has increased after data
breaches at Target and other major retailers during the 2013 holiday season.

The sharper focus on security is helping to advance the cause

But many retailers aren't aware of their obligations to report breaches, said
another session speaker, Holli Targan, an attorney and partner at Jaffe Rait
Heuer & Weiss PC.

Forty-seven states have differing requirements for when and how retailers are to
notify consumers, companies and government agencies, Targan said.

That's why the ETA is lobbying for a single national law governing notifications
after breaches, Oxman said.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

Tim Floyd cleared in NCAA investigation

BYLINE: By Bill Knight \ El Paso Times

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 564 words


EL PASO -- UTEP basketball coach Tim Floyd was cleared by the NCAA on Thursday
of any wrongdoing during his tenure at USC.

Floyd was part of a firestorm surrounding the USC athletic department that drew
NCAA investigations on its football, men's basketball and women's tennis
programs. Floyd, who was on his way back to El Paso from Los Angeles on
Thursday, had no comment, but he has maintained his innocence throughout the
process.

Floyd's attorney, El Pasoan Jim Darnell, released a statement, saying, "As you
are all aware by now, the National Collegiate Athletic Association issued its
report today regarding the University of Southern California athletic program.
What you have not seen is the cover letter from the NCAA to Coach Floyd, which
states:

'The Committee did not name you in any findings of violations or impose a
penalty upon you.'"

Darnell went on to say, "As Coach (Floyd) has wanted to say publicly for a long
time: 'It didn't happen.' We are pleased at this outcome, but certainly not
surprised. The committee did its work and reached the right conclusion. Neither
Coach (Floyd) nor any of his assistants was found to have violated any of the
NCAA rules at play in this case."

The USC athletic department admitted to wrongdoing last January in events
dealing with former Trojan star O.J. Mayo. USC self-imposed several sanctions on
its basketball program -- a one-year ban on postseason participation, reduction
of scholarships from 13 to 12 and vacating all wins from the 2007-08 season. USC
went 21-12 and lost in the first round of the NCAA tournament that season.

The NCAA added nothing to those self-imposed sanctions.

That was a point of contention between Floyd and the USC athletic department. He
said they were not supporting his program and said all along he and his staff
had done nothing wrong.

The NCAA came down hard on the USC football program, putting the Trojans on a
two-year ban from post season play, putting them on four years of probation,
taking away 30 scholarships and taking away wins during the period from December
2004 through the 2005 season, a period in which they went 14-1 and won the BCS
national championship. The football issues stemmed from accusations that Reggie
Bush and his family received illegal payments.

Floyd, the former UTEP assistant under Don Haskins from 1978 to 1986, was hired
in March as the Miners' new head coach after Tony Barbee left to take the head
basketball coach position at Auburn.

"We are pleased with today's announcement and the results of the NCAA's report,"
UTEP athletic director Bob Stull said Thursday in a prepared statement. "Tim
Floyd has had a nearly 30-year relationship with UTEP and we regard him not only
as an outstanding coach, but as an individual of the highest character. I'm sure
that Tim is happy to put this behind him and we look forward to him leading our
basketball program."

Floyd was the head coach at USC for four seasons, going 17-12 in 2005-06, 25-12
and to the Sweet 16 in 2006-07, 21-12 in that 2007-08 season and 23-13 in
2008-09. He took the Trojans to the NCAA tournament in each of his final three
seasons.

Floyd has said that he might have comments on the findings at a later date.

Darnell said, "This was a good day. Absolutely, we are happy. You never know,
but they (the NCAA) listened and they got it right."

Bill Knight may be reached at bknight@elpasotimes.com; 546-6171.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - This Oct. 16, 2004, file photo shows Southern Cal's Reggie Bush
celebrating after scoring a touchdown against Arizona State during the first
quarter of their PAC 10 football game, at the Coliseum in Los Angeles. The NCAA
is ready to rule Thursday, June 10, 2010, after its four-year investigation of
Southern California's football team. The penalties are expected to stem
primarily from allegations of improper benefits given Heisman Trophy winner
Reggie Bush.
FILE - This Feb. 17, 2008, file photo shows Southern Cal's O.J. Mayo looking
towards the bench during a college basketball game against UCLA, in Los Angeles.
Southern California has received a two-year bowl ban and a sharp loss of
football scholarships in a report on the NCAA's four-year investigation of the
school. The NCAA cited USC for a lack of institutional control Thursday, June
10, 2010, in its long-awaited report, which detailed numerous violations
primarily involving Heisman Trophy-winning tailback Reggie Bush and men's
basketball player O.J. Mayo.
Southern California has received a two-year bowl ban and a sharp loss of
football scholarships in a report on the NCAA's four-year investigation of the
school. The NCAA cited USC for a lack of institutional control Thursday, June
10, 2010, in its long-awaited report, which detailed numerous violations
primarily involving Heisman Trophy-winning tailback Reggie Bush and men's
basketball player O.J. Mayo.
Southern California has received a two-year bowl ban and a sharp loss of
football scholarships in a report on the NCAA's four-year investigation of the
school. The NCAA cited USC for a lack of institutional control Thursday, June
10, 2010, in its long-awaited report, which detailed numerous violations
primarily involving Heisman Trophy-winning tailback Reggie Bush and men's
basketball player O.J. Mayo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 28, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

WorldCom, Ex-Officers Charged in Oklahoma;
U.S. Prosecutors Say Move Could Hurt Federal Case

BYLINE: Christopher Stern and Brooke A. Masters, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1177 words


Oklahoma Attorney General W.A. Drew Edmondson filed criminal charges yesterday
against WorldCom Inc. and six former executives, including founder Bernard J.
Ebbers, a move that drew sharp criticism from federal prosecutors who have been
investigating the company and its executives for more than a year.

The 15-count complaint charges Ebbers and five other WorldCom officials with
misleading investors and violating state security laws in connection with the
company's massive $ 11 billion accounting fraud. The charges brought yesterday
offer little new insight into the wrongdoing and appear to largely rely on
information turned up by other investigations.

Federal prosecutors have not charged Ebbers. In the filing made yesterday in the
District Court of Oklahoma County, Ebbers is mentioned collectively with the
other defendants and there is no discussion of specific new evidence tying him
to the company's efforts to mislead investors about its true financial picture.

"It is not apparent from the charging document, which contains no specific
allegations of wrongdoing by Bernard Ebbers, what the local Oklahoma authorities
think they have uncovered that the federal authorities have overlooked," Ebbers
attorney Reid H. Weingarten said in a statement.

In addition to charging Ebbers and WorldCom as a corporate entity, Oklahoma
prosecutors also charged former chief financial officer Scott D. Sullivan,
former controller David F. Myers, former director of general accounting Buford
Yates Jr. and former accounting department officials Betty L. Vinson and Troy M.
Normand.

Myers, Yates, Vinson and Normand have all pleaded guilty to federal fraud
charges and are awaiting sentencing. Sullivan has pleaded not guilty and is
preparing for trial.

The office of the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York issued a
statement yesterday noting that it was "disappointed" that Edmondson failed to
consult with federal prosecutors before filing charges against WorldCom, Ebbers
and the other executives.

"We are hopeful Oklahoma's action will not interfere with the prosecution of the
five individuals already charged, four of whom have pled guilty and are awaiting
sentencing in the Southern District of New York or with this Office's ongoing
investigation into WorldCom."

The Securities and Exchange Commission issued a similar statement expressing
disappointment that the case was going forward prior to federal action. WorldCom
has already reached a $ 750 million settlement with the SEC to resolve that
agency's civil fraud charges against the company.

Edmondson said he warned federal prosecutors that he was launching his own
investigation into WorldCom last May. At the time, he said he asked for a
contact person in the U.S. attorney's office. "I never got a reply," Edmondson
said in an interview.

Several legal analysts said the Oklahoma indictment of Ebbers appears to be very
weak and could be dismissed by a judge unless Edmondson has new evidence to
offer.

Edmondson declined to discuss his case against the defendants, but did say that
court transcripts of their guilty pleas will serve as key pieces of evidence.
None of the defendants has been interviewed by Oklahoma investigators, Edmondson
said.

Edmondson said he has discussed WorldCom-related matters with at least one of
the long distance company's rivals -- SBC Communications, the dominant local
phone company in Oklahoma. Those conversations took place in May, he said, about
the same time that he launched the investigation into the company and its former
executives.

Asked if his discussions with the WorldCom rival influenced his decision to
charge the company, Edmondson replied: "They had no role in the formulation of
these charges and the decision to file them."

Myers, Yates, Vinson and Normand pleaded guilty to participating in a three-year
scheme to make WorldCom appear profitable during a period when it actually lost
money. Federal prosecutors charged the executives with orchestrating an effort
to claim billions of dollars in regular expenses such as leasing lines from
local telephone companies as capital investments. The accounting gimmick was
uncovered in June of last year, less than two months after Ebbers was forced to
leave the company. Ebbers resigned in April of 2002 after company board members
began to grow uncomfortable with his leadership at a time when he had borrowed $
400 million from WorldCom to cover his personal stock losses.

WorldCom filed for bankruptcy in July of last year.

Edmondson said the targets of his charges have until the end of the week to
contact his office about making arrangements for appearing in Oklahoma to be
formally charged.

"If they, by the end of the week, they have not made those arrangements, they
will be issued arrest warrants, they will be located and arrested and if
necessary, they will be extradited," Edmondson said.

WorldCom said it would cooperate with the Oklahoma attorney general. "[W]e do
not believe this action will impact the bankruptcy process," said WorldCom
General Counsel Stasia Kelly, who added that the company remains on track to
emerge from bankruptcy later this fall under the name of its long-distance
subsidiary, MCI.

Former SEC lawyer Gregory S. Bruch, now a defense attorney with Foley & Lardner,
said the Oklahoma case could cause serious problems for the federal prosecutors
who are still trying to build their own case against WorldCom and Ebbers.

"They're separate cases under separate laws [but] if evidence is put on in a
half-baked way" and a judge makes a ruling about its admissibility, "the
decision in one court could nonetheless be binding on another," Bruch said.

The indictment also gives Ebbers new rights to seek documents and information
about the evidence against him, at least in Oklahoma, Bruch said. Someone under
indictment also has the right under the Constitution to see any evidence that
might clear his name.

That means if federal officials choose to give their information to Oklahoma, at
least some of it could wind up in the hands of Ebbers's lawyers, creating a
disincentive for federal prosecutors to cooperate, outside lawyers said.

Unlike New York, where the Martin Act has given state officials additional
weapons against securities fraud, Oklahoma's laws generally follow the federal
model, according to New York Law School professor Jeffrey Haas.

Edmondson declined to comment on any differences between Oklahoma laws and
federal laws that could potentially make it easier to prosecute the company and
the defendants locally.

"I've never been a U.S. attorney and I've never filed charges under U.S.
security law so I can't answer that," Edmondson said.

Federal sources have said that building a case against Ebbers has been very
difficult because it would need to prove that he not only knew that WorldCom was
treating line costs as capital expenses but also that he knew doing so was
wrong. Finding direct evidence -- if it exists -- has been difficult. Ebbers
rarely used e-mail and no WorldCom employees have publicly implicated him.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

WASHINGTON:Bipartisan Group of Senators Launches Whistleblower Protection Caucus

LENGTH: 625  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary has issued the following press release:

[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, a bipartisan group of senators today launched the Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative
issues affecting the treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse
for current information on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.
It will also coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need
of assistance in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation
allegations.

The founding members of the Whistleblower protection Caucus are senators Chuck
Grassley of Iowa (chairman), Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice-chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation. Some of them have already been
targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the environment for
whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step forward when they
encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip our Senate
colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who play a vital
role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct," Grassley said.

"Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant. That's been true for a long time and there
is no better proof than whistleblowers who shine a light where others have not.
Sadly, instead of being rewarded for speaking out, whistleblowers often face
retaliation and serious career threats for doing what's right, what's necessary
and for exposing practices that waste tax dollars and even risk public safety.
We are all better off when whistleblowers can step forward without fear. That's
what this Caucus is designed to foster and it's why I'm pleased to join Sen.
Grassley and my colleagues in this effort," Wyden said.

"As the author of the Military Whistleblower Protection Act, I am proud to join
Senators Grassley and Wyden as a founding member of the bipartisan Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. I look forward to continuing to build on past efforts to
protect whistleblowers from harassment and retaliation," Boxer said.

"The size and scope of the federal government have grown far beyond the ability
of Congress to provide oversight on its own. Whistleblowers who courageously
expose waste, fraud and abuse are performing an incredibly important service to
their fellow citizens. They deserve all the protection from retaliation that
Congress can provide," Johnson said.

"Too often whistleblowers who simply tell the truth end up risking their jobs,
or in terrible circumstances, even their own well-being to shine a light on
possible safety or security violations. We must do everything we can to ensure
whistleblowers are protected and are not subjected to harassment or retaliation
for serving as modern-day Paul Reveres. I thank Senators Grassley and Wyden for
their leadership convening this caucus and look forward to working with my
colleagues to support whistleblowers who come forward when issues arise," Markey
said.

"I look forward to working with my colleagues on initiatives that preserve the
liberties of individuals who bring professional and ethical misconduct to light
- moral courage that can  oftentimes come at great personal cost," Tillis said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 18, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Reagan Reasserts 'Privilege' Claim On EPA Papers

BYLINE: By David Hoffman and Dale Russakoff, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1357 words


President Reagan yesterday backed away from his statement that he would provide
disputed Environmental Protection Agency documents to Congress because of
allegations of "wrongdoing" at the agency, and instead reasserted his claim to
executive privilege over the records.

The turnabout came after Reagan said at his nationally televised news conference
Wednesday night that, "I can no longer insist on executive privilege if there's
a suspicion in the minds of the people that maybe it is being used to cover some
wrongdoing."

White House spokesman Larry Speakes insisted yesterday that Reagan has not
abandoned the executive privilege claim. He corrected Reagan's suggestion that
he would offer directly to Congress documents involving possible wrongdoing by
EPA officials.

Instead, Speakes said, the records will be submitted first to the Justice
Department, which will then decide "whether it is necessary" to make them
available for congressional review.

Reagan met for 15 minutes in the Oval Office yesterday with embattled EPA
Administrator Anne M. Gorsuch, but White House officials ordered that no details
of the meeting be revealed.

At the same time, Rita M. Lavelle, ousted chief of the hazardous waste cleanup
program, did not honor a subpoena to appear before a House subcommittee
investigating charges of conflicts of interest and political favoritism in the
operation of her program, one of six Hill investigations of EPA.

Lavelle may have violated agency regulations by allowing executives of chemical
companies to pay for frequent meals at some of Washington's most expensive
restaurants, according to an EPA official.  Details on Page A2.

These developments occurred as the administration remained locked in
negotiations over congressional efforts to review the disputed documents on the
agency's $1.6 billion hazardous waste cleanup program.

Talks are expected to continue today between the White House and Rep. Elliott H.
Levitas (D-Ga.), chairman of a subcommittee investigating the agency.

Assistant Attorney General Carol Dinkins, head of the Justice Department's Land
and Natural Resources Division, delivered two tape recordings of EPA hazardous
waste meetings to Levitas on Wednesday.

Aides to Levitas said they had not yet listened to the tapes, but were told they
were made during a session on EPA enforcement strategies for cleaning up the
Stringfellow Acid Pits, one of the most dangerous chemical dumps in the nation,
near Riverside, Calif. Levitas said he did not know of the existence of the
tapes until Dinkins gave them to him unsolicited and that the administration was
concerned that they not be made public though a leak.

"Tapes would be a throwback to another era," he said, referring to the White
House recordings of President Nixon during the Watergate scandal.

On the executive privilege claim, Speakes spent a half-hour yesterday attempting
to clarify to reporters the president's remarks on the EPA documents at his news
conference.

Reagan had delivered a long answer on the controversy, suggesting strongly that
he was willing to give up his claim to executive privilege over the EPA
documents.

"But now with this thing that has come up suggesting that there might be
wrongdoing, we will never invoke executive privilege to cover up wrongdoing,"
Reagan said.

But Speakes said the administration policy was not as Reagan had described it.

First, he said Reagan had no intention of relaxing his claim to executive
privilege over the documents.

Speakes said that administration officials are talking with Levitas about an
arrangement that would allow the White House to claim executive privilege while
working out a device that satisfies members of Congress who want to see the
documents. Speakes said the administration wants to "protect" the principles
laid down by both sides.  Speakes acknowledged that Reagan had not left this
impression at his news conference. But he added, "This is what's going on
today."

Secondly, Speakes said the administration is not prepared to directly furnish to
Congress EPA documents if there is a "suspicion" of wrongdoing, as the president
had said.

Rather, the documents will "promptly" be referred to the Justice Department if
there is "evidence" of wrongdoing, Speakes said.

He said that administration officials who are reviewing the documents have so
far not discovered any evidence of wrongdoing in them.

But six congressional panels are investigating charges of conflict of interest
and political favoritism in the agency's hazardous waste cleanup program, and
members claim that the documents could contain key evidence to prove or disprove
those allegations.

Speakes yesterday brushed aside suggestions from reporters that Reagan had
changed his position on executive privilege.

The administration policy "did not change before he made his statement, it did
not change when he made his statement, it did not change after he made his
statement," Speakes said.

The Gorsuch trip to the White House yesterday was shrouded in unusual secrecy.

Speakes said in addition to the meeting with Reagan, she met separately with
White House chief of staff James A. Baker III, counselor Edwin Meese III,
counsel Fred F. Fielding, and presidential aide Craig Fuller.

Reagan's remarks at his news conference led Levitas and other House members
seeking the documents to believe that an end to the constitutional confrontation
was near. But after Speakes corrected Reagan's remarks, it became clear that the
standoff was unresolved.

Levitas and other chairmen of subcommittees investigating the EPA, including
Rep. James J. Florio (D-N.J.) and James H. Scheuer (D-N.Y.), said Reagan used
inaccurate statistics in describing the agency's "splendid" record and
activities over the last two years.

Reagan said "less than 100" hazardous waste documents had been withheld from
House subcommittees, but EPA officials have said the number is probably in the
thousands. Administration officials have said they are still compiling files of
papers to be withheld, although they have so far listed only 70 in an inventory
supplied to Reagan.

Reagan said the EPA had arranged 23 settlements in cases against the dumpers of
hazardous wastes, but agency officials said they knew of only two.

Speakes, asked for details of the Justice Department investigation that Reagan
announced Wednesday night, said the probe would focus on charges of conflict of
interest by EPA officials and the shredding of documents that had been
subpoenaed by Congress. The Justice Department would not comment on any aspect
of the investigation. A senior official said before the news conference that the
department entered the EPA affair "with great reluctance."

House members have called on U.S. Attorney Stanley S. Harris to investigate the
shredding and other disclosures of EPA activities in the wake of Lavelle's
firing. Harris said yesterday that he would defer to the Justice Department
inquiry.

"The bureau FBI is working on it, and if they come up with anything, they'll
bring it to us," Harris said.

Rep. John D. Dingell (D-Mich.), chairman of the House Energy and Commerce
Committee and the oversight and investigations subcommittee that subpoenaed
Lavelle, said yesterday after she failed to appear that he would consider
bringing contempt-of-Congress charges against her. Aides to Dingell said they
will attempt to serve another subpoena on Lavelle or her lawyer today.

"The patience of the committee is wearing somewhat thin," Dingell said. "We will
not tolerate acts which frustrate the will of the Congress."

"She can't get away with that," one of the aides said. The subpoena was served
Wednesday on Lavelle's lawyer, James A. Bierbower, who has said he plans to make
her available to all congressional panels seeking to interview her.

Gorsuch delivered more of Lavelle's calendars, telephone logs and personal
papers to Dingell's subcommittee. The materials were subpoenaed, along with 36
current and former EPA employes, for an investigation on charges of corruption
and political favoritism involving the Stringfellow Acid Pits cleanup strategy.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Pictures 1 and 2, House subcommittee subpoena Lavelle did not honor,
and Chairman Dingell, who signed it. He is flanked by Reps. Scheuer and Jim
Bates (D-Calif.) with the panel's counsel, Michael F. Barrett.  AP; James K.W.
Atherton -- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

EPISD board: More excuses for failures

BYLINE: El Paso Times Editorial Board

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 634 words


El Paso Independent School District board members will make another attempt
today to excuse their deficiencies despite failing spectacularly in their roles.

A Texas Education Agency official in Austin will hear EPISD's appeal of
Education Commissioner Michael Williams' December decision to remove the school
board and replace it with an appointed board of managers for up to two years. A
decision is expected by the end of the month.

In their argument summary provided ahead of the hearing, EPISD officials make
the same tired argument that has caused the public to lose confidence in the
board and administration: The district's failings -- from perhaps the worst
cheating scandal in the nation's history, to the inability to uncover the scheme
and remove the worst offenders -- are the fault of everyone except the people
who were supposed to be running the district.

In its argument, EPISD assigns the lion's share of blame to TEA.

There is no question that the TEA in 2010 failed in its oversight role when it
twice cleared EPISD of allegations that then-Superintendent Lorenzo Garcca was
leading a scheme to game the accountability system. The evidence of cheating was
readily available, but the TEA made no serious attempt to investigate.

But TEA's failings do not excuse the failings of the school- board members, who
did nothing for months despite clear warning signs. And the agency's prior
failings, under different leadership, cannot be an excuse for inactivity now.

The district's argument summary also conveniently ignores evidence of how badly
community trust of the board has eroded.

EPISD said it appointed a task force chaired by Jimmy Vasquez, executive
director of Region 19 Education Service Center, to make improvement
recommendations to the board, "and the board has addressed most of them."

The district does not say that in November, Vasquez angrily rebuked the board
for failing to take responsibility for its failures. Not only does EPISD fail to
include Vasquez's complaint, but its entire argument revives the contention he
found so distasteful -- that the board had no way of uncovering Garcca's
wrongdoing.

To bolster this argument, EPISD repeats The Big Lie that board members have
repeated for months: "The wrongdoing by the former superintendent was not easily
discoverable."

The district's internal auditor, Joe Yanez, discovered the evidence of
wrongdoing in the summer of 2010. One of the board's duties specifically
outlined in state law is to oversee the internal auditor, but this board had
failed to do that, allowing Garcca to direct the auditor and cover up findings
of widespread transcript tampering at Bowie High School.

Garcca could not have carried out his scheme if it had not been for an
inattentive and negligent school board. The board's refusal to accept
responsibility for that failure led the governing board of the Greater El Paso
Chamber of Commerce to issue a vote of no confidence in the school board last
month and request that the board drop efforts to appeal Williams' decision.

EPISD also argues that there's no need to assign a board of managers because of
elections this spring for four of the seven board positions.

However, the district once again omits important information. Three of the
longest-serving board members, with the greatest culpability for the district's
failings, would continue serving after the election and would be a tremendous
obstacle to efforts to get EPISD on a better track. Those three members are
current board President Isela Castacon-Williams and former presidents David
Dodge and Patricia Hughes.

EPISD has floundered for too long under the district's current leadership. The
board of managers offers the best hope for a new direction.

We urge Holland Timmins, the TEA official hearing the appeal, to uphold
Williams' decision.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Robinho questioned over sex assault allegation

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 311 words


BRITAIN'S most expensive footballer Robinho returned to training yesterday after
being questioned by detectives over an alleged serious sexual assault on a young
woman.

The Manchester City forward issued a statement denying any "wrongdoing or
criminality" after he was arrested by police investigating the alleged incident
in a Leeds nightclub earlier this month.

West Yorkshire Police began an investigation after a student claimed that she
had been attacked at The Space club in the early hours of January 14.

The small venue is in the heart of Leeds' city centre night life and is popular
with students.

The force said detectives arrested a man. He was later released on bail.

A statement posted on the Brazilian international's official website said:
"Robinho denies any allegation of wrongdoing or criminality and is happy to
co-operate with the police."

In the statement, Robinho's spokesman Chris Nathaniel said: "We can confirm that
Robinho met the police today Tuesday, as pre-arranged and as part of a criminal
investigation.

"He strenuously denies any allegation of wrongdoing or criminality and is happy
to co-operate with the police if required further."

Robinho, whose full name is Robson de Souza, was training with his teammates
yesterday at City's Carrington training ground.

The team faced Newcastle United last night in a Premier League clash at the City
of Manchester Stadium.

The 25-year-old joined Manchester City from Real Madrid in September for pounds
32.5m - the biggest transfer deal in British history.

The move followed the pounds 210m takeover of the club by Sheikh Mansour in
September.

Earlier this month the star left the team's training camp in Tenerife for
Brazil, citing an "important family matter".

He returned to Manchester on Sunday for training the next day.

The club has not so far commented on Robinho's arrest.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                          December 15, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Man denies Kmart fraud: Exec acted in chain's interest: Lawyer

BYLINE: Anne Jarvis, Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 456  words


William Mayville, the former Kmart executive alleged to have defrauded the
retailer of millions of dollars, "vigorously denies" any wrongdoing, his lawyer
said Tuesday.

"Mr. Mayville vigorously denies any of the wrongdoing alleged by Kmart in this
lawsuit, and he is anxious to have the truth regarding these allegations made
known in the course of this litigation," said Mayville's lawyer, Matthew Lund of
Detroit. "He at all times operated in Kmart's interest and absolutely denies any
of the self-dealing that is implied in Kmart's lawsuit."

Mayville, who lives in LaSalle, is one of three Windsor area men named in the
lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Flint, Mich. Also named are Windsor
restaurateur Andrew Facca and Fabio Cesca, former longtime manager of the
Windsor branch of the Business Development Bank of Canada.

Facca, co-owner of the new restaurant Dirty Jerseys and the Treehouse Bar, and
Cesca have also denied the allegations.

Lund would not say why Mayville, former Kmart divisional vice-president for
purchasing who was also responsible for ensuring compliance with company policy,
left the retailer or what he is doing now.

"I'm not going to handle any questions right now," he said.

Mayville remains in LaSalle, according to his neighbours on Maple Avenue. He has
not returned repeated calls to his home or answered his door. He is working
part-time, one neighbour said.

Lawyers for Mayville and Facca appeared in court Tuesday to request a
postponement in the hearing on an order freezing the assets of Areeva Inc., a
company owned by Facca and also named as a defendant in the lawsuit. A federal
judge signed a temporary restraining order last week freezing the assets. The
hearing has been rescheduled for next Wednesday.

The lawsuit alleges that Mayville hired Areeva in early 2002 to liquidate
equipment and merchandise from hundreds of Kmart stores, distribution centres
and storage areas after the retailer declared bankruptcy.

ITEMS LIQUIDATED

The lawsuit alleges the defendants misled Kmart about what they sold and how
much money they received and that they laundered some of the profits through
recycling companies.

According to the lawsuit, Mayville was in charge of initiating and implementing
a system for tracking employee compliance with Kmart policy. He was also on the
contract review committee which reviewed contracts and procedures in obtaining
contracts involving more than $1 million.

He once terminated an employee for not following policy by failing to obtain
relevant signatures.

Both Mayville and Facca obstructed Kmart's investigation of the liquidation,
according to the lawsuit. Mayville allegedly repeatedly refused to meet with
investigators or answer questions and focused on unrelated issues.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 8, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Officer's Conduct in Videotaped Arrest Probed;
Pr. George's Suspends Veteran, Investigates Possible Criminal Wrongdoing

BYLINE: Ruben Castaneda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 616 words


Authorities are investigating an incident in which a Prince George's County
police officer, on videotape, appeared to kick a carjacking suspect, swing at
him repeatedly with a metal baton and knee him in the groin after the suspect
was handcuffed, according to a law enforcement source familiar with the case.

The daylight encounter was recorded by a video camera mounted in the officer's
police cruiser, according to the source, who viewed the tape and spoke on the
condition of anonymity.

The officer, Brian K. Addis, a six-year member of the force, was suspended with
pay last week. The department said in a statement that Addis was being
investigated for possible criminal wrongdoing but it declined to provide
details.

Addis's attorney, Steven E. Sunday, did not return telephone messages yesterday
seeking a comment on the investigation. But a spokesman for Addis said that the
officer did nothing wrong.

"We believe everything the officer did was appropriate," said the spokesman,
William L. Hennessy, a relative of Addis's and a lawyer in Charles County.
Hennessy said he has not viewed the videotape. But he said that Addis has told
him the suspect was not completely cooperative as he was being arrested.
Hennessy also said that a county police sergeant who was at the scene of the
incident reviewed the videotape with Addis and found no wrongdoing by the
officer.

State's Attorney Glenn F. Ivey said he discussed the case yesterday with police
investigators. "We reviewed some of the evidence,"  he said. "The evidence I've
seen so far raised some very serious concerns."

The incident occurred Oct. 5 when Addis and other officers engaged in a
high-speed chase of Vernon S. Bullock, 21, who allegedly had stolen a minivan at
gunpoint in the Beltsville area, according to a police affidavit filed in court.

The 10-minute chase ended shortly after 11 a.m., when the suspect attempted to
exit the Baltimore-Washington Parkway and crashed into a road barrier. Police
said they found a handgun and the victim's wallet in the vehicle.

The camera mounted in Addis's police car recorded Bullock stepping out of the
minivan, appearing dazed, and stumbling to the ground, according to the source.
He said Addis ran toward Bullock. He said Addis appeared to kick Bullock three
or four times in the torso and swing at the suspect's shoulder with his
police-issue metal baton.

Three other officers arrived and handcuffed Bullock, who did not appear to
resist on the videotape, according to the source. He said that after Bullock was
handcuffed and while he was sitting on the shoulder of the road, Addis appeared
to lean down and knee him in the groin, then swing his baton toward the
suspect's shoulder or head. It is unclear whether the baton connected.

The incident is the latest in a series of alleged acts of misconduct by county
police that has put the department under an extraordinary level of scrutiny in
recent years.

The Justice Department is conducting a long-running probe into whether the
department has engaged in a pattern of civil rights violations. A separate
Justice Department investigation is probing whether the department's canine unit
has engaged in a pattern of excessive force. Since 2000, the county has paid
nearly $10 million in civil jury awards and settlements to plaintiffs who
alleged they were mistreated by county police.

In an interview Tuesday at Prince George's Correctional Center, Bullock said he
did not try to run or fight. "They said to lie down or they'd release the dog,"
said Bullock, who is charged with armed carjacking, robbery and eight other
crimes. "I lied down on the ground. [The officer] started kicking me. . . .
After that, I blacked out."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 14, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

Top Legal Officer at RTC Quits;
Internal Probe Clears Jacobs of Wrongdoing

Susan Schmidt, Jerry Knight, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 748 words


The top attorney for the government's savings and loan cleanup agency resigned
yesterday after an internal investigation cleared him of wrongdoing in his
dealings with a failed Arizona savings and loan.

Gerald L. Jacobs, general counsel for the Resolution Trust Corp., said he was
quitting despite the clean bill of health "so our attention is not diverted from
substantive legal matters," said RTC President Albert V. Casey.

Casey said an internal investigation by the RTC's Office of Inspector General
found that allegations questioning the propriety of Jacobs's dealings with
Western Savings and Loan of Phoenix were "baseless." Before he joined the RTC,
Jacobs represented an Arizona real estate firm whose dealings with Western are
cited in a $ 1.3 billion fraud and racketeering lawsuit against Western
executives.

The inspector general's report, however, said another government agency, the
Office of Thrift Supervision, is "actively investigating" Western's business
dealings with the Arizona firm, Dicor Inc., and if "OTS finds any violation of
banking requirements or other improprieties," the RTC's internal investigation
of Jacobs will be reopened.

Jacobs's resignation was announced only 48 hours after three of his subordinates
told a Senate committee they believe efforts to pursue wrongdoing in failed S&Ls
are being undercut by top officials in the legal department because of political
considerations.

The General Accounting Office also told the Senate Banking Committee it has
found that disarray in the legal division is jeopardizing lawsuits to recover
hundreds of millions of dollars in damages from officers, directors, lawyers and
others who allegedly caused losses at failed thrifts.

Casey's statement praised Jacobs's two-year tenure as top lawyer for the agency
but noted that he had recused himself from dealing with a number of major agency
cases because of his past dealings as a lawyer, saying "Jerry feels that ...
remaining at the RTC will produce continued adverse comment."

In the memorandum to Casey, the RTC inspector general, John J. Adair, said his
office had launched an investigation because of allegations that Jacobs "may
have interfered with the filing of a lawsuit" involving Western, that he was
counsel to Dicor and that he may have caused losses to Western in connection
with a loan on a town house he had owned.

In each case, the report found Jacobs blameless. It said it had found "no
information" showing Jacobs was involved with the Western lawsuit and noted his
recusal from the case.

The inspector general's report said Jacobs did represent Dicor and that "Jacobs
indicated to us that as a real estate attorney during the 1980s he had
represented several clients, some of whom may have caused losses to RTC
financial institutions when the Arizona real estate market went into a
downturn."

It said, however, that it found no information that Jacobs had done anything
improper while representing Dicor.

In the case of the loan, on which Jacobs, his wife and a third party defaulted,
the agency said the loss to Western was $ 18,435 and that Jacobs had reported
the default to ethics officials before taking a government job and had offered
to repay. The report said the offer was declined because Western had taken back
control of the property.

In its investigation, OTS has subpoenaed legal bills and correspondence between
Jacobs's law firm and Dicor, sources familiar with the investigation said. Loan
transactions between the development company and Western are also being
investigated by the FBI, the sources said, as well as by the GAO's Office of
Special Investigations.

Before coming to the RTC, Jacobs was a successful real estate lawyer in Phoenix,
where his largest clients included Dicor and its parent firm, LTG Investments
Inc. The firms, which developed luxury homes, were major borrowers from Western.
They defaulted on $ 47 million in loans to the thrift, which eventually failed
at a cost to the taxpayers of more than $ 1 billion.

It was a Phoenix connection that brought Jacobs to the RTC in 1990, when he was
hired by his former law partner, Alfred Byrne, who was the White House's choice
for the general counsel's post at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

In Phoenix, Jacobs's clients also included Southwest Savings and Loan, where his
friend, Arizona Gov. J. Fife Symington, has been a director, and some of the
biggest borrowers of Charles Keating's Lincoln Savings and Loan Association.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 12, 2004 Wednesday

Knox, appraiser deny wrongdoing;
Real estate officials hold hearings about 33 business deals

BYLINE: LISA KERNEK STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 750 words


A Decatur businessman and a Belleville appraiser have denied wrongdoing in 33
real estate deals that were the subject of preliminary hearings Tuesday before
Illinois Office of Banks and Real Estate officials.

The businessman, Gary Knox, and the appraiser, Dennis Wiese Jr., denied
wrongdoing in written responses filed May 4 with state officials, and Knox
requested dismissal of the complaint against him. Knox, who is representing
himself, appeared Tuesday before the Real Estate Administration and Disciplinary
Board in Chicago for a preliminary hearing. Wiese and his lawyer were to appear
before the Illinois Real Estate Appraisal Board, also in Chicago.

The Illinois Office of Banks and Real Estate announced last month it wants to
fine Knox, 58, up to $825,000 for unlicensed real estate activity. The complaint
accuses Knox of acting as a real estate agent without a license.

The OBRE is seeking fines against Knox of up to $25,000 on each of 33 offenses,
or a maximum $825,000.

The OBRE also is seeking to discipline Wiese, who worked closely with Knox. The
state agency alleges that Wiese falsified appraisals, and his appraisal license
could be disciplined by reprimand, suspension or revocation.

The investigation was triggered by a complaint filed by real estate investors
Bruce and Kathy Mindrup of Jerseyville. The Mindrups bought more than 20 rental
properties in Decatur, Belleville and Peoria from Knox.

The preliminary hearings were the first step in a lengthy process, said Clare
Thorpe, spokeswoman for the OBRE.

Later, formal hearings will be scheduled. After that, each of the boards will
recommend penalties - possibly fines in the case of Knox, and fines and action
against his license in the case of Wiese. The commissioner of Banks and Real
Estate must approve the recommendations.

Knox and Wiese then have 20 days to either accept the penalties or ask for a new
hearing before the respective boards.

Knox was the subject of a State Journal-Register investigation published last
month. Though the state probe focused on 33 transactions in Decatur, Knox also
sold real estate in Springfield.

On Monday, a Macon County judge ruled in favor of a couple who sued Knox for
selling their house without their permission.

Circuit Judge Katherine McCarthy declared Knox liable on the counts of slander
of title, unjust enrichment and racketeering.

Plaintiffs Don and Edith Schwalbe of Decatur said in their lawsuit that Knox had
sold a rental house of theirs without their permission. The Schwalbes said they
learned of the sale through the newspaper and accused Knox of filing a forged
deed to accomplish the sale.

McCarthy made her ruling after Knox failed to respond to a request to admit or
deny certain facts, according to the Schwalbes' lawyer, Jim Peckert of Decatur.

Knox, reached at home Tuesday, said he missed the deadline to respond to the
request but would fight the lawsuit.

The Schwalbes allege the sale was part of a broader scheme to buy cheap rental
properties and use false appraisals to sell them again at inflated prices. The
court papers claim Knox would get someone else to take out mortgages worth more
than the properties and would pocket a share of the proceeds of the loans.

The Schwalbes are seeking more than $50,000 in damages. A pretrial hearing is
set for June 21 in Macon County Circuit Court.

The Schwalbes also are seeking to add Wiese, the Belleville appraiser, as a
defendant, Peckert said.

The Schwalbes say they learned in January 2003 that their rental house at 1145
W. Pine St. in Decatur had been sold. The couple, who are in their 70s, had been
in the process of selling it contract-for-deed to Jeremiah Young for $13,445.
Young fell behind on the payments and sold the property to Knox for $11,000.

Knox then sold the house for $43,000 to Bill and Karon Kaltenbach of
Springfield. The loan went bad and is in foreclosure.

A sale-closing statement shows Knox collected a $27,198 payment from the sale of
the Pine Street house.

In addition, the suit indicates that Knox had $11,000 deposited into the
Schwalbes' bank account without their prior knowledge. That's about what Young
owed when he defaulted on his contract-for-deed for the Pine Street house.

In 1993, Knox pleaded guilty to bank fraud and mail fraud and was sentenced to
five years in federal prison. He and another Decatur man were ordered to pay
$1.9 million in restitution. Knox was paroled in 1997.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Knox

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                December 1, 2003

Mass. U.S. Atty. Michael J. Sullivan pursuing fines and settlements for
corporate wrongdoing

BYLINE: Jeanne Greeley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 3346  words


Why does Fortune Magazine say certain companies should "fear" Massachusetts U.S.
Attorney Michael J. Sullivan?

Because Sullivan is aggressively pursuing fines and settlements for corporate
wrongdoing. That means the U.S. attorney will partner with lawyers on
potentially lucrative whistleblower cases, making Boston arguably the prime
place for lawyers to file such cases.

In fact, 85 percent of the fraud cases handled by the local U.S. Attorney's
Office are initiated by individuals who blow the whistle on suspicious or
illegal behavior that defrauds the government.

Under the federal False Claims Act, whistleblowers can earn between 15 and 30
percent of any settlement or judgment (which can be in the millions). And
experts say the cases are as plentiful as ever with federal spending on things
like health care and defense contracts spiking - creating opportunities for
money to be skimmed off through fraudulent activity.

Aware of a rise in local whistleblower cases and the state's vigorous pursuit of
those, some attorneys are looking to capitalize on this trend by setting up shop
and billing themselves as whistleblower attorneys.

"Boston has become the place to file these cases," says Suzanne E. Durrell, the
former deputy chief of the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney's Office, who is
now in private practice as a whistleblower attorney at Thomas & Associates in
Boston.

According to Durrell's partner, Robert M. Thomas Jr., a former assistant U.S.
attorney in Maryland, the three-lawyer firm is swimming in whistleblower cases.
With at least 10 ongoing suits, the firm is handling the work of about eight
attorneys, Thomas claims.

"When I first started getting into this work, I initially thought that other
attorneys would be my competition for business," says Thomas. "My perspective
now is that these people are my colleagues because there's more [cases] out
there than any of us can do. "

Considering many whistleblower cases evolve out of standard wrongful termination
or retaliation claims, private attorneys need to decide whether to hand these
cases off to a lawyer who specializes in this area, or to dig in their heels and
take the case themselves.

But there's a catch. To manage a whistleblower case, private attorneys often
need to harness the strength of the U.S. Attorney's Office, which decides
whether or not it wants to intervene and take over the investigation. The office
only does this in one out of every four cases.

To say whistleblower cases are an uphill battle without the government's
assistance is a gross understatement. Most attorneys, in fact, paint the
scenario as a David-and-Goliath battle in which a lawyer could find himself
exhausting enormous resources to no avail.

Boston attorney Thomas M. Greene knows this situation all too well. Since 1996,
he's been in pursuit of Pfizer after Greene's client blew the whistle on the
drug company's alleged off-label promotion of Neurontin, a drug approved to
treat epilepsy that was prescribed for everything from bipolar disorder to
migraines. Eight years later, the government has yet to intervene in the case.

"I didn't want to walk away from it," says Greene. "I thought that there was a
wrong, and if the government wasn't going to enter the case and pursue it, I
felt obligated to. "

The pursuit has come with a price tag of about $200,000, Greene says.

But whistleblower cases also hold the promise of a handsome reward for attorneys
willing to take them on.

Consider that most take these cases on a standard contingent fee agreement, and
that whistleblowers often walk away with a multi-million-dollar share of the
case's settlement. Given all that, the equation looks quite lucrative for
lawyers.

But the challenges can be many for attorneys. And most attorneys who have
handled whistleblower cases caution that these are time-intensive, intricate
cases that can amount to no reward in the end if lawyers don't handle them
correctly.

"I really would not want to dabble in this," Thomas admits. "This statute is
fascinating but it has many twists to it. "

What Is A Qui Tam Suit?

Enacted in 1863 primarily to curb widespread abuses by government contractors
during the Civil War, the False Claims Act allowed for any citizen aware of an
individual or company that was defrauding the government to file a whistleblower
lawsuit on behalf of the United States.

Known as a qui tam lawsuit - meaning one who sues as much for the state as for
himself - the provision was seldom used until 1986 when amendments strengthened
the law and increased monetary rewards for whistleblowers.

"When [Congress] passed this statute and then amended it in 1986, they wanted to
make it attractive for whistleblowers and their lawyers to do this," says
Thomas. "This is a huge recovery vehicle for the government. "

From fiscal 1987 to 2002, the number of qui tam cases filed increased from 33 to
320 - a staggering 870 percent. And whistleblowers, who are also known as
"relators," have reaped $987.8 million to date as their statutory share of any
settlements or judgments, according to Taxpayers Against Fraud.

Recently released FY03 statistics from the Department of Justice reveal that a
record $2.1 billion was recovered through suits and investigations of fraud
against the United States. Of that amount, $1.48 billion was from suits
initiated by whistleblowers under the qui tam provisions of the False Claims
Act.

While the whistleblowers in cases involving private companies like Enron or
Putnam Investments have made headlines, attorneys say those cases are less
frequent than cases involving fraud against the government because they don't
offer the whistleblower the financial incentive to come forward.

Though there is a False Claims Act in Massachusetts, which was passed in 2000
largely in response to cost overruns in the Big Dig, attorneys will want to file
their qui tam suits in federal court because there are usually both state and
federal dollars involved.

For suits involving Medicaid, for example, any recoveries get divided between
the state and federal government. The standard procedure is to file a suit under
seal in the federal court, attaching any state claims as "pendent claims,"
meaning that the state claims would not survive alone in federal court, but
since they are closely related to the federal case, they can be included with
it, Thomas explains.

Cases involving only state dollars, such as a state-funded construction project,
would be filed in state court under the state False Claims Act.

"Even if you had a case that was, say, 75 percent state and 25 percent federal,
you wouldn't want to lose your right to recapture the 25 percent federal, so
you'd still file that in federal [court] with the state claim pendent to the
federal claim," Thomas says.

According to the False Claims Act, the case remains sealed for 60 days, but
realistically the courts will often extend that for up to two years at the
request of the U.S. Attorney's Office, lawyers say. During this time, it's up to
the U.S. Attorney's Office to evaluate the case and decide whether or not it
wants to intervene and take over the investigation.

"You have no guarantee the government's going to like your case ... or that it
will ever be successful," cautions Durrell. "You could put in a lot of time and
a lot of energy and at the end of the day walk away with nothing. "

However, if the government does intervene in the case - at which time it is
unsealed and the defendant is served with a copy of the suit - potential
judgments or settlements can be enormous.

The False Claims Act stipulates that a liable defendant pay three times the
government's losses, plus $5,000 to $10,000 for each false claim. In settling a
case, the government will often agree to forego any civil penalties awarded,
accepting instead two to three times the amount of damages suffered by the
government.

The statute also contains an anti-retaliation provision for employees who file
suit against their current or former employers.

"The anti-retaliation provisions have real teeth," claims Thomas. "And people
who try to punish an employee because they think they've filed a whistleblower
suit are really asking for it. "

Preparing Your Case For The Government

Attorneys face several hurdles in getting the government to take over the
investigation of their whistleblower case.

First, it is statutorily required that the whistleblower be the first to file
the case against the defendant in federal court. This is sticky territory,
lawyers say, since the secretive nature of these cases could mean that an
attorney is working on a case that the government already knows about but has
under wraps. Or, another attorney may be representing a client from the same
company, who is preparing to file a suit alleging the same fraud as the client
you are representing.

"That's one of the risks in this," says Thomas. "You can have a wonderful case
and you can be second to file by a day, and you've got a problem. And you just
don't know that for quite a long time. "

Consequently, attorneys need to walk a fine line between rushing to beat their
opponents to the punch and preparing an airtight case that the government will
find attractive.

Boston lawyer Donald K. Stern, who served as U.S. attorney from 1993 to 2000,
encourages lawyers to informally contact the office to discuss the merits of
their case, and warns that a haphazardly prepared case could hurt the attorney's
credibility.

"Obviously, there's a premium on wanting to get your oar in the water," he
notes. "But, on the other hand, you really have to do your homework. "

In preparing their cases to present to the government, attorneys should also
intensely screen their whistleblower clients, Thomas suggests, adding that any
weak claims that might reek of opportunism could mean a loss of credibility for
the attorney.

"These people come with the full range of profiles in terms of credibility,
clarity, command of details, knowledge of the situation," Thomas says of
whistleblowers. "They're really all over the map. "

Attorneys also need to assess how culpable their client could be if the
investigation of fraud leads to criminal charges, because a wrong move could
inadvertently land your client in jail.

A provision of the False Claims Act does allow for the government to reduce the
whistleblower's award to 10 percent if it is found that he played a significant
role in inventing or perpetuating the fraud. Attorneys who feel that
whistleblowers should not be allowed to profit from potentially criminal
behavior lament that this provision is rarely used.

For these reasons, Durrell and Thomas say it is important for attorneys taking
on these cases to have some prosecutorial background or experience handling
cases involving white-collar crime.

"If you want to walk in as a whistleblower and tell the government everything,
and you're involved and you have no immunity from the government, you can be
prosecuted," warns Durrell. "You have just walked your client right into a buzz
saw. You think they had trouble before?"

However, she adds that "the government's obviously very interested in
whistleblowers coming forward, so they don't have a great incentive to start
prosecuting people who are coming to tell them the bad news. They don't have a
lot of incentive to kill the messenger. "

Also, lawyers need to ensure that the claim of fraud is explained with
specificity in the complaint. This is necessary because under the Rules of Civil
Procedure, the defense is supposed to have adequate notice of the charges so
they can defend against them.

Typically, says Durrell, once a qui tam case is unsealed, the defense tactic is
to file a motion to dismiss the complaint on the grounds that it doesn't
adequately specify the charges of fraud.

"Think of it as a who, what, when, where," Durrell says of the complaint, adding
that supplying names of patients who were affected by a fraudulent drug company
scheme is one example of specificity.

Preparing the documents that detail the fraud can be the most intensive part of
the investigation for an attorney, especially if a whistleblower client no
longer works for the defendant company and, in turn, has limited access to
information.

If that is the case, private lawyers better prepare their client for an intense
series of interviews by the U.S. Attorney's Office.

However, many employees or former employees will have access to evidence like
e-mails, voice-mails, marketing materials, company memos or test results that
show how a product failed, all of which should be organized and presented to the
government in the attorney's disclosure statement.

Also important in the disclosure statement is a description of any
precedent-setting cases in this area of the law, a description of what the
company does, what the product does that's alleged to be false or fraudulent,
and any correspondence that show the whistleblower trying to alert people to
something wrong. This last bit of information can also serve to support any
retaliation or wrongful termination claims in the case.

Attorneys also have to gauge whether or not the government is aware that the
fraudulent activity is taking place - "the government knowledge issue," as
Thomas calls it. For example, he says, the government may be aware that it has
been buying a defective product, but it doesn't think that it has caused any
physical or financial harm, and the problem can be easily corrected.

"Have they reacted with shock and outrage, or have they yawned?" Thomas asks.
"Because it's important in these cases that if you're alleging fraud that the
victim actually believe that it's a victim. "

Two Very Different Tales

Once you've prepared your case for the government, the crucial factor in your
client's success could be the government's decision to intervene or pass on the
case.

Some attorneys refer to handling a whistleblower case without the government's
assistance as a "David-and-Goliath battle," while others say it is outright
"impossible. "

After all, along with the government comes subpoena power, the possibility of a
grand jury investigation and even the ability to use wiretaps during the
investigation, not to mention far greater resources than the average private
attorney has. And some attorneys note that once the government steps in, it
takes on about 85 percent of the work, if not more, until the case is resolved.

Such was the case for Lawrence attorney Vincent G. Campanella Jr., who took on a
wrongful termination case for his client, Lawrence Saklad, and soon found
himself uncovering a fraudulent scheme being perpetrated by the Brookline-based
Vantage Group against the U.S. Postal Service.

Considering Campanella's client was a "pack rat," the attorney was able to amass
documents showing that the company was perpetrating a scheme to defraud the U.S.
Postal Service by using its clients' non-profit mailings rates.

"I think they were impressed with the amount of documents we provided them,"
Campanella says of the U.S. Attorney's Office, which intervened in the case when
the lawyer filed it in federal court in 1997.

From there, it was smooth sailing, Campanella adds. Aside from having to study
the False Claims Act, which made the attorney feel like he was in law school
again, Campanella says his qui tam case wasn't rocket science. And he can't see
why any attorney wouldn't be able to handle one of these cases with the
government's help.

"There really wasn't much for me to do," says the attorney. "The government was
carrying the fight ... For the most part they were the ones in the trenches. "

Campanella's case recently settled for $4.5 million, with his whistleblower
client reaping $990,000, or 22 percent of the settlement, and the attorney
getting his share of an undisclosed contingent-fee agreement.

Greene, who is still battling Pfizer after eight years, has a much different
perspective on qui tam cases. With enough documents to fill a garage from floor
to ceiling with boxes, Greene describes every step of his case - from discovery
to depositions - as grueling.

Greene's whistleblower client, David Franklin, has had his face everywhere from
the pages of the New York Times to "Dateline," revealing the intricate details
of how he served as a "medical liaison" who duped doctors into prescribing the
drug Neurontin for a litany of off-label uses that weren't approved by the FDA
but were paid for through Medicaid.

Greene admits that the theory of fraud in his case is a novel one with no
precedent to support it, but he can't seem to explain why the government has yet
to intervene in what he sees as an airtight case.

"I think they would say that they were still conducting their investigation and
they had asked for additional time and the court didn't give it to them," Greene
says of the lack of intervention by the government. U.S. District Court Judge
Patti B. Saris in December 1999 rejected the U.S. Attorney's Office's request
for an additional extension to keep the case sealed.

Samantha Martin, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, said the office
would not comment on the Pfizer case, nor could anyone provide information to
attorneys about preparing their whistleblower cases for the office.

Greene worries that not having the government involved in a qui tam case can
send the wrong message to the defendant.

"If it's Greene & Hoffman [instead of the United States], that's sending the
wrong message to Pfizer," he laments. "They have to wonder, 'Does the government
believe in the case? Why didn't the government enter the case?'"

Fortunately, says Greene, his case has survived a motion to dismiss and a motion
for summary judgment. Published reports have indicated that the case is in the
process of settling, but Greene would not comment on those developments.

According to both defense and plaintiffs' attorneys who have handled
whistleblower cases, many of these cases tend to result in settlements. The
perspective from some defense attorneys, however, is that the government gets
companies to settle by threatening to "debar" them from federal programs like
Medicaid.

"If the government did not have the debarment authority that it has, more
companies would be willing to challenge a False Claims Act allegation," says
defense attorney Nicholas C. Theodorou of Boston. "Debarment is a powerful tool
for the government and it does not necessarily create a level playing field. "

The U.S. Attorney's Office would not respond to questions about its use of
debarment in negotiating settlements.

Though Greene's firm has devoted three attorneys and a paralegal nearly full
time to this case, amounting to more than 6,000 hours, there's a potential
silver lining.

According to the statute, the whistleblower can earn up to 30 percent of any
settlement or judgment that might result from a case in which the government
doesn't intervene - a dramatic increase from the average 16 percent that is
awarded when the government does intervene. (When the government intervenes, the
whistleblower is only entitled to between 15 and 25 percent of the money.)

Greene's message to fellow attorneys considering taking on qui tam cases is
this: "Professionally, it can bring a private attorney great professional
satisfaction to prosecute a defendant for fraud perpetrated on the government
and to make a recovery for the government, which is ultimately for the people.
But it is a great burden to undertake a case like this, especially when the
government doesn't intervene. "

That said, Greene claims he'd still take on the right qui tam case if it
presented itself in the future.

"I've been reviewing False Claims Act cases and I'm happy to take the right case
on," he says.

With billions of federal dollars continuing to pour into homeland security,
defense contracts and health care, the prospect of more whistleblower suits on
the horizon is a very real one, according to attorneys.

"The amount of money being spent is really stunning, and I have to believe that
a certain amount of it will be siphoned off to fraudulent conduct," says
Durrell. "And I would hope that citizens would be willing to come forward. But
who knows?"

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                              May 21, 2006 Sunday

Push to encourage attorneys to report fraud will redefine lawyer-client
privilege

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484  words


The following article was originally published in the Long Island Business News,
another Dolan Media publication.

LONG ISLAND, N.Y. - There's nothing more hallowed in the annals of law than
attorney-client privilege.

But in the wake of Enron and other high-profile corporate scandals, some lawyers
and bar associations are pushing to make it easier for lawyers to disclose
executives' wrongdoing.

The push to encourage in-house attorneys and outside counsel to report fraud
begs an inevitable question: When executives engage in fraud, why don't the
lawyers know it - and if they do, why don't they inform authorities?

The most common answer: Even if attorneys knew what was going on, lawyer-client
privilege makes going to the authorities risky and possibly unethical.

"You could report up within the corporation," suggested Roy Simon, Howard
Lichtenstein Distinguished Professor of Legal Ethics at the Hofstra University
School of Law. "But if you got to the top ... and they didn't want to change
anything, then your only remedy was to withdraw. "

That may slowly be changing. Some attorney groups propose redefining
attorney-client privilege at corporations, in particular at public companies.
The American Bar Association in 2003 revised its guidelines, saying it supported
the right of corporate lawyers to report financial crimes to authorities.

New York State and many others have not modified their codes of professional
conduct to avoid eroding attorney-client privilege. But the New York City Bar
Task Force on the Lawyer's Role in Corporate Governance earlier this month
supported the right of attorneys working with public companies to contact
authorities.

"It appears that lawyers, even if not complicit in the corporate wrongdoing,
were in position potentially to have taken steps to either prevent or mitigate
the effects of a significant number of these scandals," noted a task force
report.

The group said lawyers should report financial wrongdoing beyond a corporation
because they work on behalf of the company, not executives or board members.

"Lawyers take their directions from corporate officers or directors, but their
client is - and they owe their duty of loyalty to - the corporate entity," the
task force concluded.

The ABA has altered its guidelines regarding the disclosure of confidential
information for past and ongoing fraud. But so far, the ABA's recommendations in
New York State remain advice, and not the law of the land. Even the city bar
task force is just a recommendation to the city bar.

New York State, where the appellate division of the Unified Court System is
charged with determining standards, has been reluctant to chip away at
attorney-client privilege.

"The other side is people will just take lawyers out of the loop," said Simon.
"For a short time, you might have lawyers who know and reveal things. Pretty
soon, the lawyer's source of information will dry up. "

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                              May 21, 2006 Sunday

Push to encourage attorneys to report

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION:

LENGTH: 478  words


The following article was originally published in the Long Island Business News.

LONG ISLAND, N.Y. - There's nothing more hallowed in the annals of law than
attorney-client privilege.

But in the wake of Enron and other high-profile corporate scandals, some lawyers
and bar associations are pushing to make it easier for lawyers to disclose
executives' wrongdoing.

The push to encourage in-house attorneys and outside counsel to report fraud
begs an inevitable question: When executives engage in fraud, why don't the
lawyers know it - and if they do, why don't they inform authorities?

The most common answer: Even if attorneys knew what was going on, lawyer-client
privilege makes going to the authorities risky and possibly unethical.

"You could report up within the corporation," suggested Roy Simon, Howard
Lichtenstein Distinguished Professor of Legal Ethics at the Hofstra University
School of Law. "But if you got to the top ... and they didn't want to change
anything, then your only remedy was to withdraw. "

That may slowly be changing. Some attorney groups propose redefining
attorney-client privilege at corporations, in particular at public companies.
The American Bar Association in 2003 revised its guidelines, saying it supported
the right of corporate lawyers to report financial crimes to authorities.

New York State and many others have not modified their codes of professional
conduct to avoid eroding attorney-client privilege. But the New York City Bar
Task Force on the Lawyer's Role in Corporate Governance earlier this month
supported the right of attorneys working with public companies to contact
authorities.

"It appears that lawyers, even if not complicit in the corporate wrongdoing,
were in position potentially to have taken steps to either prevent or mitigate
the effects of a significant number of these scandals," noted a task force
report.

The group said lawyers should report financial wrongdoing beyond a corporation
because they work on behalf of the company, not executives or board members.

"Lawyers take their directions from corporate officers or directors, but their
client is - and they owe their duty of loyalty to - the corporate entity," the
task force concluded.

The ABA has altered its guidelines regarding the disclosure of confidential
information for past and ongoing fraud. But so far, the ABA's recommendations in
New York State remain advice, and not the law of the land. Even the city bar
task force is just a recommendation to the city bar.

New York State, where the appellate division of the Unified Court System is
charged with determining standards, has been reluctant to chip away at
attorney-client privilege.

"The other side is people will just take lawyers out of the loop," said Simon.
"For a short time, you might have lawyers who know and reveal things. Pretty
soon, the lawyer's source of information will dry up. "

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Shinseki 'mad as hell' over VA delays -- and no, he's not resigning

BYLINE: By Lisa Mascaro McClatchy-Tribune News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; News; National

LENGTH: 595 words


WASHINGTON -- Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki said Thursday he's "mad
as hell" over allegations of wrongdoing at VA facilities, but his measured
approach to fixing the problems did not appear to satisfy senators from both
parties who grilled the retired Army general over excessive wait times linked to
veterans' deaths.

As the crisis at the VA deepens, President Barack Obama installed one of his top
deputies at the beleaguered department as calls grew for Shinseki's resignation.

One Democratic senator suggested potential criminal wrongdoing amid claims that
VA workers manipulated the appointments system to cover up excessive wait times,
and said the FBI should be brought in to supplement a review underway by the VA
inspector general.

Shinseki sought patience from the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee as he awaits
the review into as many as 40 deaths that may have resulted from long waits for
treatment at the Phoenix VA facility and other problems in as many as 10 cities
nationwide. He showed no sign of stepping down.

The secretary said he intends to "provide care for the people I went to war
with. I'm here to accomplish a mission I think they critically deserve and
need," the Vietnam War combat veteran testified.

Senators, though, appeared unsatisfied with what they characterized as
long-running systemic problems throughout the veterans' health care system that
makes more than 236,000 appointments a day and operates 150 centers across the
nation.

Several senators, from both sides of the political aisle, detailed stories of
repeated reports from their states and others of long wait times, dating back
several years.

"There's no gray area," said Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., who cited an eight-page
memo from VA officials detailing ways workers were "gaming" the books to
disguise wait times.

"Clearly this problem has gone on far too long," said Sen. Patty Murray,
D-Wash., who has long investigated VA complaints. "We need more than good
intentions. What we need now is decisive action."

The Republican chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee has asked Obama
to form a bipartisan commission to investigate the problems, as lawmakers raise
concerns that the department's inspector general's office may not have the
resources needed.

Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., went further. "We have more than allegations
at this point," Blumenthal said. "We have evidence."

Shinseki testified for more than an hour as the committee chairman, Sen. Bernie
Sanders of Vermont, warned against a "rush to judgment" for a health care system
that is treating more than 200,000 veterans suffering from PTSD and traumatic
brain injuries, many from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. It was Shinseki who
clashed with the George W. Bush administration when he warned that more troops
would be needed in Iraq than the Pentagon at the time had suggested.

But in many cases, Shinseki appeared unaware of specific problems senators
cited. He noted that his removal of three officials from the Phoenix facility
was not solely his decision, but was made on the recommendation of the inspector
general.

When asked directly by Sanders, the Vermont independent, if VA officials were
"cooking the books," the secretary demurred.

"I'm not aware, other than a number of isolated cases, that there is evidence of
that," he said.

------

(c)2014 Tribune Co.

Visit Tribune Co. at www.latimes.com

Distributed by MCT Information Services

----------

ARCHIVE PHOTOS on MCT Direct (from MCT Photo Service, 202-383-6099): Eric
Shinseki

Keywords:: BC-VETERANS-SHINSEKI:TBW BC VETERANS SHINSEKI TBW

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 15: Paralyzed Veterans of America Legislative
Director Carl Blake (C) testifies with other representatives of veterans'
organizations before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee about wait times
veterans face to get medical care May 15, 2014 in Washington, DC. The American
Legion called Monday for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric
Shinseki amid reports by former and current VA employees that up to 40 patients
may have died because of delayed treatment at an agency hospital in Phoenix,
Arizona. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 15: U.S. Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki testifies
during a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing that is focusing on wait
times veterans face to get medical care May 15, 2014 in Washington, DC. The
American Legion called Monday for the resignation of Shinseki amid reports by
former and current VA employees that up to 40 patients may have died because of
delayed treatment at an agency hospital in Phoenix, Arizona. (Photo by Mark
Wilson/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 15: U.S. Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki speaks to
the media after appearing before a Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on
wait times veterans face to get medical care May 15, 2014 in Washington, DC. The
American Legion called Monday for the resignation of Shinseki amid reports by
former and current VA employees that up to 40 patients may have died because of
delayed treatment at an agency hospital in Phoenix, Arizona. (Photo by Mark
Wilson/Getty Images)
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki listens to a reporters question while
speaking with the news media on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, May 15,
2014, after testifying before the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing to
examine the state of Veterans Affairs health care. Facing calls to resign,
Shinseki said Thursday that he hopes to have a preliminary report within three
weeks on how widespread treatment delays and falsified patient scheduling
reports are at VA facilities nationwide, following allegations that up to 40
veterans may have died while awaiting treatment at the Phoenix VA center. (AP
Photo/Cliff Owen)
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki speaks with the news media on Capitol
Hill in Washington, Thursday, May 15, 2014, after testifying before the Senate
Veterans Affairs Committee hearing to examine the state of Veterans Affairs
health care. Facing calls to resign, Shinseki said Thursday that he hopes to
have a preliminary report within three weeks on how widespread treatment delays
and falsified patient scheduling reports are at VA facilities nationwide,
following allegations that up to 40 veterans may have died while awaiting
treatment at the Phoenix VA center. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 13, 2007 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Spectrum case settled for $7.5 million;
Clinic operator's spending under scrutiny

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Spectrum Health Systems Inc., its former management company and a former
executive have agreed to repay about $7.5 million to the state to settle charges
that Spectrum misused state money.

The office of Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly reported yesterday that Spectrum
will pay the state $3.5 million and add four new independent trustees to its
board.

CiviGenics Inc. of Marlboro, which held a management contract with Spectrum from
1996 to 2002, will pay the state $3.4 million, Mr. Reilly's office said, and
CiviGenics President Roy Ross will pay the state $650,000.

Under the agreement with the attorney general's office, none of the parties
admitted any wrongdoing. Spectrum President and Chief Executive Charles J. Faris
said yesterday that at Spectrum, "there was no wrongdoing."

"Basically we're just satisfied that we're getting an issue that's five years
old finally resolved, and that we can get back to performing the services we've
always been noted for," Mr. Faris said.

CiviGenics and Mr. Ross did not return phone calls yesterday seeking comment.

Spectrum, with 700 employees, is a nonprofit human services organization that
concentrates on treatment programs for substance abusers. It has operations in
Massachusetts and five other states.

In Massachusetts, Spectrum's biggest state client is the Department of Youth
Services. Spectrum also provides services for the state Department of Public
Health and the Department of Correction.

In 2004, state Auditor A. Joseph DeNucci released an audit claiming that
Spectrum had misused $17.4 million in state money over 10 years, mostly through
a no-bid contract that allegedly funneled $10.2 million in excessive payments to
CiviGenics.

The audit also alleged that Spectrum paid nearly $1 million in unallowed
compensation to a former chairman for undocumented consulting services provided
while he was living in Alaska and Florida. In addition, the auditors questioned
a $3.3 million Spectrum purchase of Boston Road Clinic from CiviGenics.

CiviGenics operates prisons and substance abuse programs in secure facilities.
Mr. Ross, its president, formerly ran Spectrum.

Mr. DeNucci's office turned its audit results over to the attorney general's
office in 2004, and since then, state auditors have not re-examined Spectrum,
said Glenn A. Briere, a spokesman for Mr. DeNucci.

"Informally, we hear things, and we've been led to believe the management at
Spectrum has made considerable improvements since our audit, as a result of our
audit," Mr. Briere said. "Certainly the auditor did not want to see them put out
of business. They do good work."

Under its agreement with the state, Spectrum must add four new independent
members to its board of trustees, and at least two of them must have nonprofit
governance or financial expertise. The state said Spectrum must review its
bylaws and procedures and create education programs for its trustees. The
trustees, the state said, must beef up on law, accounting, finance, employee
compensation and other topics related to their duties.

Mr. Faris said Spectrum always looks for experts in those areas when it recruits
trustees. He said the board has not yet added four new trustees, but expects to
do so this year.

The governance and board requirements represent a significant element of the
settlement, Mr. Briere said.

"The members of these boards are supposed to be watching what the state does,"
Mr. Briere said. "They have a fiduciary responsibility to make sure these
corporations, these agencies, are operating not only in the best interests of
their businesses, but in the best interests of the communities paying them to do
this work."

Contact business reporter Lisa Eckelbecker by e-mail at
leckelbecker@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Mr. Faris

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

FIFA ethics scandal widens

BYLINE: wire services

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 481 words

ABSTRACT

News and Notes

FULL TEXT

GENEVA >> As the number of World Cup voters publicly accused of wrongdoing
reached 17, German soccer great Franz Beckenbauer and FIFA vice president Angel
Maria Villar are waiting to discover if they will be found guilty of obstructing
the investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests.

Five years after the 2018 tournament was awarded to Russia and the Middle East
was given its first World Cup in Qatar in 2022, the shockwaves from the landmark
dual decision by a much-discredited FIFA executive committee still reverberate
throughout the soccer world.

Although the Russian and Qatari successes, along with the conduct of rival bids,
have been tainted by five years of allegations, FIFA's ethics judge ruled last
year there was not enough evidence to prove that the decisions were corrupt. But
the contests remain subject to a criminal investigation in Switzerland where the
attorney general is examining if there was financial wrongdoing, including money
laundering.

Two members of FIFA's 24-man executive committee were suspended even before the
2010 vote after being caught in newspaper stings. Eight voters have since been
banned or suspended from duty following ethics investigations.

NHL

Blue Jackets fire Richards, hire Tortorella >> John Tortorella hoisted a Stanley
Cup in Tampa Bay and led the New York Rangers to the verge of a championship
berth.

At woebegone Columbus, the Blue Jackets have a more modest goal for the veteran
coach: Win a game.

Tortorella is back coaching in the NHL after the Blue Jackets fired Todd
Richards with the team off to an 0-7-0 start.

"He's proven he's a good coach," said center Brandon Dubinsky, who played for
Tortorella with the Rangers from 2008-12. "He's going to help our group.
Unfortunately, it's going to be at the expense of a great person and a great
coach (but) we got another one. We've got to step up for him."

Tortorella, who won the Stanley Cup with the Tampa Bay Lightning in 2004, has
been out of hockey since the Canucks fired him in May 2014 after one season in
Vancouver. He takes over for Richards, who had been with the Blue Jackets since
2012 and led them to only their second NHL playoff appearance in 2013-14, when
they lost to the Pittsburgh Penguins in the opening round.

Horse racing

American Pharoah, Beholder among 10 in Breeders' Cup Classic >> Triple Crown
champion American Pharoah will try to close out his career in style by winning
the $5 million Breeders' Cup Classic next week against a loaded field that
includes two-time Breeders' Cup-winning mare Beholder and Keen Ice, who handed
him his only loss this year in the Travers.

Tonalist, the 2014 Belmont Stakes winner, and Frosted, who pressed American
Pharoah much of the way in the Travers before finishing third, are also among
the 10 horses expected to run in the 1 -mile Classic, which will be shown live
on NBC.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 27, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

Clinton Concedes Marital 'Wrongdoing';
In TV Interview, Presidential Hopeful Asks Public to Drop Questions

Dan Balz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1375 words


In a bold gamble to shield his presidential candidacy from allegations of
marital infidelity, Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton asked the American people last
night to set aside questions about what he called "wrongdoing" in his marriage
and not allow the news media to turn the 1992 campaign into "a game of 'gotcha.'
"

Clinton, in an extraordinary interview on CBS News's "60 Minutes" shown after
last night's Super Bowl game, denied allegations by Gennifer Flowers, an
Arkansas state employee and part-time cabaret singer, that the two had engaged
in a 12-year affair. The charges, for which Flowers was paid an undisclosed sum,
were carried in the supermarket tabloid Star.

But in denying Flowers's allegation, Clinton admitted that his marriage had not
been without problems. "I have acknowledged wrongdoing," Clinton said, seated
next to his wife, Hillary, in a hotel suite in Boston. "I have acknowledged
causing pain in my marriage. I have said things to you tonight and to the
American people from the beginning that no American politician ever has."

Clinton and his wife refused to answer pointed questions from correspondent
Steve Kroft about their marriage, and the governor appealed for fairness from
the national television audience and the news media. Asked whether he had ever
committed adultery, Clinton said, "I'm not prepared tonight to say that any
married couple should ever discuss that with anyone but themselves." But he did
not deny it.

Recalling an earlier era in politics when a divorced candidate was penalized by
the public, Clinton said that today, "Nobody's prejudiced against anybody
because they're divorced. Are we going to take the reverse position now that if
people have problems in their marriage and there are things in their past which
they don't want to discuss, which are painful to them, that they can't run?"

Clinton's decision to go on national television last night to answer charges of
marital infidelity represented a high-stakes strategy designed to put the issue
of his marriage behind him. In going directly to the voters, Clinton hoped to
put pressure on the media not to make an issue of his past behavior.

"I think most Americans who are watching this tonight, they'll know what we're
saying, they'll get it, and they'll feel that we have been more candid," Clinton
said. "And I think what the press has to decide is: Are we going to engage in a
game of 'gotcha'?"

But in giving an interview to the top-rated prime-time show on television,
Clinton also risked highlighting the past problems in his marriage to a wider
audience of Americans and helped set up the Feb. 18 primary in New Hampshire,
where he is the leader in the polls, as a referendum on the issue of his
personal life.

"We had to do it," Clinton adviser James Carville said. "We couldn't get our
message out. We would never ever have gotten our message out."

Throughout the interview, Hillary Clinton defended her husband and their
marriage. "You know, I'm not sitting here, some little woman standing by my man
like Tammy Wynette," she said. "I'm sitting here because I love him and I
respect him and I honor what he's been through and what we've been through
together, and, you know, if that's not enough for people, then heck, don't vote
for him."

But she said politicians, no less than other Americans, deserve "a zone of
privacy" in their lives. "There isn't a person watching this who would feel
comfortable sitting on this couch detailing everything that ever went on in
their life or their marriage," she said.

Clinton and his advisers set the strategy in motion after Flowers, who had
previously denied having had an affair with Clinton, sold a story asserting a
12-year affair to the Star and major newspapers picked up the allegations, which
have never been substantiated.

Newsweek magazine, in its current issue, raised questions about Flowers's
credibility, saying she has made a series of misstatements about her past.

The magazine said that while Flowers told the Star she had been a Miss Teenage
America and had worked on the television show "Hee Haw," neither was accurate.
The magazine also said that University of Arkansas officials said they have no
record of her attendance there, even though she told the Star she had completed
50 hours of courses.

Asked whether he believed the Clintons had succeeded in putting the issue to
rest, Bill Clinton said, "That's up to the American people and to some extent up
to the press. This will test the character of the press. It is not only my
character than has been tested."

When Kroft suggested that, despite their past problems, the Clintons had
"reached some sort of understanding or arrangement" in their marriage, Clinton
broke in: "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute," he said. "You're
looking at two people who love each other. This is not an arrangement or an
understanding. This is a marriage. That's a very different thing."

Thursday night, after the Star's latest story broke, Clinton told The Washington
Post that he believed he and his wife deserved credit for staying together
through difficult times. "If we had just walked away from our marriage, I could
be . . . running for president and you wouldn't be here tonight talking to me
about this," he said.

The Clintons' performance last night could well determine the fate of his
candidacy, but even he admitted that the interview cannot make the issue go
away. The Star has promised more details from Flowers.  Several Democrats said
that if Clinton is caught lying about Flowers or cannot get beyond the issue,
his candidacy will be gravely damaged.

Clinton's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination has been shadowed
by rumors of marital infidelity since before he announced in October. Last
summer he told reporters he would not answer "Have you ever . . . ?" questions
about his marriage. In an effort to blunt the issue, he and his wife met with
reporters last September in Washington. Asked about the rumors, the governor
said then: "We have been together for almost 20 years and we are committed to
each other. It has not been perfect or free from problems, but we are committed
to each other, and that ought to be enough."

Until 10 days ago, that appeared to have been enough. But then the Star printed
a story about a lawsuit brought by Larry Nichols, a disgruntled Arkansas state
employee, which alleged that Clinton had had affairs with several women,
including Flowers. On Saturday, Nichols said he would cease efforts to reinstate
the lawsuit and said he had no evidence of the affairs.

Although other news organizations, including The Washington Post, had looked
into the Nichols suit and found no corroborating evidence, the Star report
produced a fresh round of stories in other papers. On Thursday, the Star
released the story about Flowers, who a year ago had denied through her lawyer
that she had had an affair with Clinton.

Once again Clinton found himself dogged by reporters in New Hampshire, and once
he had returned to Arkansas he and his advisers spent Friday discussing how they
could confront the issue in a high-profile way and then move on. After
considering several offers from television talk shows, they concluded that their
best hope was with the biggest audience. The CBS program normally has about 30
million viewers, but a network spokesman said the audience would be much larger
after last night's Super Bowl game.

Clinton returned to Little Rock last night to watch the program with his wife
and daughter. "It's in the hands of the people now," he said upon arrival. "I've
been in rough campaigns before. I never thought I'd see the day when a paid
story would make its way into the legitimate press."

The taping took nearly an hour yesterday, and at one point a lighting structure
fell down and nearly hit Hillary Clinton. She was not hurt. She returned
immediately to Arkansas while Clinton campaigned briefly in New Hampshire. Asked
about the Flowers allegations, he said, "Watch '60 Minutes.' I've said all I'm
going to say and I'm not going to say any more."

Staff writers Bill McAllister in Little Rock and David Von Drehle in New
Hampshire and researcher Mark Stencel contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ARKANSAS GOV. BILL CLINTON HUGS WIFE, HILLARY, AFTER LIGHTING
EQUIPMENT FELL CLOSE TO THEM DURING TAPING OF INTERVIEW FOR THE CBS PROGRAM "60
MINUTES.", POOL PHOTO

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

EDITORIAL: EPISD board: More excuses for failures

BYLINE: El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 661 words


Feb. 07--El Paso Independent School District board members will make another
attempt today to excuse their deficiencies despite failing spectacularly in
their roles.

A Texas Education Agency official in Austin will hear EPISD's appeal of
Education Commissioner Michael Williams' December decision to remove the school
board and replace it with an appointed board of managers for up to two years. A
decision is expected by the end of the month.

In their argument summary provided ahead of the hearing, EPISD officials make
the same tired argument that has caused the public to lose confidence in the
board and administration: The district's failings -- from perhaps the worst
cheating scandal in the nation's history, to the inability to uncover the scheme
and remove the worst offenders -- are the fault of everyone except the people
who were supposed to be running the district.

In its argument, EPISD assigns the lion's share of blame to TEA.

There is no question that the TEA in 2010 failed in its oversight role when it
twice cleared EPISD of allegations that then-Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia was
leading a scheme to game the accountability system. The evidence of cheating was
readily available, but the TEA made no serious attempt to investigate.

But TEA's failings do not excuse the failings of the school- board members, who
did nothing for months despite clear warning signs. And the agency's prior
failings, under different leadership, cannot be an excuse for

inactivity now.

The district's argument summary also conveniently ignores evidence of how badly
community trust of the board has eroded.

EPISD said it appointed a task force chaired by Jimmy Vasquez, executive
director of Region 19 Education Service Center, to make improvement
recommendations to the board, "and the board has addressed most of them."

The district does not say that in November, Vasquez angrily rebuked the board
for failing to take responsibility for its failures. Not only does EPISD fail to
include Vasquez's complaint, but its entire argument revives the contention he
found so distasteful -- that the board had no way of uncovering Garcia's
wrongdoing.

To bolster this argument, EPISD repeats The Big Lie that board members have
repeated for months: "The wrongdoing by the former superintendent was not easily
discoverable."

The district's internal auditor, Joe Yanez, discovered the evidence of
wrongdoing in the summer of 2010. One of the board's duties specifically
outlined in state law is to oversee the internal auditor, but this board had
failed to do that, allowing Garcia to direct the auditor and cover up findings
of widespread transcript tampering at Bowie High School.

Garcia could not have carried out his scheme if it had not been for an
inattentive and negligent school board. The board's refusal to accept
responsibility for that failure led the governing board of the Greater El Paso
Chamber of Commerce to issue a vote of no confidence in the school board last
month and request that the board drop efforts to appeal Williams' decision.

EPISD also argues that there's no need to assign a board of managers because of
elections this spring for four of the seven board positions.

However, the district once again omits important information. Three of the
longest-serving board members, with the greatest culpability for the district's
failings, would continue serving after the election and would be a tremendous
obstacle to efforts to get EPISD on a better track. Those three members are
current board President Isela Castanon-Williams and former presidents David
Dodge and Patricia Hughes.

EPISD has floundered for too long under the district's current leadership. The
board of managers offers the best hope for a new direction.

We urge Holland Timmins, the TEA official hearing the appeal, to uphold
Williams' decision.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130207-EY-EDITORIAL-EPISD-board-More-excuses-for-failures-0207-20130207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Lawsuit claims Pinto had New York police arrest attempted whistle-blower

BYLINE: BEN HARTMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 624 words


Rabbi Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto had a friend of his, a New York City detective,
arrest a man who revealed business wrongdoings of Pinto's top personal aide,
according to a civil suit filed in New York State Supreme Court on Friday.

The allegations in the court affidavit state that Pinto had Detective Eric
Patino arrest Israeli businessman Tomer Shohat, who was sent by investors to
probe suspected wrongdoing in the management of a Manhattan building - Metro
Apartments - partially owned by a company that Pinto's aide Benzion Suky
controlled.

In March 2012, Shohat began representing a group that had invested $10.5 million
in the property and wanted the books examined for wrongdoing. After arriving in
New York and examining the books, Shohat found that Suky had taken personal
loans and charged them to Metro Apartments and that he would rent apartments at
the building without a hotel permit, according to the court document.

According to the affidavit, Shohat presented his findings to Rabbi Pinto, after
which "Pinto and Suky directed [the] plaintiff to cease his investigation and
warned [the] plaintiff that if he continued his investigation he would come to
bodily harm and or be arrested by their friend in the police department -
defendant Patino."

The affidavit also alleges that in mid-February 2013, after Shohat presented the
findings of his investigation to the Metro Apartment board, Pinto's brother,
Menahem Pinto, contacted Shohat and "advised him that he and Yosef Yoshiyahu
Pinto could no longer protect the plaintiff and he should leave the country and
return to Israel, otherwise they and Suky would have him arrested."

At this point, the affidavit says, Suky and Rabbi Pinto arranged for Detective
Patino to arrest the plaintiff on February 21, 2013.

Patino told Shohat he would release him if he went to lunch with him, otherwise
he'd take him to jail downtown, where he'd be in danger of injury at the hands
of other inmates. He then allegedly told Shohat that if he handed over a
computer with information about alleged wrongdoing by Pinto's aide, he'd let him
go.

Patino then filed a grand larceny charge against Shohat and had his passport
taken so he couldn't leave the country, the affidavit says.

The affidavit cited that Suky filed a fraudulent complaint alleging that Shohat
had stolen valuable property and assumed a false identity to obtain goods.

The district attorney's office in April filed a motion to dismiss the charge
against Shohat.

Rabbi Pinto and his associates are suspected of giving cash payments, a discount
on an apartment in Tel Aviv and help in obtaining visas to the US to immediate
family members of former police official Menashe Arbiv - who resigned this month
in the midst of the scandal.

The payments allegedly included a NIS 700,000 discount on an apartment in north
Tel Aviv and semi-monthly payments of $2,000 to Arbiv's son, which were made to
Arbiv while he was the Israel Police attache in Washington.

Arbiv denied that he received illicit payments from Pinto or his people.

Pinto is also expected to face indictments for bribery and intimidating
witnesses.

Pinto allegedly tried to bribe police Dep.-Ch. Ephraim Bracha, who heads the
National Fraud Squad, with $200,000 in July 2012, to gain information about a
criminal investigation into the Hazon Yeshaya foundation, which Pinto runs.

Bracha reported Pinto's actions to his superiors.

On Saturday evening, Arbiv's attorney said that his client plans to submit a
police complaint against Pinto on Sunday, accusing him of fabricating the
documents allegedly detailing the bribery. One in particular concerns a document
showing dates that Arbiv supposedly stayed for free at the Metro Apartments,
when Arbiv and his attorney say he was in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Vidalia Board of Aldermen votes to hire independent auditor to investigate
alleged wrongdoing

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Feb. 12--VIDALIA -- The Vidalia Board of Aldermen voted Thursday to hire an
auditor to investigate an allegation of employee wrongdoing.

Who the employee is or what they are alleged to have done are being kept under
wraps. All that has been said so far came in a written statement from Mayor
Hyram Copeland, who said that through the city's checks and balances system, the
city identified a "potential discrepancy" in one of its departments.

The board met in executive session for two hours Thursday before coming out and
approving Alderman Tron McCoy's motion that the city engage an "independent
auditor to review the personnel issue for which this meeting was called."

After the vote was taken, Copeland said that, "At such time as the report is
completed, the town will take the appropriate action and release the appropriate
statement."

While the reason for the engagement of an independent auditor has not been
released, the move by the aldermen comes approximately a week after the city's
annual audit was completed. The audit has been submitted to the state but is
still pending review before its public release.

The first hint of potential wrongdoing on the part of a city employee was raised
Tuesday, when Alderman Ricky Knapp unsuccessfully tried to add an executive
session item to the agenda at the board's regular meeting to discuss a potential
investigation.

Copeland said Thursday the council couldn't have added the item to the agenda
Tuesday because state law requires written notification to an employee 24 hours
in advance of discussing them in executive session so they can have the
opportunity to be present if they so choose.

"These are the lives of real people we are discussing here," he said.

___ (c)2016 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160212-YY-Vidalia-Board-of-Aldermen-votes-to-hire-independent-auditor-to-inves
tigate-alleged-wrongdoing-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2016 The Natchez Democrat


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Former Lathrop partner denies wrongdoing at disciplinary hearing in Kansas City

BYLINE: Heather Cole

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 524  words


In her first time speaking publicly about conflict of interest allegations,
former Lathrop & Gage partner Allison Bergman several times denied wrongdoing at
a disciplinary hearing that centers in part on her long-term relationship with
ousted Kansas City Terminal president Charles Mader.

Bergman, who was outside general counsel and corporate secretary for the railway
when Mader was president, started testifying late Tuesday afternoon at the
hearing in a downtown Kansas City office building. Regional disciplinary
committee representative Kevin Odrowski questioned Bergman on who at KCT knew
and should have known about the relationship. He also asked about work Bergman
did on an employment contract for Mader before KCT hired him for an initial
general manager position and about her billing KCT for work done for a company
partly owned by Mader.

"I admit to no wrongdoing in any of the counts that have been filed against me,"
Bergman said Wednesday morning in response to Odrowski's questioning.

The committee will ask that Bergman's law license be suspended for a
"substantial amount of time," Odrowski said Tuesday at the start of the hearing
before a disciplinary panel. The three-member panel will make a recommendation
on discipline to the Missouri Supreme Court.

The committee alleged Bergman's personal and sometimes sexual relationship with
Mader created a tangle of conflicts and should have been disclosed -- and wasn't
-- to the railway's board of directors. Douglas Banks, now president of the
board, testified that the relationship helped derail Lathrop & Gage's 106-year
client relationship with KCT.

KCT, a corporation owned by five major U.S. railroad companies that handles
freight rail traffic at a Kansas City hub, terminated Bergman as general counsel
and removed her as corporate secretary in February 2012. At the same time, the
company fired Mader amid allegations Mader committed fraud against the company.
Mader has denied the allegations in court documents.

Bergman later that year left Lathrop & Gage and is now a principal at the
Hardwick Law Firm.

On Tuesday, Bergman said Mader's predecessor as KCT president, William
Somervell, knew about the relationship for years.

Missouri Supreme Court rules bar lawyers from having sexual relationships with a
"constituent" of a client company -- someone who supervises or regularly
consults the lawyer on legal matters. But the rules make an exception for sexual
relationships that predate the lawyer's representation.

Bergman said she didn't consider the board of directors, which includes
representatives of shareholder railroad companies, to be her constituent or
client.

"Mr. Somervell was my client," Bergman said. "I told my client. "

On Wednesday morning, Bergman said she had erroneously billed KCT for work done
for Tallgrass Railcars, a company partially owned by Mader and Somervell that
was formed to buy a railcar. Bergman said she thought KCT owned Tallgrass when
she mistakenly billed about $3,500 to the railway. When she found out in late
2011 the true ownership structure, she billed all work to the correct company.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                    November 26, 2002 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

N.J plans lawsuits over pension-fund losses;
The state alleges lapses by four firms - Qwest, Sears, EDS and Tyco - cost the
fund $150 million.

BYLINE: By Mitch Lipka; Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B09

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


Pinning blame for $150 million in investment losses on allegedly underhanded
moves by four major corporations, New Jersey officials announced yesterday that
they are joining the ranks of frustrated investors heading to court to get
payback.

They said they would file lawsuits this week against Qwest Communications
International Inc.; Sears, Roebuck & Co.; Electronic Data Systems Corp.; and
Tyco International Ltd.

The suits will allege that corporate wrongdoing strained the already beleaguered
New Jersey pension fund, which has lost more than $20 billion during the last
two years.

Gov. McGreevey and Attorney General David Samson asserted that the companies had
deceived the state in its role as an investor of public money and, therefore,
must pay.

This is likely the first in a series of such lawsuits that they said would make
the clear distinction between wrongdoing that deserves punishment and normal
losses that investors just have to deal with.

"Corporations in America have a legal and moral obligation to abide by the law
as well as conduct themselves within the responsible confines of corporate
behavior," McGreevey said. "Irresponsible corporate behavior must not be
accepted."

State pension funds, reeling since the market downturn, have begun trying to
assess blame and protect against future problems. California and West Virginia
have filed similar lawsuits.

Pennsylvania is contemplating joining class-action shareholder lawsuits and is
investigating which companies to go after.

"Any opportunities the funds see to recover loses through litigation, they're
going to take," said Bob Gentzel, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania treasurer.

While announcing the lawsuits in Trenton, Samson said New Jersey had finally
agreed to sign on to a $100 million nationwide settlement of a case against
Merrill Lynch.

The settlement, contingent on acceptance by all states and territories, is
awaiting Missouri's approval.

Samson said New Jersey had agreed to receive its $1.4 million share as long as
it could sue if additional irregularities were uncovered.

The deal followed assertions that Merrill Lynch brokerage analysts delivered
overly rosy research to lure investment banking business.

Qwest is accused of fraud, malicious misrepresentation and securities fraud on
allegations that it failed to disclose billions of dollars in debt and inflated
reported revenues.

A spokesman said the company would have no comment.

New Jersey, which poured money into Electronic Data Systems in 1999 and 2000,
wants to be the lead plaintiff in two federal lawsuits that allege accounting
irregularities.

EDS announced in September that it would miss its earnings projections by 80
percent.

"We believe our actions were proper," EDS spokesman Jim Baptiste said. "We
intend to vigorously defend ourselves."

Sears is accused of misleading investors over nine months this year, during
which New Jersey bought more than 500,000 shares in the company.

"The claims that are presented in the news release lack merit, and we plan to
defend against them vigorously," Sears spokeswoman Jan Drummond said.

New Jersey will accuse Tyco and three criminally charged former executives of
causing losses in the pension fund through fraud and accounting irregularities.

Tyco officials did not comment.

Contact Mitch Lipka at 609-989-8990 or mlipka@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            August 28, 1997 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Espy indicted on 39 counts;
Former Agriculture Secretary charged with taking favors, witness tampering

BYLINE: JAMES ROWLEY Associated Press

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 640 words


WASHINGTON -- Former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy was charged Wednesday with
seeking or accepting more than $35,000 in trips, sports tickets, other favors
and campaign gifts from companies that did business with his agency. He was also
accused of lying and tampering with a witness to cover up.

Espy, indicted on 39 counts by a federal grand jury, joins a handful of Cabinet
secretaries ever charged with wrongdoing, most during the Watergate era. The
indictment portrays him as an official who persistently sought favors from large
companies regulated by his agency.

Espy's Washington attorney, Reid Weingarten, said the special prosecutor in the
case had taken ``trivial, personal and entirely benign activities and attempted
to distort them into criminal acts.'' Espy himself has consistently denied any
wrongdoing. His law office in Jackson, Miss., said he was not available for
comment.

The indictment did not contend that Espy had given any of the companies --
including such agribusiness giants as Tyson Food Inc. and Sun Diamond Growers of
California -- favorable treatment in return for the gifts. ``A quid pro quo is
not required'' to prove he violated the law, said independent counsel Donald C.
Smaltz.

But it did charge that Espy, who resigned from the Clinton administration in
1994 after Smaltz began his investigation, ``solicited, received and accepted
gifts'' for himself, his girlfriends and his family from companies that were
regulated by the Agriculture Department or regularly did business with it.

The favors included illegal campaign contributions to his brother's failed
congressional campaign in Mississippi, the indictment said.

Espy also ``attempted to conceal his actions by lying to a USDA inspector
general representative, by lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and by
lying to the Executive Office of the President,'' Smaltz said.

Espy was charged with mail and wire fraud, accepting illegal gratuities and
violations of the Meat Inspection Act for taking gifts from companies regulated
under that law.

The indictment charges that Espy directed an aide to solicit National Basketball
Association championship playoff tickets from the chairman of Quaker Oats Co.
and that he subsequently lied to the FBI about where he got them.

He is also accused of failing to report trips and gifts on the financial
disclosure form that top government officials are required to file each year.

The trips included two that he and a friend, Patricia Dempsey, took to a
National Football League game in Dallas and to the U.S. Open tennis tournament
in New York City. The couple was provided with limousines both times.

The Dallas trip was paid for by a lobbyist for Tyson Foods Inc. Sun Diamond paid
$4,200 for tickets to the tennis tournament and $2,427 for a set of luggage for
the New York trip, the indictment said.

The counts carry maximum penalties of more than 100 years in prison.

If convicted of witness tampering alone, Espy could be sentenced up to 10 years
in prison. That count accuses Espy of ordering a department employee to alter a
document to conceal that Tyson lobbyist Jack L. Williams paid for the trip to
Dallas in 1994 for an NFL playoff game.

Espy is accused of ordering the deletion of references to Tyson chairman Don
Tyson, Dempsey and the football game from an itinerary of the Dallas trip that
had been requested by the USDA's inspector general.

Tyson has acknowledged that it is a target of the investigation but denies that
it committed any crimes.

James Blair, the company's general counsel, said prosecutors would not be able
to prove that Espy ``took illegal favors from Tyson Foods.''

``I don't believe that, because I don't believe it happened,'' Blair said.

Asked about the company's statement, Smaltz said: ``I'm sure Tyson's will have
its day in court sometime in the not-too-distant future.''

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ESPY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1997 The Durham Herald Co.


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

WASHINGTON: Bipartisan Group of Senators Launches Whistleblower Protection
Caucus

LENGTH: 637  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs has issued the
following press release:

[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, a bipartisan group of senators today launched the Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative
issues affecting the treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse
for current information on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.
It will also coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need
of assistance in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation
allegations.

The founding members of the Whistleblower protection Caucus are senators Chuck
Grassley of Iowa (chairman), Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice-chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation. Some of them have already been
targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the environment for
whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step forward when they
encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip our Senate
colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who play a vital
role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct," Grassley said.

"Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant. That's been true for a long time and there
is no better proof than whistleblowers who shine a light where others have not.
Sadly, instead of being rewarded for speaking out, whistleblowers often face
retaliation and serious career threats for doing what's right, what's necessary
and for exposing practices that waste tax dollars and even risk public safety.
We are all better off when whistleblowers can step forward without fear. That's
what this Caucus is designed to foster and it's why I'm pleased to join Sen.
Grassley and my colleagues in this effort," Wyden said.

"As the author of the Military Whistleblower Protection Act, I am proud to join
Senators Grassley and Wyden as a founding member of the bipartisan Whistleblower
Protection Caucus. I look forward to continuing to build on past efforts to
protect whistleblowers from harassment and retaliation," Boxer said.

"The size and scope of the federal government have grown far beyond the ability
of Congress to provide oversight on its own. Whistleblowers who courageously
expose waste, fraud and abuse are performing an incredibly important service to
their fellow citizens. They deserve all the protection from retaliation that
Congress can provide," Johnson said.

"Too often whistleblowers who simply tell the truth end up risking their jobs,
or in terrible circumstances, even their own well-being to shine a light on
possible safety or security violations. We must do everything we can to ensure
whistleblowers are protected and are not subjected to harassment or retaliation
for serving as modern-day Paul Reveres. I thank Senators Grassley and Wyden for
their leadership convening this caucus and look forward to working with my
colleagues to support whistleblowers who come forward when issues arise," Markey
said.

"I look forward to working with my colleagues on initiatives that preserve the
liberties of individuals who bring professional and ethical misconduct to light
- moral courage that can  oftentimes come at great personal cost," Tillis said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             March 9, 2004 Tuesday

Reliant expects to be indicted;
Company faces accusations in 2000 California energy crisis.

BYLINE: By ANDREW GALVIN, The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 364 words


Reliant Resources Inc. said Monday that it expects to be indicted for allegedly
manipulating electricity prices during California's crisis in 2000.

The Houston-based company, which owns five power plants in California, reached a
settlement last year with federal regulators.

Reliant agreed to pay $13.8 million to California utilities because it withheld
power for two days in June 2000.

Southern California Edison protested the settlement, saying the fine was less
than Reliant's profits from the alleged manipulation.

Reliant said it was notified Friday that the U.S. Attorney's Office in San
Francisco intends to seek a criminal indictment against subsidiary Reliant
Energy Services Inc.

Reliant said it understands that the indictment will be based on the same
allegations settled with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

Reliant didn't admit any wrongdoing in the FERC settlement.

If an indictment is handed up, it would be the first against any company for
alleged wrongdoing during the California crisis.

Some employees also may face criminal charges, Reliant said.

Three former Enron Corp. traders have been charged with wire fraud in connection
with manipulation of California power prices. Two pleaded guilty, and a third,
John Forney, is awaiting trial in October.

The FERC previously released transcripts of telephone conversations in which
Reliant traders allegedly discussed plans to withhold power from the California
market.

In the transcripts, one unnamed Reliant trader told another that his team lost
$3 million that week in June 2000 after the ``market just fell out of bed.''

``We decided as a group that we were going to make it go back up, so we turned
like almost every plant off,'' the trader said. ``It worked. Prices went back
up.''

Reliant withheld power by shutting down plants for unneeded repairs, FERC said
at the time of the settlement.

Shortly after the FERC settlement was announced in January 2003, Southern
California Edison filed a protest, saying the accord didn't account for the
potential impact of Reliant's alleged manipulation on forward markets for
electricity.

The Associated Press

contributed to this report.

(714) 796-6045 or agalvin@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 14, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

PSC putting teeth in rules on gas customer 'slamming'

BYLINE: Matthew C. Quinn, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 533 words

The Public Service Commission moved Thursday to strengthen regulations against
unauthorized switching of natural gas accounts and scheduled proceedings on
"slamming" involving one marketing company.

The commission scheduled a vote Tuesday on proposed new regulations to add
record-keeping and sign-up verification safeguards to existing anti-slamming
rules that cover unregulated marketing companies.

The commission has received 2,569 complaints about "slamming'' --- the illegal
switching of service without the consumer's authorization --- since late 1998,
when Georgia's natural gas deregulation began.

The commission has scheduled for March 9 a hearing on "slamming'' allegations
involving Roswell-based Peachtree Natural Gas, which declared bankruptcy Oct. 26
and has since sold its 171,800 customer accounts to Houston-based Shell Energy
Services for $ 19.3 million.

Peachtree has told the commission that up to 7,800 of those customers "were most
likely intentionally slammed by a person who was a temporary employee and
contractor" for the company, the PSC said in its scheduling order.

The PSC said, however, that Peachtree "is responsible for the conduct" of its
agents and "created an environment that facilitated the slamming of customers"
by failing to supervise its agents and by offering them commissions for new
accounts.

Deborah Latham, Peachtree's president at the time of the alleged violations,
denied any wrongdoing by the company.

She noted it was Peachtree that brought the irregularities to the commission's
attention. "I am 100 percent convinced that once an on-site investigation is
done, we will be fully exonerated of any liability and be seen as the victim,''
said Latham, who recently resigned as a company officer.

The PSC said if violations are proved, Peachtree could be fined up to $ 15, 000
per offense and $ 10,000 for each day they continued.

On another issue, the commission scheduled a vote Tuesday on rules for refunding
an estimated $ 34 million to the 1.4 million Atlanta Gas Light Co. customers who
purchased gas from the utility before deregulation was completed Nov. 1. The
money was "overcollected'' when the company billed customers on the basis of
estimated wholesale gas costs.

The PSC staff recommended refunds of $ 25.41 per customer. The refunds would
appear in April as credits on customers' bills, now issued by marketers.

Lauren "Bubba'' McDonald Jr., chairman of the PSC's energy committee, said he
was not inclined to grant a request from Georgia Natural Gas Services, the
leading marketer, to deduct unspecified administrative costs for handling the
refunds. The commission might be willing to consider a "minute amount" to
compensate the marketers for their expense in processing the credits, he said.

The proposed new anti-slamming rules would require marketers to confirm
enrollment of a customer by either written authorization, orally or
electronically through a dedicated toll-free number or through a qualified
independent third party.

Customers would have to be notified within seven business days that their
supplier has changed, and marketers would be required to keep all records for
one year.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 8, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Sudden Cancellation In Chambers's Hearing

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 182 words


Amid controversy over the admissibility of allegations of earlier wrongdoing,
the lawyer in Robert Chambers's murder trial withdrew his request for a pretrial
hearing yesterday and said Mr. Chambers would not testify at the trial.

The attorney, Jack T. Litman, said he could not proceed because state Supreme
Court Justice Howard Bell had ruled that the pretrial hearing, would be open to
the public.

It was called to help Justice Bell determine whether charges of wrongdoing in
other cases could be discussed at the trial. Mr. Chambers, 20 years old, is to
be tried for second degree murder in the death of Jennifer Levin, 18, who was
found strangled in Central Park behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Mr. Litman said that unproven allegations about Mr. Chambers would prejudice his
right to a fair trial.

If he were to take the witness stand, Mr. Chambers could be questioned about
previous alleged wrongdoing. Justice Bell said he would have to rule during the
trial each time material the defense is trying to suppress was mentioned. July
17 is the next court date in the case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Lake County District Attorney: 'No wrongdoings' in Santa Rosa woman's jail death

BYLINE: Glenda Anderson, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1558 words


Oct. 28--A Santa Rosa woman incarcerated in the Lake County Jail spent the last
hour of her life tearing her blanket into strips and fiddling with plumbing
fixtures before hanging herself from the sink of a sobering cell, according to a
new report released by the Lake County District Attorney's Office.

The report concluded that Elizabeth Dara Gaunt, 56, died Aug. 2 of
self-inflicted injuries, and District Attorney Don Anderson cleared jail staff
of any wrongdoing in the death. But the woman's friends and family said the
report raises serious questions about the supervision Gaunt received while in
custody.

Sheriff Brian Martin confirmed late Wednesday that one member of the jail staff
involved in Gaunt's care no longer works for the Sheriff's Office -- a detail
not included in the District Attorney's report, which focused on criminal
wrongdoing.

The report stated that jail staff waited about 15 minutes to enter Gaunt's cell
after an officer reported she could see from the cell window that Gaunt
apparently was on the ground. The officer could see Gaunt's feet moving and hear
her making noises, according to the report.

That officer then went to the booking area and asked another officer to check
the video feed of Gaunt's cell.

But it wasn't until 2:24 p.m. that a third officer entered the cell to do a
check and found Gaunt unconscious on the floor, removed the blanket strip from
the sink and attempted CPR, the report found.

Given signs that Gaunt was at risk in the jail, the response by those charged
with her custody fell far short, said Wallace Doolittle, Gaunt's former husband
and a Bay Area attorney.

"They saw her tearing the blanket, they saw her modifying the water faucet
plumbing. They saw her with strips of blanket wrapped around her feet," he said.
"That, to me, is a real red flag."

Martin, the Lake County sheriff, said the jail's policy is to fully ascertain
the welfare of an inmate when it is in question, something that appears not to
have been followed in this case. The Sheriff's Office conducted its own separate
investigation into the death.

"We expect our checks to be adequate to ensure the safety of anyone in our
custody," Martin said Wednesday in a phone interview.

He would not say Wednesday if Katherine Prince, the officer who made the first
of the final pair of checks on Gaunt, at 2:09 p.m., was fired or resigned,
citing state law providing privacy to law enforcement personnel in such cases.
Prince was employed by the Sheriff's Office for six years and her last day was
Oct. 14.

The report released late Tuesday by Anderson summarized the District Attorney
Office's independent investigation of the death. It concluded that jail staff
had "acted appropriately" in their supervision of Gaunt and that her suicide
"was not contributed to, or caused by any member of the Lake County Sheriff's
Department or Correctional Facility personnel."

"No wrongdoings have been found and there shall be no criminal charge filed on
any individual in this matter," the report stated.

Gaunt, a former substance abuse counselor who struggled with addiction to drugs
and alcohol, was taken into custody on the afternoon of Aug. 1 after deputies
responded to a report of a woman in Nice banging on residential yard gates. She
was arrested on suspicion of giving deputies false identification and being
under the influence of a controlled substance, later reported to be a
potentially toxic amount of methamphetamine.

When she was being booked into the Lake County Jail, Gaunt was asked by a deputy
if she wanted to harm her herself and she said "No," the report stated.

The next afternoon, at about 1:44 p.m., less than an hour after she had begun
tearing pieces of her blanket and examining the cell's sink, apparently testing
its strength, she sought to gain a correctional officer's attention, the report
said.

She said something like "Please help me," the report stated, and a sergeant came
to the door to speak with Gaunt, during which time she became agitated and
continued to yell through the door, asking for help. The sergeant, who recalled
Gaunt indicated she did not feel well, told Gaunt to remove the strips of
blanket from her feet and said she reported the interaction to the on-duty
nurse, according to the report.

Anderson said in an interview Wednesday it is not unusual for inmates to shred
their blankets. The bedding often is already in poor condition because inmates
damage it, he said, using the scraps for shoes and scarves -- a practice that
turns them into contraband and means such items should be confiscated, he said.

Martin said he could not comment on why the fabric strips were not seized from
Gaunt. He said changes are being made in the jail to prohibit the use of
blankets in such poor condition.

According to the report, at 1:52 p.m., the nurse walked up to Gaunt's cell door
and then walked away after making a log entry. A minute later, the nurse
obtained contact information from Gaunt for her ex-husband and son.

But for the next 16 minutes, jail staff had no reported interaction with Gaunt,
Anderson's office found. Video footage of her cell, reviewed after her death,
show Gaunt talking to herself and taking a strip of blanket, tying one end to
the sink nozzle and wrapping the other end around her neck, according to the
report.

She then lay down between the toilet and wall, which blocked most of her body
from the camera, Anderson said. Based on what they surmised during the death
investigation, she tied a knot in the end that was around her neck, according to
the report. She struggled for a short time, then turned on to her left side.

Anderson said the first officer to spot Gaunt on the ground -- Prince, in the
2:09 p.m. check through the cell window -- wasn't alarmed because it's not
unusual for inmates to lie on the floor.

Prince could see Gaunt's feet moving and hear her making noises, but her head
and most of her torso were hidden by a wall aimed at giving inmates privacy in
the bathroom area, Anderson said.

The subsequent check of a live video feed from Gaunt's cell also was limited in
what it showed at the time, Anderson said. Gaunt would have been visible to the
camera only from about the hips down once she leaned down below the wall, he
said.

Doolittle said that based on the report's timeline, it is likely Gaunt was dead
or dying when the officer observed her at 2:09 p.m. Online forensic sites say
the amount of time it takes to die from a "suspension" hanging like Gaunt's can
vary, but can take place in two to four minutes.

The officer "either really didn't do that cell check at 2:09 or did a cursory
glance," Doolittle said.

Anderson said he can't explain the discrepancy, but said there can be muscle
movement following death and that could be what jail staff observed.

The follow-up cell check at 2:24 p.m. led to the emergency response, including
the attempt to revive Gaunt.

Paramedics arrived at 2:36 p.m. and provided treatment. Gaunt was taken to the
Lakeside Hospital, where she was pronounced dead at 3:12 p.m.

Dane Shikman, Gaunt's son, said he was flying home from a trip out of the
country on Aug. 2 when he received a text from his father, saying his mother had
been located in jail, several days after a neighbor reported her missing.

But the following day, two police officers arrived at his door to notify him of
his mother's death.

Gaunt was an intelligent woman but her life was marred by drug and alcohol
abuse, and by mental illness, friends and family said.

"She struggled with substance abuse, as do tens of millions of Americans, but
she was brilliant and goofy and compassionate beyond measure," Shikman said.
"She was always laughing and always loving, and she dedicated her entire life to
being a good mom and a great public servant."

The daughter of psychiatrists, she had a master's degree in counseling and had
been a well-respected substance abuse counselor in Sonoma County for many years,
he said.

She had been clean and sober for up to seven years at a time, but apparently
began slipping again sometime after her son left for college six years ago. She
also developed physical ailments that prevented her from working, said Richard
Shikman, a San Francisco attorney and the father of her son.

Both men said she had never voiced any desire to kill herself.

"In my wildest dreams, I didn't think she would pass away in jail," Richard
Shikman said. "I was real shocked. It could have been avoided."

The men, along with Gaunt's ex-husband, said they would push for additional
information about Gaunt's care and supervision in jail.

"I want a complete picture" of events, Dane Shikman said. "The report raises
serious questions about whether the staff could have prevented the incident."

Sheriff Martin said he's sorry for the family's loss and is taking steps to
prevent deaths in the future. He noted that jails now commonly house people with
mental health and substance abuse problems and must make sure those people are
as safe as possible until society sees fit to provide funding for more
appropriate treatment venues.

"It's a societal thing," he said.

You can reach Staff Writer Glenda Anderson at 462-6473 or
glenda.anderson@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @MendoReporter.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151028-UR-Lake-County-District-Attorney-No-wrongdoings
-in-Santa-Rosa-woman-s-jail-death-1028-20151028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Kyodo News International (Tokyo, Japan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

TSE plans to introduce fines on listed firms to deter wrongdoings

BYLINE: Kyodo News International, Tokyo

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


Jan. 4--TOKYO -- The Tokyo Stock Exchange is planning to introduce fines on
listed companies in order to help deter such wrongdoings as falsification of
financial statements, informed sources said Thursday.

Fines may be imposed on companies that release false financial statements
including earnings, major shareholders and other key corporate data, they said.

Other wrongdoings such as bid-rigging practices could also become subject to
fines, they said.

Under the present rules, the TSE can delist companies involved in serious
wrongdoings. In other cases, it can request practice improvement reports from
such companies, transfer the firms to the supervision post or issue warnings to
them.

The TSE is considering a temporary suspension of trading in shares of companies
involved in wrongdoings as well as fines on them, the sources said.

The move comes after a number of corporate wrongdoings came out last year. In
one of the latest developments, Nikko Cordial Corp. in December admitted to
having padded earnings for the year to March 2005. Late last month, the Fukuoka
Stock Exchange decided to delist Misawa Homes Kyushu Co. for falsified financial
statements.

To see more of Kyodo News International, go to http://www.kyodonews.com
Copyright (c) 2007, Kyodo News International, Tokyo Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070104-KY-STOCK-EXCHG-FINES-20070104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KY


                    Copyright 2007 Kyodo News International


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                          June, 2000 Northeast Edition

Proposed Legislation Hammered Out By ERC Fellows Group Would Protect
Whistleblowers, Results Of Compliance Efforts

BYLINE: MIKE MOORE; Mike Moore is Managing Editor, BNA/ACCA Compliance Manual:
Prevention of Corporate Liability.

SECTION: CONSULTANTS CORNER; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 2873 words


Efforts to persuade corporations to adopt rigorous programs to prevent and
detect violations of law have made tremendous strides in the past decade, but
the compliance movement continues to be afflicted with a debilitating Achilles
heel: the lack of solid guarantees that information developed through compliance
systems will not come back to haunt companies and whistleblowers.

Now, in a bid to jump-start the process of addressing this problem, a group of
compliance experts from the private and public sectors has developed several
legislative models designed to plug holes in the law that hamper efforts to
unearth and punish misconduct and correct the conditions that allow it to occur.

In a report released last May, "Employee Confidentiality and Non-Retributory
Reporting Systems," members of the Ethics Resource Center's Fellows Program and
several collaborators carefully examined the reasons that tend to deter
employees from reporting suspected wrongdoing and discourage companies from
thoroughly scrutinizing their operations for misconduct. They then offered four
thoughtfully crafted possible legislative solutions to the conundrum.

Companies' Dilemma

Presenting their proposals at the Ethics Officer Association's annual meeting
last fall in Washington, D.C., several ERC Fellows and their colleagues
explained that their efforts were meant to address the dilemma faced by
organizations that want to do the right thing but fear that efforts to examine
themselves closely for misconduct could expose them to liability.

According to Paula Desio, editor of the report and deputy general counsel with
the U.S. Sentencing Commission, the group did not want merely to come up with a
law review article that would offer theoretical solutions to the puzzle.
Instead, she said, the members chose to develop model legislation that would
have immediate applicability.

Desio explained that the subcommittee framed the problem as a riddle: "When
should the truth be concealed, so a truth will be revealed?"

The group's response, she said, was: When it is necessary to "protect the
confidentiality of good-faith reporting in the context of compliance and ethics
programs."

The fundamental quandary is that corporate employees and other stakeholders such
as agents and vendors may possess information that the organization wants. To
encourage reporting, the company promises them confidentiality. However, as a
result of the potential evidentiary demands of both law enforcement and civil
litigation, it is forced to qualify those promises of confidentiality.

What results is a "chilling effect," Desio observed. To counteract these
pressures, the ERC Fellows subcommittee resolved to define the issues from the
perspective of compliance and ethics officers who have to grapple with the
issues in real life, and to support the development of new privileges that would
protect the good-faith use of compliance programs to discover and report
suspected wrongdoing, she said.

Desio noted that courts consider new privileges on a case-by-case basis and
legislatures can create them as well.  "It's not a hopeless cause," she
declared.

Desio also cited various policy justifications favoring new privileges:


* Many federal and state statutes require self-reporting, and companies need
their employees to inform them of wrongdoing.


* The U.S. Sentencing Guidelines require that organizations promote a
non-retributory system for reporting misconduct.


* The Department of Health and Human Services, the Environmental Protection
Agency, and other agencies have adopted compliance models that encourage
voluntary reporting.


* "The federal government is saying, 'Tell us your sins,' " Desio noted. If that
is indeed the government's policy, the working group concluded, then the
government needs to do something to help support it, she said.

Corporate management has a "vested interest" in the creation of such a
privilege, Desio continued. If people report wrongdoing early, she pointed out,
a company may be able to:


* avoid having an employee blow the whistle to the press;


* save money;


* avoid the involvement of law enforcement or protracted litigation; and


* boost employee morale.

Similarly, Desio asserted, the government also has a vested interest in seeing
that a privilege is enacted. Protecting internal reports of wrongdoing via a
privilege:


* fosters deterrence and prevention of corporate wrongdoing;


* promotes the policy of encouraging compliance programs; and


* helps "actualize the partnership" that the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines envision
between corporations and the government.

Averting 'Perverse Effects'

Noted compliance expert Joseph E. Murphy, executive vice president with
Compliance Systems Legal Group, Haddonfield, N.J., said in an interview that
corporate counsel and anyone else involved in corporate compliance should be
concerned about the risks addressed by the ERC Fellows' effort.

"If the government goes after a company and uses against it its own good faith
compliance efforts, that could have disastrous effects on compliance efforts
everywhere," he warned. "We should all be taking steps to prevent such perverse
effects from happening."

It is ironic that the most steadfast opponents of such legislation_the
enforcement community_have the most to gain, Murphy observed. Actively promoting
and protecting effective self-policing programs "will result in more determined
efforts by companies to prevent and detect misconduct," he pointed out. "There
will be improved compliance, and greater willingness of companies to voluntarily
disclose wrongdoing when they become aware of it."

"Enforcement efforts will only gain, not languish, in such an environment,"
Murphy asserted.

Model 1: The Innocent Source

The most modest proposal, the "Reporting Source Protection Act," seeks to
encourage employees and outside organizations to come forward with information
about lawbreaking by minimizing the possibility that anyone_inside or outside
the organization_will discover their identity.

Under Model 1, which the ERC Fellows liken to the "confidential informant
privilege" available to law enforcement, a source's identity could not be
divulged in any criminal, civil, administrative, or legislative proceeding or
hearing. However, the substance of the communication would not be shielded from
discovery. Furthermore, the source could decide unilaterally to divulge his own
identity. As with the CI privilege, the Reporting Source Protection Act would
allow investigators to corroborate the source's information by developing
independent evidence.

A participant in the wrongdoing would not be eligible for anonymity under Model
1. Additionally, the company's inhouse reporting system would have to have been
used in good faith.

Under this proposed legislation, the company would be able to assert the
privilege on behalf of the individual who reported the problem. Only the source
could waive it. A source whose identity eventually was revealed in contravention
of the privilege would not be able to sue the company for the mistake.

Discussing Model 1 at the EOA meeting, ERC Fellow Paul Fiorelli, professor of
legal studies, Xavier University's Williams College of Business, Cincinnati,
called it a "modest" but "essential" first step to protecting a source's
anonymity.

The costs of this approach are small and the benefits palpable, Fiorelli
asserted. "By creating a safety zone where innocent employees feel free to
report wrongdoing without the fear of formal or informal retaliation, employees
will feel more free to come forward with information about misconduct," he
explained.

Moreover, Fiorelli said this privilege would get information about wrongdoing
"into the system sooner, and when management takes immediate corrective action,
everyone's better off."

Model 2: The Neutral Office

The second model devised by the ERC Fellows, the "Neutral Offices
Confidentiality Act," is intended to encourage whistleblowers to use corporate
"neutral offices" such as the ombuds office. It would cloak the identity of a
reporting source with confidentiality, like Model 1, but only if the report was
submitted to the company's neutral office.

Significantly, the neutral office would be authorized only to receive
information about illicit behavior, and could not conduct any investigation into
the matter. Company officers would not be eligible for appointment to the
office. An investigation would commence if and when the source reported the
matter to the compliance office.

Model 2 would expand upon the reach of the privilege by shielding the substance
of the communication as well as the reporting source's identity. However, the
report makes clear, the underlying substance of the source's communication would
not be protected from discovery "in the normal course." That is, litigants could
still obtain the substance of the communication from original sources, but they
would have to do their own legwork. Waiver would require the consent of both the
source and the company.

Model 3: The Participant Source

Model 3, the "Participant Source Protection Act," would establish a privilege
akin to that created in Model 1, but it would enlarge the universe of protected
sources to those who actually participated in the wrongdoing. It also would
protect the contents of the communication so long as the report was made via the
company's inhouse reporting system.

The report recites several policy reasons for extending protection to those who
blow the whistle on misconduct but lack "clean hands" themselves:


* It would enable the company and the government to find out about the
wrongdoing sooner and in greater detail, and to take steps to head off further
harm.


* It would enable the company to take non-retaliatory measures, such as
reassignment, to avert further misconduct by the source.


* It would help the organization learn about shortcomings in its operations or
compliance systems that it otherwise might never have discovered.

This model would make it harder to punish a participant source, the report
concedes, but independent evidence of the source's misconduct would provide a
basis for imposing discipline. The only information protected by Model 3 would
be the source's identity, the fact that he or she provided the report of
misbehavior, and the actual contents of the report.

Kenneth W. Johnson, of Organizational Ethics, told the EOA audience that this
model is "kind of like the nogoodnik protection act."

Johnson noted that tension exists between two of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines
criteria for an effective compliance program: "Step 6" says an organization must
impose appropriate discipline on errant employees, but "Step 7" says it is
essential for a company to learn of illegal activity. He wondered, "Which is
more important? It's a values dilemma here."

Coming down on the side of offering confidentiality to reports from participant
sources, Johnson posited a situation in which an employee who has participated
in misconduct has a guilty conscience and the company would never know of the
wrongdoing if the participant doesn't come forward. According to Johnson, the
company could learn several valuable things from such an employee:


* The standards the organization has in place may be inadequate.


* The standards might not be communicated effectively.


* The company may have the wrong people in the wrong places.


* The right person may need more training to do the job well.


* Monitoring and auditing systems may be inadequate.

Therefore, on balance, it would seem to be preferable for the organization to
elicit this information in order to cure the problem sooner rather than later,
while remaining able to discipline the source if it can prove the wrongdoing
independently, Johnson suggested. And if the source's misconduct can't be proven
independently, at least the company has learned a great deal about the
effectiveness of its compliance program.

Model 4: Self-Evaluative Privilege

The fourth legislative model embodies the "holy grail" long pursued by
compliance and ethics officers: a self-evaluative privilege for information
developed by way of auditing and monitoring systems that are part of a formal
compliance program.

Unlike the other models, which focus primarily on shielding the identity and
communications of a reporting source, the proposed "Good Faith Compliance
Program Immunity Act" would protect all of a company's compliance or ethics
efforts. Model 4 insulates compliance program activities from being discovered
or used against the company in litigation, and offers immunity from civil
liability for actions taken in good faith under the compliance program.

"In effect," the Fellows report explains, " if the compliance program is
undertaken in good faith, it may not be exploited by adversaries in litigation,
including any use in discovery or evidence."

The impetus for this model is a concern that corporations are leery of
thoroughly probing their own operations for wrongdoing lest either the
government or civil litigants use the fruits of their labors against them.
Attempts to gain judicial recognition of a common-law privilege of this sort
have had only limited success, and many commentators feel that pushing for
legislation is a better tack.

Under Model 4, all records, reports, and other materials generated through the
good faith use of a compliance program, and all actions taken pursuant to such a
program, "shall be immune from discovery and from any use against any
organization" in any criminal, civil, administrative, or legislative proceeding,
with certain limitations.

To guard against abuse of the privilege, there would be an opportunity for in
camera review by a magistrate to ensure that the organization did have a
legitimate compliance program and that it was not used as a ruse to facilitate
or conceal lawbreaking. If the magistrate were to find that the program was
abused in this way, the privilege would be unavailable and the matter would be
referred to the authorities for an investigation into possible obstruction of
justice.

This model would abrogate the usual rule that divulging a portion of
confidential information operates as a waiver as to all of it. According to the
report, "[o]nly subversion of the Good Faith Program would operate as a full
waiver." So long as the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines criteria for an effective
compliance program were satisfied, "use of the existence of a Good Faith Program
to avoid prosecution would act only as a limited waiver for that particular
proceeding, and only to the extent put in issue by the defendant."

Joe Murphy stressed at the EOA meeting that the central objective of Model 4 is
protecting the organization, not the reporting source.  Under this model, Murphy
explained, ethics officers would no longer face the prospect of being the
primary targets of depositions in litigation against the company.

"This is not an open-ended type of provision," he stressed. "It only provides
protection for companies that in fact have effective programs."

This model is not based on confidentiality and would not create a "privilege,"
Murphy emphasized. Rather, its thrust is preventing the use of material
generated through the compliance program against the company. The proposal is
based on the notion that a company that institutes a compliance program "should
not subsequently have to regret having made that decision," he observed.

Under this model, Murphy made clear, the company must have made a "full
commitment to having an effective compliance program to prevent and detect
violations." Additionally, it must correct and remediate any type of misconduct.

"There's no free pass under this," he declared.  The Fellows had a reason for
avoiding the creation of a "privilege" in this model, Murphy said. "Part of the
focus here is not to get people to treat their compliance programs as secrets,"
he explained. "Rather, it's to encourage companies to, in effect, publicize the
use of programs."

"The best use I see of an internal audit, or a review of your hotline, or the
knowledge you gain from disciplinary cases is actually having the advantage of
that knowledge, publicize it, and make sure everyone knows about it," he said.

What's Next?

In additional remarks at the EOA meeting, Murphy suggested that the best game
plan at the outset for proponents of the ERC Fellows proposals might be to lobby
state legislatures.

This strategy has worked before, he told BNA. For instance, the medical
community went this route in winning protection for medical peer reviews.
Moreover, industry representatives seeking protection for the fruits of
environmental compliance audits found early success in the states.

According to Murphy, "everyone involved in compliance and business ethics"
should be pushing for such protective measures. "We who do this compliance work
cannot afford to be corporately introspective," he warned. "We need to be out
front in gaining respect for compliance activities, and pushing government for
the type of recognition that is needed if voluntary compliance efforts are to be
truly effective."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2000 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday

Justice Department Revises Guidelines for Corporate Crime Probes

BYLINE: JOSH GERSTEIN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 799 words


The Justice Department is revising sharply criticized prosecution guidelines for
corporate crime investigations, but the changes do not appear to satisfy many of
those who led a vocal campaign contending that the existing rules were
discouraging corporate officials from holding frank discussions with their
attorneys.

The deputy attorney general, Paul McNulty, announced the changes yesterday in
Manhattan at a conference sponsored by a legal group, Lawyers for Civil Justice.

"The best corporate prosecution is the one that never occurs," Mr. McNulty said,
according to a prepared text released by the Justice Department. "Through
successful corporate compliance efforts, investor harm can be avoided. Corporate
officials must be encouraged to seek legal advice if they are in doubt about the
requirements of the law."

The lightning rod for the battle was a policy issued by one of Mr. McNulty's
predecessors, Larry Thompson, in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom implosions.
The 2002 document, which has come to be known as the Thompson Memorandum, said
prosecutors considering charges against a company could take into account the
firm's willingness to waive attorney-client privilege as well as other factors,
such as whether a company was paying legal fees for employees accused of
wrongdoing.

The new policy says a company's refusal to waive its legal privileges will not
be held against it, although an agreement to do so could help a company avoid
indictment. Payment of legal fees will no longer be a factor, unless there is
evidence of a broader effort to impede an investigation.

Mr. McNulty acknowledged that the changes were made in response to the outcry
from the legal and business communities. Now, he said, the Justice Department
wants lawyers to follow through on their pledge to keep companies in line."We
expect corporate counsel to insist on compliance with the law," he said. "The
American public cannot afford another round of corporate scandals. We rely on
you to help us ensure it does not happen again."

While Mr. McNulty called on corporate lawyers to "stand up" against company
officials engaged in wrongdoing, he stopped short of asking attorneys to report
wrongdoing to law enforcement or the public.

Senator Specter, a Pennsylvania Republican who introduced legislation last week
that would have forbidden federal prosecutors from seeking the contents of
privileged attorney-client materials, had no immediate response to the changes
announced yesterday.

Senator Leahy, a Democrat of Vermont who is to become chairman of the Judiciary
Committee next month, had a lukewarm reaction to the changes. He said he was
pleased that the agency responded to its critics, but he added, "I remain
concerned that, depending on how the new policies are implemented, prosecutors
may still be able to inappropriately consider a corporation's waiver of this
important privilege."

A spokesman for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Peter Lawson, applauded the
changes but said they fall short of resolving all the problems caused by the
existing rules. He said the balancing of companies' rights at the pre-indictment
stage is more critical than that of individual defendants because the charge
itself can be a death knell for a firm. "The indictment's the whole ball of
wax," the spokesman said. "There's essentially no recovery from that."

Mr. Lawson said it was unclear how much benefit would result from the Justice
Department's new position that a company's refusal to waive the privilege
wouldn't be a negative but agreeing to waive the privilege could help a company
escape charges. "It still treats one company more favorably for waiving
attorney-client privilege than one that does not. That's the whole point of
this," he said.

A senior Justice Department official, who spoke with reporters yesterday on
condition of anonymity, said it would have been unrealistic to bar any
consideration of privileged material. "It our mind it just represents a level of
common sense," the official said of the new policy."It would be strange and
frankly not consistent with our experience for a corporation to decide to
provide material considered highly sensitive and highly important and then not
want that to be in the balance as an important factor for them."

The official said his department had "some dispute" with the claims about
widespread prosecutorial intrusions into privileged discussions, but that the
sense that such an assault was under way did seem to have inhibited the work of
corporate lawyers."To some degree here, perception is the reality,"the official
said.

The campaign to change the department's policy drew a motley set of groups,
including the Chamber, the American Bar Association, the American Civil
Liberties Union, and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI's City Hall probes raise questions;
Large number of inquiries concerns some lawmakers

BYLINE: By Phil Fairbanks - NEWS STAFF REPORTERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1270 words


One pleaded guilty to stealing federal funds.

Another admitted helping drug dealers.

Still another stands accused of embezzlement.

All three ran afoul of the law, but they also share one other trait.

They all worked in Buffalo City Hall.

And they are not the only current and former city workers who faced criminal
prosecution. At last count, seven past and present employees have been indicted,
arrested or convicted of federal crimes over the past year.

Even more important perhaps, the prosecutions are the result of five separate
federal investigations.

"It's like an onion," said Steven L. Lanser, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI in Buffalo. "You peel away a layer, dig a little deeper and you find
something new."

And the FBI's work is far from over.

The federal investigation at City Hall is continuing, and one of the focal
points as it moves forward is how the city spends millions of dollars in federal
aid. At the top of the list is money that comes to Buffalo from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

No one is suggesting there's a crime wave at City Hall, but the large number of
federal investigations and prosecutions does raise the eyebrows of lawmakers
here and across the state.

It also prompts the question, why so many?

"We just follow the evidence," said U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. "We
never give any consideration to a person's occupation, job title or economic
status."

It's no secret the FBI paid at least six or seven visits to City Hall last year.

And the results are no secret, either. Two convictions. Two arrests. Three
indictments.

"There's a pattern that I'm concerned about," said Niagara Council Member David
A. Rivera, a retired Buffalo police detective.

Rivera said he'd like to see more controls and oversight at City Hall, but that
some wrongdoing is likely regardless of who's in charge.

Mayor Byron W. Brown, in a prepared statement, said his administration "takes
any allegation of potential wrongdoing seriously."

"It has, in part, been this administration's management and vigilance that has
uncovered some of these situations," the statement said. "As a result, we
discovered what we believed to be suspicious and improper behavior by employees
in the Department of Parking, and forwarded our findings to law enforcement."

Federal authorities stopped well short of saying that the Brown administration
is responsible for all of the wrongdoing.

Instead, some investigators are quick to suggest that many of the recent charges
are due to Hochul's increased emphasis on rooting out public corruption.

It also is clear that City Hall, more than any other local government, is
feeling the heat. And yet, investigators suspect that much of the criminal
activity they've uncovered in recent months has been going on for years.

They acknowledge the large number of City Hall investigations but suggest that,
while there is corruption in city government, there's no evidence that it's more
rampant here than elsewhere.

"This is not exclusive to Buffalo," Lanser said. "If there's money there,
there's the potential for corruption."

It was that emphasis on "following the money" that brought investigators and
prosecutors their biggest catch so far -- the man who for five years spearheaded
Buffalo's development efforts.

Timothy M. Wanamaker stood before a federal judge in December and pleaded guilty
to stealing $30,000 in federal money. He did it by using a city credit card to
pay for personal travel expenses.

Prosecutors said they know of at least 16 instances of Wanamaker illegally using
his city credit card.

The most extravagant of those was a December 2007 trip he made to a conference
in Miami. He stayed two additional days and charged $1,943 in hotel, meal and
rental car expenses to the city.

"It was a serious lapse in judgment," he told U.S. District Judge Richard J.
Arcara in December.

The other big name caught in the federal net is former city lawmaker Brian C.
Davis. He stands accused of embezzling more than $40,000 in federal funds while
serving on the Council.

Prosecutors claim Davis handed out federal aid to local community groups with
the understanding they would transfer some of it back to him and his friends.

Davis has denied the allegations and vowed to take his case to trial.

Unlike most of the investigations at City Hall, which have been separate and
distinct, the FBI's scrutiny of Davis and Wanamaker grew out of the same
investigation.

When it opened, One Sunset was heralded as a much-needed addition to the tony
neighborhood around Gates Circle. When it closed, the restaurant left $160,000
in unpaid government grants and loans and attracted the interest of federal
agents.

It also led the FBI to Davis and Wanamaker.

In the case of the "Loose Change Gang," the FBI's involvement came at the urging
of a City Hall insider, a whistle-blower of sorts.

It was a tip from former Council Member Kevin Helfer, the city's parking
enforcement commissioner, that led to the arrest of parking meter mechanics
James V. Bagarozzo and Lawrence Charles.

The two men are accused of stealing quarters -- Bagarozzo about $210,000 over an
8-year period and Charles $3,300 over the course of a month -- from meters.

It was that same type of tip -- this one from the U.S. Department of
Environmental Protection -- that led to separate charges against two city
inspectors in August.

The inspectors, William Manuszewski and Donald Grzebielucha, were indicted as
part of a failed asbestos removal project at Kensington Heights, a vacant
housing complex on the city's East Side.

"They certified false documents or lied about what they saw," Hochul said at the
time of the indictment.

It was that same type of law enforcement cooperation that led to the
investigation and eventual conviction of a former City Clerk employee.

Regina McCullen admitted issuing a fake birth certificate so an alleged drug
dealer could use a fake name to bypass security at the Buffalo Niagara
International Airport. She was sentenced to two years of probation.

Lanser said the McCullen case, like every other City Hall case, involved a large
number of law enforcement agencies, a sign of the FBI's growing relationship
with local police.

"Every one of those cases was a joint case," Lanser said of the five City Hall
investigations. "At the end of the day, we work as a team."

Along with these investigations there are the pay-to-play allegations unfolding
as part of a $1.4 million civil suit in Buffalo federal court.

A Cleveland housing developer has accused Brown and two others -- Deputy Mayor
Steven M. Casey and Masten Council Member Demone Smith -- of scuttling its East
Side housing project.

The developer claims the three conspired to kill the $12 million project because
it wouldn't hire one of Brown's key political supporters.

The FBI's scrutiny of City Hall is a popular topic among Buffalo politicians,
some of whom have actually tracked its presence at City Hall.

Common Council President Richard A. Fontana said he knows of at least six
instances of federal agents visiting the City Clerk's Office for information. He
said the FBI also visited the Department of Permits and Inspections.

"Working for city government is not an entitlement, it's an honor," Fontana
said.

When asked if there's a culture of laxity at City Hall that might have
contributed to the crimes, the Lovejoy lawmaker said many city employees go
beyond the call of duty.

But there are others, Fontana acknowledged, who think the city could never run
out of money.

"Some people," he said, "feel the city is an open money pit."

News Staff Reporter Aaron Besecker contributed to this report.

email: pfairbanks@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Kirkham/Buffalo News file photo The FBI turned up several
instances of wrongdoing during probes of City Hall last year, and the agency's
work is far from over.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 29, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Columbia/HCA chief open to federal review

BYLINE: Tom Lowry; Steven Findlay

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 718 words


Columbia/HCA Healthcare Chairman and CEO Dr. Thomas Frist Jr.
took over leadership of the nation's largest hospital company
in July when the board of the embattled health care provider ousted
former CEO Rick Scott. Frist talked with USA TODAY reporters Tom
Lowry and Steven Findlay in his Nashville office last week.

Q: Has the federal government unfairly targeted Columbia/HCA
in its probe of Medicare billing fraud?

A: No. The issues being raised by the government are industrywide.
As the largest health care provider in the United States, Columbia/HCA
has to expect to undergo the scrutiny of the government perhaps
to an even greater extent than others.

Q: You have consultants conducting an internal review. Will
you make the results available to the government?

A: So far they have found no systemic problems or wrongdoing.
When we have the full information in hand, I hope we will have
earned the right to request an audience with the Justice Department.
We know we'll need to earn their trust. If our internal review
finds any wrongdoing, we will share that with the government right
away and take corrective action.

Q: Whatever the outcome of the government's probe, does the
system for billing under Medicare need to be overhauled?

A: Yes. There are too many gray areas in a very complex system.
Plus, the procedures are being interpreted and enforced differently
across the country. A ruling in Florida won't necessarily apply
in Utah. Plus, the way the system works undermines public trust.
It requires us, for example, to keep two sets of books, so to
speak.

Q: The allegation has been made that you are now distancing
yourself from past policies but that you were actually quite involved
with what (former CEO) Rick Scott was doing. A: I had no day-to-day
operations responsibility after February 1994 when Columbia merged
with HCA (Hospital Corporation of America). I was a non-working
board member. I welcomed the younger generation of managers and
tried to be a mentor to them. At the same time, I made it clear
that I didn't agree with all that was happening. I would never
have bought $ 1 billion worth of home health care assets. I didn't
agree with the joint ventures with physicians.

Many of my disagreements (with Scott) were about style. There
were many good things that the company and he were doing. There's
no one right way to run a company. But it came to a critical point
earlier this year when the board had to say it's time for a change.

Q: Were you ever personally aware of policies that you thought
might be illegal or pushed the limits of what was legal?

A: No.

Q: Why did Rick Scott get a reported $ 10 million severance
package?

A: We have never confirmed that amount. And I can't legally do
so now. The amount will become known in November.

Q: You said the other day if Mr. Scott is convicted of any
criminal activity associated with the company, the severance package
will be rescinded. How about if the company is found guilty of
fraud or agrees to a fine?

A: That depends on the specifics of the situation. Many hospitals
have paid fines in the past and their CEOs or former CEOs haven't
been turned out or penalized. But if there is any criminal fraud
and abuse that is linked directly to (Scott), the company would
take appropriate actions on his severance package.

Q: You have said you want to change the culture of Columbia/HCA?
But how much do you plan to alter the business strategy, which
was very successful?

A: There's a balancing act there. If we don't change the values
of this company, we won't succeed as a business over the long
term. We must put the patients first and that will in the end
serve the best interests of the stockholders.

Q: Rick Scott set profit margin targets for the company's hospitals.
Will you do that?

A: We will not abandon good business practices. There has to be
return on your capital. But we want now to keep that in perspective.
In the past, there was too much emphasis on profits. It was way
out of proportion.

Q: Columbia/HCA's reputation has plummeted. How do you plan
to improve the company's public image?

A: We will have to earn back the public's trust by doing the right
things. It will probably take several years.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Nancy Lee Andrews for USA TODAY

TYPE: USA TODAY CHAT WITH THE CHIEF

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Port Authority to Pay $400K, Admit Wrongdoing to Settle SEC Charges

BYLINE: Jack Casey

SECTION: ENFORCEMENT Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 921  words


WASHINGTON - The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has agreed to admit
wrongdoing and pay a $400,000 penalty to settle Securities and Exchange
Commission charges that it failed to disclose risks associated with New Jersey
road projects to the investors that bought the bonds to finance them.

The Port Authority is the first municipal issuer to admit wrongdoing in an SEC
enforcement action, according to the SEC. However, James Sottile, the lawyer for
the Port Authority, disputed that characterization in a letter he sent to the
SEC following the announcement of the settlement. He said that the SEC's March
2016 settlement with California's Westlands Water District required a similar
admission from the issuer that its actions had violated securities laws.The
commission found that the Port Authority sold $2.3 billion of bonds to investors
despite internal discussions about whether the projects the bonds were to
finance were beyond the authority's mandate and therefore illegal. The bonds
were consolidated bonds and, according to part of a Port Authority Consolidated
Bond Resolution, could only be issued: for purposes where the authority is
authorized by law to issue bonds at the time of issuance, to refund outstanding
Port Authority bonds, and to serve as a unified medium for refinancing purposes.

The projects related to: the Route 1&9 Pulaski Skyway, Route 139, Route 7
Hackensack River Bridge, and Route 1&9T, all of which are state roadways in New
Jersey.

The SEC said the Port Authority previously acknowledged in a handout at a
meeting that its projects had to be in connection with roads and other
infrastructure located within the Port District and that it historically has not
been able to fund projects that were not part of, and did not bear any
connection to, an existing Port Authority facility.

"The Port Authority represented to investors that it was authorized to issue
bonds while not disclosing significant known risks that its actions were not
legally permitted," said Andrew Calamari, director of the SEC's New York
Regional Office. "Municipal bond issuers must ensure that their disclosures are
complete and accurate so that investors can make fully informed decisions about
whether to invest."

The Port Authority issued a statement stressing that its settlement with the SEC
stipulates that it acted "negligently" in having failed to disclose the risks to
bond purchasers and that there is no finding that it acted willfully or
intentionally. Additionally, no bondholders suffered any loss as a result of the
failure to disclose because the Port Authority did not ultimately use bond
proceeds to fund the roadway projects, it said.

Sottile, in his follow-up letter, additionally said the SEC's press release
mischaracterized the settlement as part of an "ongoing investigation" and an
action that was the result of "wrongdoing" which implies intentional misconduct.
He is asking the SEC to publicly acknowledge that there is not a continuing
investigation and correct its press release as necessary.

SEC officials could not immediately be reached for comment.

The authority said it has "redoubled its efforts to adhere to the highest
standards of accountability, transparency, and ethical conduct." Remedial
actions the SEC took into account in the settlement include the authority's
enhanced procedures around approving capital projects, its retaining and using
outside counsel for all bond offerings, and its hiring of a new permanent
general counsel.

As part of the settlement, the Port Authority will have to retain an independent
consultant that will assess the authority's policies and procedures related to
disclosure and make recommendations for improvements.

The bond offerings in question, which took place between January 2012 and June
2014, trace back to a five-year transportation capital plan that New Jersey Gov.
Chris Christie announced on Jan. 6, 2011. The plan included $1.8 billion in
projects that Christie had asked the Port Authority to pursue along with the New
Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT), according to the settlement.

Following a March 18, 2011 meeting about the idea of pursuing the roadway
projects that a Port Authority executive and two lawyers attended, one of the
lawyers wrote that "having taken a closer look at the projects in question,
there is no clear path" for the Port Authority to legislative authority to
undertake such projects.

However on March 28, the two lawyers said they had determined that they could
link the roadway projects to existing Port Authority authorization under
legislation involving the Lincoln Tunnel because it could be argued that all the
roadways the projects covered approached and fed into the Lincoln Tunnel. But
they added that their conclusion was "not without doubt" and gave rise to risk
of a successful challenge by bondholders and investors.

When the Port Authority's Board of Commissioners met the next day to approve the
projects, they were not told of the legal issues that might accompany the
projects, the SEC found. Additionally, the Port Authority's official statements
for its issues related to the projects in January 2012, December 2012, November
2013, and June 2014 never disclosed the risks, according to the SEC.

The Port Authority, in its statement on the settlement, maintained that it
always had statutory authority to spend the proceeds on the road projects but
acknowledged the SEC's finding that it acted negligently in not disclosing the
qualifying language and risks to bond purchasers.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bureaucratic Finger-Pointing Impedes Connecticut's Inquiry Into Enron Deal

BYLINE:  By PAUL ZIELBAUER

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 920 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, June 19


Connecticut's piece of the Enron scandal a murky financial deal with the state
trash authority that caused the largest loss of tax dollars in state history --
has drawn outrage and nearly unanimous criticism, from town leaders to the
governor. But the state's effort to determine whether the loss included any
criminal wrongdoing has gone nowhere, bogged down by bureaucratic
finger-pointing and official inaction.

Though the trash-to-energy deal between Enron and the Connecticut Resources
Recovery Authority cost the authority nearly $200 million, lawmakers and some
state officials here say they have been frustrated by the lack of interest,
authority and political will for a criminal investigation of the matter.

"No prosecutor appears to be willing to investigate political corruption in
Connecticut," said Michael P. Lawlor, a Democratic state representative and a
co-chairman of the Legislature's Judiciary Committee. "People are looking for a
reason for not looking."

"Assuming there is a scandal here," he said, "it's hard to imagine there's a
bigger one. If this doesn't warrant extraordinary proceedings at the state
level, what would?"

Not every agency has been loath to act. Several weeks ago, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the United States attorney's office began their own inquiry,
and this week the state attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, who is conducting
his own civil investigation, said there were "strong indications of criminal
wrongdoing," both at the state and federal levels. But the federal inquiry,
conducted in secret, is focused only on potential federal crimes, not state
offenses, and given the federal agencies' priorities since the September terror
attacks, it is uncertain how rigorously they can pursue the Connecticut case.

Frustration with the response to the Enron deal in Connecticut has been building
up since February, when Mr. Blumenthal, a Democrat, issued a preliminary report
concluding that the Enron transaction -- a $220 million payment in March 2001 --
was a deliberately disguised illegal loan. Enron and the trash authority say
that it was a legitimate energy transaction and that the money disappeared in
the company's collapse.

Since then, state lawmakers, including Mr. Lawlor and George C. Jepsen, the
leader of the Democratic majority in the Senate, have declined to issue
subpoenas or compel sworn testimony to determine who is responsible for the lost
tax dollars.

It would be seen as overtly, perhaps unjustifiably, political, they said, even
though the Enron scandal could give underdog Democratic candidates for governor
-- Mr. Jepsen among them -- a powerful tool against Gov. John G. Rowland, a
popular two-term Republican incumbent, in November's elections.

Mr. Rowland appointed many members of the trash agency's board, and his co-chief
of staff, Peter Ellef, was board chairman until March, when Mr. Rowland
responded to growing questions about his knowledge of the Enron deal by
dismissing Mr. Ellef.

"Anybody with any kind of judicial, legislative or political interest in this
state could make many meals of this issue," said Todd D. Fernow, a professor of
law and director of the Criminal Law Clinic at the University of Connecticut. "I
would have expected that the investigation would be relentless from everybody
and anybody that had a point of view on this. I'm a little surprised that it
hasn't been on the front burner from Day 1."

On April 26, letters signed by Mr. Lawlor and 68 other Democratic
representatives went to Connecticut's chief court administrator, Joseph H.
Pellegrino, and chief state's attorney, John M. Bailey Jr., asking each to
petition a state grand jury to investigate whether the trash agency's lump-sum
payment to Enron had violated state law.

Mr. Pellegrino forwarded the request to Mr. Bailey on May 8, explaining that it
would be improper for the chief court administrator to request a grand jury
without conducting his own investigation.

Since then, Mr. Bailey, a Democrat, has not responded to Mr. Lawlor or Mr.
Pellegrino.

William E. Curry Jr., a Democrat and former state comptroller who is now running
for governor, also wrote to the Hartford state's attorney, James Thomas,
requesting a grand jury investigation. Mr. Thomas declined to take any action.

Since January, Mr. Blumenthal has used subpoenas liberally to collect thousands
of pages of records from both sides in the Enron scandal. Despite urgings from
Mr. Lawlor and other officials, however, Mr. Bailey has not opened a criminal
inquiry. In three telephone interviews, he and his staff offered conflicting
reasons.

Last week, Mr. Bailey said Mr. Blumenthal had refused to share his Enron files,
a charge Mr. Blumenthal denied. On Tuesday, Mr. Bailey said that he had finally
received permission to look at the files, and that there might be a grand jury.

Later Tuesday, Mr. Bailey's deputy called a reporter back to say that Mr.
Blumenthal's files were indeed available. But while there may well be a criminal
investigation by Mr. Bailey's office, the deputy, Christopher Morano, said Mr.
Bailey might wait until Mr. Blumenthal's investigation was complete and then
petition for a grand jury, to surprise their targets with the full power of a
grand-jury subpoena.

Representative Lawlor, among others, dismissed such reasoning, calling it an
excuse to delay.

"I don't think anybody in this process is going to be surprised by a grand jury
investigation," he said. "I think everybody is lawyered up and waiting for a
knock on the door."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      May 22, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Merrill Lynch agrees to pay $100M: Hopes monetary apology will restore faith in
firm's advice

SOURCE: AP

SECTION: Business; Pg. G8

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: Albany, N.Y.

Merrill Lynch & Co. has agreed to pay $100 million to settle allegations that
the firm's analysts misled investors with their stock ratings so the company
could win lucrative investment banking fees.

Merrill Lynch said Tuesday it will make the payment to New York state, which has
been investigating the matter, and to all the other states provided they all
accept it.

America's biggest brokerage firm also agreed to structural reforms to assure
that its stock analysts work independently from the firm's investment bankers.

Merrill Lynch also apologized.

"This agreement changes the way Wall Street will operate, severing the
compensation link between the research and banking divisions that tainted
investment advice," New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer told a news
conference.

Under the settlement, Merrill Lynch analysts will no longer be paid with money
generated by investment banking.

A chief concern of critics has been that analysts have been rewarded for the
investment banking business they bring in, instead of having compensation tied
to the quality of their stock research.

Spitzer said he hopes other Wall Street firms will consider the settlement with
Merrill a model for similar agreements.

Merrill Lynch said the agreement "represents neither evidence nor admission of
wrongdoing or liability," which fell short of Spitzer's initial insistence on an
admission of wrongdoing.

Dozens of lawsuits have been filed on behalf of investors who say they lost
money because of Merrill Lynch stock recommendations, and the lack of an
admission of wrongdoing will make it more difficult for them to win large
settlements.

"It would have in essence been a death warrant for the company to admit
liability," Spitzer said.

David Komansky, Merrill Lynch's chief executive, acknowledged at a separate New
York news conference that the investigation and its revelations have hurt the
image of the company but said he does not believe the firm lost much business as
a result. "I think we'll be able to regain the confidence of the investing
public," he said.

In afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Merrill shares were up 2.4
per cent.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: AP; New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer
addresses a New York news conference on Tuesday.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 30, 2001 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Trenton Seeks Land Records In Trash Deal

BYLINE:  By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 976 words


The New Jersey attorney general's office has subpoenaed records relating to a
lucrative land deal central to New York City's plan to export its trash, an
agreement that would benefit a trash hauler barred from doing business in New
York City and the family of the mayor of Linden.

No one to date has publicly alleged any wrongdoing related to the deal, a
proposal to build a sprawling trash transfer station in Linden, just across the
Arthur Kill from Staten Island. And state officials in New Jersey would not say
specifically what had prompted the inquiry into the plan for the station, where
New York City intends to send half its daily residential trash before it is
carried by rail to distant landfills.

But the mayor of Linden, John T. Gregorio, and a lawyer representing Mr.
Gregorio's son-in-law, who is a part owner of the land, confirmed yesterday that
they had been given until Monday to turn over documents related to the deal.

"Anyone is welcome to look into it," Mayor Gregorio said. He said he was
confident the inquiry would find no wrongdoing.

The Linden transfer station is a critical piece of New York City's effort to
close the Fresh Kills landfill this year. For now, city contractors are trucking
most of the 12,000 tons a day that once went to Fresh Kills to out-of-state
landfills and incinerators. But the city, at a cost of more than $100 million a
year, wants to hire Allied Waste Industries of Scottsdale, Ariz., to switch at
least half of the load to rail cars for the next 20 or so years, reducing the
cost and the effect on highways and air quality.

Under the proposed deal, Allied would lease 18 acres in Linden, paying a real
estate partnership $1.2 million a month for the land and the city of Linden at
least $1.2 million a year for having the station there.

Linden officials approved the deal early last year, although it is still being
reviewed by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and is being
challenged by communities in Middlesex County.

Chuck Davis, a spokesman for the New Jersey attorney general's office, would not
discuss the state's investigation into the Linden deal.

"We don't confirm or deny the existence of an investigation," he said yesterday.

But Mayor Gregorio said he suspected the inquiry was related to the involvement
of a New Jersey businessman, Benny Villani, who has been banned by New York City
from the city's waste trade since he was linked by federal officials to
organized crime.

Mr. Villani's family is a part owner in the Tremley Point Marine Terminal real
estate partnership, which controls the Linden land. The other partners are
Domenick Pucillo, the son-in-law of Mr. Gregorio; Mr. Pucillo's brother,
Chester; and Paul M. Weiner, a law partner of State Senator Raymond J. Lesniak.

Mr. Gregorio, who said the subpoena submitted to Linden asked for records
related to the land transaction and the government's review of the trash deal,
said he was confident that he had no conflict of interest because he did not
begin to lobby for the project until it had been approved by the Linden City
Council.

Before that vote, from which Mr. Gregorio abstained, he did not take part in
discussions related to the project because his daughter, Jodi, is married to
Domenick Pucillo.

He said yesterday his efforts in support of the project after that vote were
proper. In 1982, Mr. Gregorio lost a State Senate seat when he was convicted of
conspiracy involving his hidden financial interest in two go-go bars in Linden.
He served two years' probation, and was out of politics for years, but was able
to run for office again after Gov. Thomas H. Kean pardoned him in 1990.

Mr. Weiner's participation in the deal has also drawn attention. While he was an
investor, his Parsippany law firm was a legal adviser to the Tremley Point
partnership and separately to the township of Woodbridge, which opposes the
transfer station.

Senator Lesniak said he was not surprised that the attorney general was
investigating the matter, given the public interest in the project. He said his
firm's and his law partner's involvement in the deal presented no formal
conflict, but it did create perhaps the perception of one.

"There is no legal conflict whatsoever, in any way shape or form," Mr. Lesniak
said yesterday. "It is obviously a political conflict."

On the investigation, he added: "There is nothing there. But we ought not to be
in the middle of it."

Mr. Weiner, at the request of Senator Lesniak and the mayor of Woodbridge, James
E. McGreevey, is selling his interest in the partnership. Neither Mr. Weiner nor
a lawyer representing Mr. Villani responded to requests for comment yesterday.

Gerald Krovatin, a lawyer for the Pucillo brothers, said that a subpoena dated
last Thursday asked for Tremley Point records related to the purchase last year
of the 30-acre property for $8.75 million, the lease of 18 acres of it to Allied
Waste and documents related to Linden's approval of the project.

"We have absolutely no problem with the state attorney general's office looking
at this deal," Mr. Krovatin said. "They did not need a subpoena. We would have
given the documents if they asked for them."

A spokesman for Mr. McGreevey said he was pleased that the state attorney
general was looking into the matter, as it may disrupt the project.

"Any additional questions will help Mayor McGreevey and other opponents make the
case against the trash train," said Richard McGrath, a spokesman for Mr.
McGreevey, who is a Democratic candidate for New Jersey governor.

Joseph J. Lhota, a deputy mayor in the Giuliani administration, said he could
not comment on the New Jersey inquiry since New York City is in the midst of its
own investigation into the land deal. City officials said they were upset that
Mr. Villani's family is a part owner of the Linden land, and might ask Allied to
try to force him out.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

New Jersey: N.J. native, an Arizona cop, caught on dashcam running down suspect
(VIDEO)

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Mercer County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

An Arizona cop who grew up in New Jersey drove his police cruiser into an armed
man suspected of committing a series of crimes in the area, a dashcam video
shows.

Marana Officer Michael Rapiejko, who is from the Skillman section of Montgomery
and graduated from the Mercer County Police Academy in 2008, has since been
cleared of wrongdoing.

His chief said the officer probably saved Mario Valencia's life by ramming him.
Cruiser Hits SuspectIn this Feb. 19, 2015, frame from a dash cam video provided
by the Marana Police Department, a police vehicle nears Mario Valencia in
Marana, Ariz. Dramatic dash cam video released Tuesday shows a police officer
using his cruiser to ram the armed suspect, Valencia, sending him flying in the
air before the car smashes into a wall. Valencia survived the crash, and
prosecutors cleared the officer, who is from New Jersey, of any wrongdoing.
(Marana Police Department via AP)AP

Valencia, the 36-year-old man who was hit, is seen walking along the side of a
road after allegedly stealing a rifle from Walmart around 9 a.m. on Feb. 19,
according to CNN.com.

The dashcam video went viral Tuesday after it was obtained by a media outlet in
Arizona.

On it, Rapiejko can be seen accelerating his car and striking Valencia outside a
storage facility. The windshield cracked as Valencia hit it and the cruiser
smashed into a brick wall, the video shows.

Valenica spent two days in a hospital and has been charged with several
felonies.

Before being hit, Valencia had been followed at a slow speed by another officer
after he pointed the rifle at his head and threatened suicide. He also fired
several shots in the air.

The alleged crime spree began in Tucson, where authorities say Valencia stole
from a convenience store and broke into a church, where he started a fire.
Officials say he next forced his way into an occupied home and then stole a car,
which he drove to Marana, TucsonNewsNow.com reported. The vehicle was abandoned
at the Walmart where the rifle was taken.

Rapiejko formerly worked as police officer in New York City and Tucson.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 9, 2012 Sunday

Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid trial: Senior employee at El Paso nonprofit Aliviane
accused of wrongdoing

BYLINE: Marty Schladen, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1038 words


Dec. 09--Aliviane employee Jose Soria was accused in federal court last week of
bribing a public official and scrambling to produce reports that might have made
false claims that the children who were the subjects of the reports had received
federally required protection.

Yet Soria continues to occupy a senior post at Aliviane Inc., an El Paso
nonprofit that is funded with millions of dollars annually from state and
federal sources.

A spokesman for the federal agency that funds a significant part of Aliviane's
$8 million annual budget on Friday reiterated a statement by the FBI earlier
this year that it was investigating Aliviane.

"We're cooperating fully with the authorities that are investigating this
situation," said Brad

Stone, a spokesman for the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Administration.

Ruben "Sonny" Garcia made the claims about Soria last week in the corruption
trial of Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid, who was Aliviane's CEO until soon after he was
indicted in December 2011.

Soria couldn't be reached for comment Friday. A spokes-man for Aliviane, Austin
attorney Steve Hernsberger, declined to comment.

"We'll assess this at the end of the trial," he said. "We'll wait until all the
evidence comes in."

Madrid is charged with conspiracy and theft or embezzlement of federal funds
from the Border Children's Mental Health Collaborative in 2005 and 2006.

Garcia and his company, LKG Enterprises Inc., pleaded guilty this

summer to bribing former County Judge Dolores Briones with $24,000 and
defrauding the collaborative of $550,000.

Garcia said he met Soria and Madrid when he went to work for Aliviane in 1972.
Garcia said he left about six years later, while Soria and Madrid continued to
work for the agency.

Garcia's companies, LKG and Garrson LLC, made $680,000 while contracting with
Aliviane between 2001 and 2010. Two other men who played roles in LKG's contract
with the Border Children's Mental Health Collaborative, S. Fernando Rodriguez
and Gustavo Martinez, each made more than $1 million as Aliviane contractors.

They and Soria played important roles in LKG's failed contract with the
federally funded, county-run Border Children's Mental Health Collaborative.

Garcia said he didn't think LKG was qualified to meet the elaborate federal
requirements that came with being the collaborative's $600,000-a-year evaluator,
but that Madrid, Soria and Rodriguez encouraged him to apply and promised their
help.

Garcia got the contract and gave a subcontract to Soria's company,
Introspectives Inc., and only found out later that it paid Madrid about $100,000
under it, Garcia said.

Rodriguez, then a professor at the University of Texas at El Paso, refused to
sign a contract, but Garcia paid him $100,000 anyway, Garcia said.

LKG's subcontractors didn't immediately produce the monthly reports they were
paid for.

As alarm over the program grew in December 2005, Briones, the county judge who
had been bribed to support the contract, told Madrid and Garcia that they needed
to come up with paperwork -- quickly, Garcia testified.

Some monthly reports had been filed earlier, but "95 percent of them were done
at the end," Garcia testified, adding that it was Soria who produced them.

Madrid's lawyer, Leon Schydlower, made much of the fact that the monthly report
for August 2006 claimed that 167 children had been taken into the collaborative
since June 2006.

The collaborative was designed to bring home children with severe mental
illnesses from out-of-county facilities and create a "wraparound" set of
services so they could be with their families. Federal rules required that the
program form an "institutional review board" to ensure that children --
essentially human subjects in a scientific experiment -- were protected.

Rodriguez, then a member of UTEP's institutional review board, claimed in the
proposal he wrote for LKG that the UTEP board would review LKG's work with the
collaborative.

Schydlower said approval by the UTEP board to review LKG's work was obtained in
June 2006. By August 2006, 167 children had been taken into the collaborative --
far more than the 24 taken in by LKG predecessor TriWest Group when TriWest lost
the contract in November 2005.

But the UTEP institutional review board never did any work for LKG, the
university's executive vice president, Richard Adauto III, said earlier this
year. Rodriguez got the review board to approve research protocols for LKG --
apparently without disclosing that he worked for the company -- but the board
did no work with LKG after that, Adauto said.

It's unclear whether, as Garcia claimed, Soria produced the September 2006
report, whether information in it was falsified, or whether the 167 children it
said were in the program even existed.

Peter Selby of TriWest on Thursday testified that when his company resumed as
the collaborative's evaluator in early 2007, there was no information in a
national database that had been produced by LKG.

Garcia also accused Soria of helping in January 2007 to bribe Anthony Cobos, who
had just been elected county judge.

Cobos, who faces a federal indictment in a different matter, wanted money in
exchange for his support for LKG's contract with the collaborative, Garcia
testified.

Madrid, Garcia, Soria and Lorenzo Aguilar -- who was indicted with Cobos last
year -- met Cobos at Three Amigos Restaurant, Garcia said.

"We were having breakfast and everybody just started handing (Cobos) money,"
Garcia said, explaining that he and the others gave between $500 and $1,000 each
in cash.

Madrid spoke in a 2010 deposition about the contract he got from Soria's company
to do work for the collaborative.

For the $100,000 he was paid he produced a 20-page report that was plagiarized
from the Internet, he said.

He participated in the production of other documents, but it's unclear whether
any were responsive to the program's needs or whether they were merely an
attempt to make it appear that LKG had done something for the $550,000 it was
paid.

Madrid's trial will resume at 8:30 a.m. Monday.

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121209-EY-HLT-Cirilo-Chilo-Madrid-trial-Senior-employee-at-El-Paso-nonprofit-A
liviane-accused-of-wrongdoing-1209-20121209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             April 18, 2003 Friday

Anemone Has Dug Himself a Hole

BYLINE: COLIN MINER

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 574 words


In a marked departure from his 34 years as an officer with the New York Police
Department, Louie Anemone would have you believe wrong is right. At least that
is the conclusion one might walk away with after listening to him talk over the
past few weeks.

Mr. Anemone, though already on leave with pay from his job as security director
for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, seems determined to talk his way
into even more trouble.

People who have known and respected Mr. Anemone for years are wondering why he
decided to steer his once-admired career so far off the beaten path. No one
knows why, but this much is certain: He has dug himself a very deep hole.

The sum of what's going on is this: Mr. Anemone and his top deputy, Nicholas
Casale, accused the now-former head of the Long Island Rail Road of not being on
the up-and-up.

Asked for proof, the two of them told the Queens district attorney they had a
confidential source. It was only later that Mr. Anemone and Mr. Casale were
forced to admit to investigators there was no confidential source; they had made
the source up.

And that's important.

Because lately Mr. Anemone has been saying not only did he never claim there was
a confidential source, there were other sources of information about wrongdoing
by the former LIRR chief, Kenneth Bauer. It's not true. Mr. Anemone knows what
was said when he finally had his sit-down with officials at the Queens D.A.'s
office. He also knows he has not been completely honest about the MTA's response
to allegations of wrongdoing.

He's been complaining a lot that when he tried to get the authority interested
in allegations of corruption, they turned their backs on him.

He knows that's not true because he was very much in the loop the entire time
since he was the one who uncovered some of the wrongdoing and brought it to the
attention of Katie Lapp, the well-respected executive director of the MTA.

And when Ms. Lapp had a couple of meetings last year with Manhattan District
Attorney Robert Morgenthau and members of his staff, she brought Mr. Anemone
with her to make sure nothing was missed.

Three cases were discussed. One is close to an indictment, a second is under
investigation, and the third never went anywhere because Mr. Anemone then
started his own probe, which tipped off the targets of the investigation.

And Mr. Anemone knows that's what happened.

When Mr. Anemone talks about people trying to cover up wrongdoing, he neglects
to bring up how he lied to Ms. Lapp about two contracts to get security dogs,
and how he ducked her phone calls while delivering a self-serving interview to
the New York Times.

There is corruption at the MTA. Mr. Anemone knows that. Ms. Lapp knows that. And
Mr. Anemone knows that Ms. Lapp knows.

When she took over the Authority, it was beset with so many problems that people
wondered if Ms. Lapp might be in over her head. And even though things are
better, Ms. Lapp knows they are not perfect.

Just recently, both the city and state comptrollers - both of whom are
conducting audits - have had to threaten subpoenas to get certain documents. But
with Mr. Anemone's help, she made headway working out the problems. And then,
for whatever reason, Mr. Anemone decided to become one of the problems. Now,
Peter Kalikow, the chairman of the MTA, has a report from the inspector general
that says Mr. Anemone abused his power. Mr. Anemone says one thing; Ms. Lapp
says another. My money's on Katie Lapp.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 28, 1997 Thursday

LENGTH: 478 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy was charged Wednesday
with seeking and accepting more than $35,000 in trips, sports tickets and favors
from companies that did business with his agency. He was also accused of lying
and tampering with witnesses to cover up. Espy, indicted on 39 counts by a
federal grand jury, joins just a handful of Cabinet secretaries ever charged
with wrongdoing.

The indictment portrays him as an official who persistently sought favors from
large companies regulated by his agency. Espy's Washington attorney, Reid
Weingarten, said the special prosecutor in the case had taken ""trivial,
personal and entirely benign activities and attempted to distort them into
criminal acts.'' Espy himself has consistently denied any wrongdoing. His law
office in Jackson, Miss., said he was not available for comment. The indictment
did not contend that Espy had given any of the companies -- including such
agribusiness giants as Tyson Food Inc. and Sun Diamond Growers of California --
favorable treatment in return for the gifts. ""A quid pro quo is not required''
to prove he violated the law, said independent counsel Donald C. Smaltz. But it
did charge that Espy, who resigned from the Clinton administration in 1994 after
Smaltz began his investigation, ""solicited, received and accepted gifts'' for
himself, his girlfriends and his family from companies that were regulated by
the Agriculture Department or regularly did business with it. The favors
included illegal campaign contributions to his brother's failed congressional
campaign in Mississippi, the indictment said. Espy also ""attempted to conceal
his actions by lying to a USDA inspector general representative, by lying to the
Federal Bureau of Investigation and by lying to the Executive Office of the
President,'' Smaltz said. Espy was charged with mail and wire fraud, accepting
illegal gratuities and violations of the Meat Inspection Act for taking gifts
from companies regulated under that law. The indictment charges that Espy
directed an aide to solicit National Basketball Association championship playoff
tickets from the chairman of Quaker Oats Co. and that he subsequently lied to
the FBI about where he got them. He is also accused of failing to report trips
and gifts on the financial disclosure form that top government officials are
required to file each year. The trips included two that he and a friend,
Patricia Dempsey, took to a National Football League game in Dallas and to the
U.S. Open tennis tournament in New York City. The couple were provided with
limousines both times. The Dallas trip was paid for by a lobbyist for Tyson
Foods Inc. Sun Diamond bought tickets to the tennis tournament and paid for a
$2,427 set of luggage for the New York trip, the indictment said. The counts
carry maximum penalties of more than 100 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 8, 2008 Friday

Court rules against federal judge (8:24 a.m.)

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


EL PASO -- U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo had no right to keep three men
implicated in the public corruption investigation from hiring whomever they
wanted as a lawyer because the men have never appeared before the judge, a court
ruling that became public Thursday states.

The U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that Montalvo did not have
the jurisdiction to keep El Paso lawyer Mary Stillinger from representing
Charles Roark, Milton "Mickey" Duntley and Ernie Lopez.

"I am pleased with the court's ruling," Stillinger said. "In a way, the court's
opinion vindicates our position."

Last year, the U.S. attorney's office filed a motion asking Montalvo to
disqualify Stillinger from representing the three men because they had been
identified as targets of the FBI's public corruption investigation.

Montalvo approved the motion and Stillinger appealed, claiming that the men had
a right to hire whomever they wanted because they had not been charged with any
wrongdoing.

The three have not been arrested, indicted or charged with any wrongdoing.

In agreeing with Stillinger, the appeals court, in New Orleans, wrote, the
"Appellants have not been charged with a crime, nor have grand jury proceedings
been initiated against them, nor have they been called to appear as grand-jury
witnesses. Stillinger's alleged potential conflict of interest existed only in
the context of an ongoing criminal investigation monitored and supervised by the
FBI, which is independent and separate from any proceeding occurring before the
district court."

U.S. attorney's office officials would not comment on the ruling and would not
say whether they would ask for a new hearing or appeal to the U.S. Supreme
Court.

Also on Thursday, Montalvo ordered the U.S. attorney's office to respond by
Sept. 5 to a motion filed by the Texas Civil Rights Association, which is asking
the judge to unseal most of the documents in the public corruption case.

The motion was filed this week by the civil-rights association on behalf of El
Paso Media Group.

The group is asking for all court hearings in the case to be made public and all
the files involving the nine people who have pleaded guilty in the case to
become public.

Ramon Bracamontes is a reporter for the El Paso Times, a member of the Texas-New
Mexico Newspapers Partnership. He may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com
.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Tampering, but no wrongdoing [JUMP]Ex-Bucs QB Johnson had Super Bowl balls
doctored so they'd be easier to grip;
Ex-Bucs QB Johnson had Super Bowl balls doctored so they'd be easier to grip

BYLINE: ROY CUMMINGS Tribune staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 623 words



HIGHLIGHT: Bucs Brad Johnson


TAMPA - Heading into Super Bowl XXXVII, Buccaneers quarterback Brad Johnson's
concern stretched well beyond the Raiders defense he was going to face - all the
way to the condition of the footballs he was going to throw.

Johnson was so concerned, in fact, he paid $7,500 to two ball boys to make sure
they prepared the Super Bowl's 100 game balls in a way that would make them
easier for him to throw.

In doing so, though, Johnson said he neither cheated nor did anything malicious
prior to Tampa Bay's 48-21 victory in San Diego.

There was no wrongdoing on my part,'' Johnson told The Tribune on Wednesday. I
didn't do anything wrong. I thought I was doing what was right for everybody
involved in the game.

I'd heard all those quarterbacks, from (Joe) Montana to (Troy) Aikman, talk
about it and how all those (Super Bowl) balls were so slick. So, I was just
trying to help the game, because you want it to be fair. You know, you look at
the field and it's painted all pretty and everything's real nice and all that,
but the ball is what matters.

If the surface of a football is slick, it is hard to grip. Johnson asked two
ball boys to scuff up the surfaces of the balls to make them easier to throw.

It's not like I got to see the balls before the game or anything, Johnson said.
I only got to touch them just before kickoff, which is always the case, just
like any game.''

The issue of doctored footballs became a hot topic this week when

it was learned that footballs used by the Patriots during their 45-7 AFC title
game victory against the Colts were under-inflated. The NFL launched an
investigation, which could result in the Patriots being fined or docked a draft
pick should they be found guilty of wrongdoing.

Johnson said he considered the payment to the ball boys a tip,'' and he decided
to make the investment after discussing the matter of slick game balls with
Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon.

We were doing one of those milk mustache commercials and Rich and I were talking
about the balls and we were both concerned about it, we were both worried about
it,'' Johnson said.

But I didn't ask them to do anything illegal. I just asked them to work them in,
rub them down, get that slickness off of them. I told them, 'If you can throw
it, then I can throw it.' That was it.''

Speaking Wednesday on SiriusXM NFL Radio, Gannon confirmed he and Johnson shared
their concerns over the state of the Super Bowl game balls while shooting a milk
commercial.

He said he was unaware Johnson had paid to make sure the balls were prepared
properly, but he agreed with Johnson's claim that Johnson did nothing wrong.

Back then you couldn't touch the balls, which was the craziest rule,'' Gannon
said. Neither team was allowed to provide the balls, to touch the balls, examine
the balls. You couldn't touch them.

And Brad's a lot like me, a lot like just about every other quarterback in the
league - nobody wants to play with a ball that's fresh out of the box and has
been rubbed down a couple of times with a brush. And, quite frankly, shame on
Brad for having to reach into his pocket to pay $7,500, because I wouldn't have
paid $7,500. Five hundred maybe, or a thousand maybe, but $7,500 to doctor the
balls?

And again, 'doctored the balls' makes it sound like you're cheating, but all
you're trying to do is make sure they're not slick. I think it's a non-story,
quite frankly. And it's not the reason we lost.''

In the Super Bowl, Johnson completed 18 of 34 passes for 215 yards, two
touchdowns and one interception. Gannon was 22 of 44 for 272 yards with two
touchdowns and five interceptions, three of which were returned for touchdowns
by Tampa Bay.

rcummings@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7979

Twitter: @RCummingsTBO

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     October 29, 2016 Saturday 2:26 AM GMT

Hillary Clinton team lashes out at FBI over fresh review of emails

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 546 words


Hillary Clinton's campaign lashed out at the FBI on Saturday, saying there was
no indication that a cache of recently discovered emails under review by the
agency was connected to the Democratic nominee.

Barnstorming the West, Republican rival Donald Trump pounced on the reignited
email controversy.

Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told reporters FBI Director James Comey's
letter to the US Congress about the new emails was "long on innuendo" and "short
on facts".

"There's no evidence of wrongdoing," he said. "No charge of wrongdoing. No
indication this is even about Hillary."

But on that latter point, Mr Comey in fact said the new trove was "pertinent" to
the Clinton email investigation, without explaining how.

A government official said on Saturday that the Justice Department had advised
the FBI against telling Congress about the new developments in the Clinton
investigation because of the potential fallout so close to the election.

Justice officials concluded the letter would be inconsistent with department
policy that directs against investigative actions that could be seen as
affecting an election or helping a particular candidate, the official said.

Landing with a thud, the email issue again threatened to undermine an advantage
built by Mrs Clinton, the Democratic nominee, over Mr Trump and raised the
possibility that the Republican might be able to seize momentum during the final
days before the November 8 election.

Mr Trump told a crowd in Golden, Colorado, on Saturday that the FBI's review of
Clinton email practices raises "everybody's deepest hope that justice, as last,
can be properly delivered". His crowd cheered Mrs Clinton's email woes, which Mr
Trump has taken to calling the biggest political scandal since Watergate.

Mr Trump also had battleground Arizona on his plate Saturday. Early voting has
been under way for weeks and Mrs Clinton, who was campaigning Saturday in
Florida, has led in preference polls, both nationally and in key swing states.

The FBI is looking into whether there was classified information on a device
belonging to Anthony Weiner, the disgraced ex-congressman who is separated from
long-time Clinton aide Huma Abedin.

Mr Comey, in his letter to Congress on Friday, said the FBI had recently come
upon new emails while pursuing an unrelated case and was reviewing whether they
were classified.

The announcement raised more questions than answers and generated criticism that
Mr Comey was injecting a significant development too close to an election. Yet
the FBI director also faced the prospect of intense scrutiny if voters learned
that he had been sitting on a major development until after the election.

Mr Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook spoke to reporters in a conference
call, following Mrs Clinton's hastily arranged news conference on Friday night
in a high school choir room in Des Moines, Iowa.

In it, she said "the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts
immediately. The director himself has said he doesn't know whether the emails
referenced in his letter are significant or not".

But long-term, the development all but ensured that, even should Mrs Clinton win
the White House, she and several of her closest aides would celebrate a victory
under a cloud of investigation.

AP

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

MADISON COMPANY SETTLES LAWSUITS;
TOMOTHERAPY ADMITS NO WRONGDOING IN TWO ACTIONS BROUGHT BY SHAREHOLDERS.

BYLINE: By JUDY NEWMAN jdnewman@madison.com 608-252-6156

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 373 words


TomoTherapy settled two shareholder lawsuits filed in Dane County Circuit Court
last year but denies any wrongdoing in the cases, the Madison company said in
documents submitted Thursday to federal regulators.

The lawsuits allege that between May 2007 and May 2010, TomoTherapy leaders
and/or directors breached their fiduciary duties by giving false and misleading
statements about the company's backlog of orders.

The company's stock price dropped by one-third, from $13.35 a share to $9.10 a
share, after TomoTherapy, in April 2008, lowered revenue projections for the
year because multiple orders from for-profit clinics - a growing customer base -
were spread out longer than for other customers.

Settlement discussions began in May, the documents say.

According to the agreement, the claims will be dismissed in exchange for the
payment of $275,000 in attorneys' fees, with $25,000 of that from TomoTherapy
and the rest from its insurance company.

Shareholders will not receive any payment.

TomoTherapy officials deny "each and all of the claims and allegations of
wrongdoing" and say they believe they acted in good faith, in the best interests
of the company and its stockholders.

But they agreed to a series of reforms that include expanding the role of the
internal audit manager, training financial staff at least once a year on how to
treat backlog orders, and implementing a "clawback" policy that lets the company
recover incentive payments to senior officers if TomoTherapy's financial
statements have to be restated.

The reforms are supposed to stay in effect for at least three years, but "only
if the company is subject to the rules and regulations applicable to companies
whose stock is traded on a U.S. stock exchange," the documents say.

TomoTherapy plans to be acquired by Accuray, of Sunnyvale, Calif., for $277
million. Both companies make radiation systems used to treat cancer patients.

If regulators and shareholders approve the deal, TomoTherapy will no longer be a
public company, making the reforms a moot issue.

A hearing on the settlement is scheduled for 1 p.m. May 13 before Judge Richard
Niess. If shareholders want to object to the agreement, they have to file a
written notice at least 14 court days before then.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Promontory Suit Is a Reputational Catch-22

BYLINE: Chris Cumming

SECTION: NATIONAL/REGIONAL Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 998  words


Suing a regulator may be the only way for Promontory Financial Group to save its
reputation for being able to work with regulators.

The company is so thickly staffed with former regulators that it is often called
a "shadow regulator," and it is often hired by banks in regulatory or legal
binds for its reputation as a skilled intermediary between banks and their
supervisors.

That reputation took a serious hit on Monday when the New York State Department
of Financial Services accused Promontory of bending to pressure from Standard
Chartered to tone down reports on money laundering, in order to protect its
relationship with its client. The allegations laid out are similar to ones the
department, under former superintendent Benjamin Lawsky, used to extract fines
and temporary suspensions from Deloitte and PriceWaterhouseCoopers.

But those consultancies also admitted to wrongdoing as part of their
settlements. Promontory and the regulator were on their way to settling, too,
but talks broke down when it refused to admit to doing anything wrong.

That refusal led the department to impose a punishment that's arguably worse
than an admission of wrongdoing: a public report saying Promontory conspired to
downplay mass-scale sanctions violations; and a ban, with no end in sight, on
consulting with New York banks.

The ban would likely only affect a handful of new client engagements a year for
Promontory, but they could be very large ones. The department supervises all
state-chartered banks and foreign banks with headquarters in the state.

That's significant but won't be a killer from Promontory, which has offices
worldwide. The reputational hit, though, may ultimately be worse than the
financial damage.

"Consultants have as much credibility as the regulators give them," said
Cornelius Hurley, director of the Boston University Center for Finance, Law &
Policy. "People hire these firms because they think the regulators trust them."

Promontory claims it is being unfairly maligned.

The New York regulator "willfully misconstrued our work based on a handful of
emails taken out of context," the consulting firm said in a statement. It said
it would ask the New York Supreme Court to block the regulator's action.

In response to Promontory's comment and the news that it would sue, Anthony
Albanese, acting superintendent of the New York agency, said in a statement,
"Our department remains committed to improving independence and integrity in the
bank consulting industry."

Promontory's legal path forward appears rocky, lawyers say.

New York is taking aim at the company using a formerly obscure law that it a
successfully used as leverage over Deloitte and PwC. The nineteenth-century law
says that banks need to request a waiver from the state to share supervisory
information with a consultant. The regulator has said it's no longer going to
approve those waivers for Promontory.

Daniel Alter, the department's former general counsel, devised this strategy.
Previously, most thought financial regulators had little leverage over
consultants, which they don't formally oversee. Alter realized that threatening
to deny waivers would cut off new business for the consultants, and he used the
strategy to help launch the department's investigation into all three
consultancies.

Now a law professor at New York University, Alter said he sees the department's
move as reasonable and doubted that Promontory's suit will succeed.

"It is within the superintendent's discretion to protect the confidentially of
the supervisory information," Alter said. "When the superintendent determines
that any entity has abused the public trust by submitting false and misleading
content, it's not in the public interest to give it access to confidential
information."

The company's suit is based on a law that allows challenges to administrative
decisions that are arrived at in an "arbitrary or capricious" way. Promontory
said all the work it did for Standard Chartered was correct and honest.

"We stand behind the integrity of our professionals and the quality of our work,
the accuracy of which the order does not dispute," the company's statement said.

The challenge is a bit surprising in that the New York regulator is just the
type of legal foe that most companies do just about anything to avoid.

The department has been sued a handful of times before by companies that felt
they'd been treated unfairly - most recently by a group of Native American
tribes over payday lending rules, who later dropped the suit. But nearly every
company prefers to settle when caught in its crosshairs.

"It's enormously expensive to go to court and battle an entity like the DFS that
has pretty deep pockets given its history of billions of dollars in fines
collected over the years," said Ross Delston, an attorney and
anti-money-laundering consultant. "They have a track record of bringing in lots
of money for the state, and it's doubtful that the state would object to their
going all-out to defend a case of this sort."

Cases like this also tend to shred a company's reputation, he said. News reports
repeat the accusations for as long as the lawsuit lasts.

Promontory is no ordinary company, however. It is more dependent on its
reputation among a relatively small swath of regulators and financial services
executives than among the public at large. That may be one reason why the firm
apparently would prefer the public-relations headache of a lawsuit to admitting
that it had fallen down on the job.

Promontory's fear of admitting guilt parallels banks' long reluctance - until
recently - to do so in settlements with regulators. Now that many banks have
pled guilty, it's less of a taboo.

For Promontory, though, admitting guilt may not be as harmless as it is for a
too-big-to-fail bank, Hurley said.

"In the scheme of things, Promontory is a small fish," he said. "I'm guessing
the reason they're willing to fight it is that it threatens their whole business
model, just like taking away a bank's charter would."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 23, 1987 Monday

Toll rising as Wall Street scandal spreads into new areas

BYLINE: MARTIN MITTELSTAEDT; GAM

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: New York NY


BY  MARTIN MITTELSTAEDT
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  NEW YORK
  The scandal engulfing Wall Street is showing fresh signs of escalating.
Subpoenas were issued to several prominent investment firms last week and
a leading takeover raider disclosed that he is under Government scrutiny.

The investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
first tracked only a single crime - insider trading - is clearly spreading
to other illegal investment activities such as stock manipulation.

SEC chairman John Shad confirmed the widening nature of the
investigation in remarks late Friday on a cable television news program.
He said SEC staff will cover "many more ancillary areas" and "go down
every avenue" in their efforts to reveal wrongdoing.

The deepening investigation is causing fear and loathing on Wall
Street, where the scandal, now in its 10th month, has already taken a
stunning toll.

Rising stars in the brokerage community have been arrested and
handcuffed in their offices before startled co-workers, held in New York's
jails, and shared dockets with the city's hoodlums. High-level employees
have been fired from their jobs and others have been given prison terms
and multi-million-dollar fines.

The latest subpoenas were issued to American Express Co. and to brokers
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc. for documents on
their activities with an insurance company and several other companies.

The SEC appears to be studying a scheme to artificially inflate share
prices for a $300-million (U.S.) underwriting of securities last year in
Fireman's Fund Corp., an insurance company affiliated with American
Express. Salomon Brothers and Shearson, which is an American Express unit,
were the lead underwriters for the offering.

Receiving a subpoena does not imply wrongdoing and is technically a
request for information.

The latest subpoenas are connected to charges made last week against
Boyd Jefferies, a wealthy West Coast financier who pleaded guilty to two
felonies on Friday. When he was brought into court, the object of his
illegal stock market activity was not disclosed, but it is now becoming
clear that it was the stock of Fireman's Fund.

In previous cases of wrongdoing, individuals accused of criminal
activity have co-operated with law enforcement officials in implicating
others to lighten their own sentences. Mr. Jefferies faces a maximum of 10
years in prison. He is working with authorities and his help is expected
to lead to more arrests.

Carl Icahn, the corporate raider, said he too is being investigated by
the SEC. Mr. Icahn has been the mastermind behind several bold takeover
attempts, such as last year's bid for USX Corp. of Pittsburgh.

So far, about 15 investment professionals have been implicated in the
various schemes, which first came to light through an anonymous letter
from Venezuela.

The note led investigators to Dennis Levine, a prominent executive at
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. who has since been sentenced to a prison term
for making $12.6-million in illegal insider trading profits.

The SEC and the U.S. attorney's office are investigating Drexel for a
broader array of possible security law violations, although no charges
have been laid.

In the case of Fireman's Fund, its shares began to weaken shortly
before a planned stock issue last May. But the stock made a sudden
recovery the day before the offering, after several huge buy orders for
the shares were placed in the market minutes before the closing.

Shearson and Salomon Brothers had guaranteed American Express $38 a
share on the offering, and the buying surge took prices to this level.
Without the sudden spurt of buying, the two brokers might have suffered
hefty losses.

Documents filed with the charges against Mr. Jefferies do not identify
the stock he is alleged to have manipulated, but the details closely
resemble the Fireman's Fund issue. Mr. Jefferies' purchases accounted for
66 per cent of the activity in the stock in question.

Salomon Brothers said the SEC subpoenaed its records on Fireman's Fund,
American Express, Shearson, Jefferies & Co. Inc., and several others.

American Express said it was subpoenaed for documents on its dealings
with Fireman's Fund. Shearson was asked for documents on deals with
Jefferies and others.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday

Pension inquiry is fuel for reform

SECTION: B; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 398 words


By SHANNON COLAVECCHIO

Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau

TALLAHASSEE - State Sen. Dan Gelber, vying to be Florida's next attorney
general, says the proposed anticorruption package he unveiled earlier this week
is more vital than ever in light of confirmation this week that the Securities
and Exchange Commission is investigating possible fraud by the board that
oversees the state pension fund.

The reform package by Gelber, D-Miami Beach, would remove the attorney general
from the State Board of Administration, which now consists of the governor,
attorney general and chief financial officer. Gelber says the attorney general
should have "more arm's length oversight" so he can prosecute wrongdoing.

"Floridians should expect their attorney general to be scrutinizing their
pension fund and protecting them from wrongdoing," Gelber said. His proposal
would replace the attorney general with the commissioner of agriculture.

The federal investigation centers on whether the state and three Wall Street
firms - JPMorgan Chase, Credit Suisse and the now-defunct Lehman Brothers -
misled the public about the risk and liquidity of some of the board's
investments.

The investment fund holds more than $130 billion, including retirement savings
for more than 1 million Floridians. The SBA also manages the Local Government
Investment Pool for cities and counties.

State Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink has been advocating changes since taking
office, and more urgently over the past year as the pension fund fell to a low
of $87 billion and questions arose over its management.

She wants to expand membership of the SBA to add at least one person with
financial expertise and one person who participates in the pension fund. Also,
all trustees would get financial training, and there would be regular external
audits of the pension's management and performance, under her proposal - which
got lukewarm reception from Attorney General Bill McCollum and Gov. Charlie
Crist when she unveiled it at a September Cabinet meeting.

A recent survey of 15 other states' funds found that Florida is unique in its
small governance structure, especially considering it is one of the nation's
largest pension funds.

Also, the survey found Florida is the only state whose governor and attorney
general help oversee the fund. Some ethics watchdogs say the attorney general's
service on the board is a potential conflict.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                                  May 12, 2006

Push to encourage attorneys to report fraud will redefine lawyer-client
privilege

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461  words


There's nothing more hallowed in the annals of law than attorney-client
privilege.

But in the wake of Enron and other high-profile corporate scandals, some lawyers
and bar associations are pushing to make it easier for lawyers to disclose
executives' wrongdoing.

The push to encourage in-house attorneys and outside counsel to report fraud
begs an inevitable question: When executives engage in fraud, why don't the
lawyers know it - and if they do, why don't they inform authorities?

The most common answer: Even if attorneys knew what was going on, lawyer-client
privilege makes going to the authorities risky and possibly unethical.

"You could report up within the corporation," suggested Roy Simon, Howard
Lichtenstein Distinguished Professor of Legal Ethics at the Hofstra University
School of Law. "But if you got to the top ... and they didn't want to change
anything, then your only remedy was to withdraw. "

That may slowly be changing. Some attorney groups propose redefining
attorney-client privilege at corporations, in particular at public companies.
The American Bar Association in 2003 revised its guidelines, saying it supported
the right of corporate lawyers to report financial crimes to authorities.

New York State and many others have not modified their codes of professional
conduct to avoid eroding attorney-client privilege. But the New York City Bar
Task Force on the Lawyer's Role in Corporate Governance earlier this month
supported the right of attorneys working with public companies to contact
authorities.

"It appears that lawyers, even if not complicit in the corporate wrongdoing,
were in position potentially to have taken steps to either prevent or mitigate
the effects of a significant number of these scandals," noted a task force
report.

The group said lawyers should report financial wrongdoing beyond a corporation
because they work on behalf of the company, not executives or board members.

"Lawyers take their directions from corporate officers or directors, but their
client is - and they owe their duty of loyalty to - the corporate entity," the
task force concluded.

The ABA has altered its guidelines regarding the disclosure of confidential
information for past and ongoing fraud. But so far, the ABA's recommendations in
New York State remain advice, and not the law of the land. Even the city bar
task force is just a recommendation to the city bar.

New York State, where the appellate division of the Unified Court System is
charged with determining standards, has been reluctant to chip away at
attorney-client privilege.

"The other side is people will just take lawyers out of the loop," said Simon.
"For a short time, you might have lawyers who know and reveal things. Pretty
soon, the lawyer's source of information will dry up. "

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     March 30, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

Bush's blind spots easy to see;
Clinton staffers, businesses' Iraq deals unexamined

BYLINE: BOB BARR

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 15A;

LENGTH: 727 words


The Bush administration has shown little shyness in prosecuting domestic
corporate wrongdoing or in pushing the USA Patriot Act to the limits.

Most recently, the Patriot Act was used by the Department of Justice to
prosecute a very un-terrorist-like New Jersey idiot who was playing around with
a lawful laser device and directed its beam at the cockpit of a small passenger
jet landing at a New Jersey airport. (Don't get me wrong, the Newark jerk should
be punished, but using the Patriot Act to do so is like using a sledgehammer to
drive a thumbtack.)

Yet, for all its zeal in prosecuting domestic crimes of all stripes and colors,
the administration has shown itself to have some peculiar prosecutorial blind
spots. Investigations involving wrongdoing by former Clinton administration
officials, and prosecuting fraud by companies engaged in "rebuilding" Iraq are
two such blind spots.

When it took the reins of power in early 2001, the new administration made quite
clear, quite quickly, that it did not wish to deal with any of the lingering
scandals of its predecessor.

For example, despite obvious evidence that outgoing Clinton administration
employees had deliberately and significantly damaged the White House and much
office equipment in a last-minute spite binge, the Bush administration chose to
turn a blind eye, even in the face of calls by many in Congress to prosecute.

Similarly, it chose not to inquire into the stench surrounding several of
outgoing President Clinton's last-minute pardons, despite evidence that at least
one --- fugitive fraud financier Marc Rich --- may have been procured at least
in part by sizable donations through Rich's ex-wife, Denise, to the Clinton
"presidential library" fund.

Yet even now, well into the second Bush term, ex-Clinton operatives who break
the law appear to benefit from the current administration's disdain for going
after anyone with ties to the former administration. Former Clinton National
Security Adviser Sandy Berger is perhaps the most prominent beneficiary of the
Bush blind spot.

Caught red-handed more than a year ago tearing pages from highly classified
national security archive records relating to what the Clinton administration
knew about Iraq and when it knew it, Berger has yet to be indicted.

On one side of the debate is James Comey, former U.S. attorney in Manhattan, and
now Attorney General Alberto Gonzales' second in command, who reportedly is
itching to nail Berger for his arrogant and blatant theft of classified
government documents.

However, despite what is essentially an open-and-shut case against Berger, some
in the Bush White House are reportedly worried that the Berger case might lead
to renewed scrutiny of possible compromises of intelligence material during the
Bush administration's period of public justification for its 2003 invasion of
Iraq.

Dirt churned up by such scrutiny might splash onto the newest shining star of
the administration: Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who is being groomed by
some in the administration to succeed Vice President Dick Cheney and,
eventually, Bush himself. Charges that the Bush administration may have
compromised classified information to help justify its Iraq invasion while Rice
served as Berger's successor certainly would not help such plans for Rice.

Another blind spot in the otherwise aggressive Bush pursuit of corporate
wrongdoing involves the noticeable lack of interest in pursuing costly fraud by
U.S. companies doing business in Iraq.

Apparently, the administration's interest in doing or saying nothing that would
slow or otherwise hamper its game plan in Iraq trumps efforts to bring to
justice what by many accounts amounts to fraud on a massive scale by such
pro-Bush behemoths as Halliburton, as well as by smaller companies, such as
Custer Battles.

Close observers may recall that Bush signed Executive Order 13303 shortly after
the invasion, granting blanket immunity from civil suits to any U.S. company
involved in Iraqi oil matters.

It now appears the administration is protecting U.S. companies involved in
"rebuilding" Iraq --- and making hundreds of millions of dollars in the process
--- from criminal prosecution as well; notwithstanding the cost to American
taxpayers.

Former congressman and U.S. attorney Bob Barr practices law in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bob Barr ; Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice talks with Sandy Berger,
national security adviser during the Clinton administration, in 2004, when she
held a similar post in the Bush administration. Berger has acknowledged that he
took copies of classified documents from the National Archives in 2003, but said
it was a careless mistake. / CHARLES DHARAPAK / Associated Press

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 24, 2007 Friday

Good ol' boys went too far on GOP float

BYLINE: Bob Bernick Jr. Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 945 words


Watching politics in Utah, one always has to be amazed when you see normally
bright people make really dumb decisions.

You see it all the time, year in and year out.

Maybe it's a big gaff, like former Salt Lake City Mayor Deedee Corradini asking
"friends" for $10,000 a pop so she could keep up the mortgage payments on her
house.

Or former Salt Lake County Mayor Nancy Workman providing county funds to a
private nonprofit that employed her daughter.

Maybe the errors are smaller, like powerful politicians asking a favor from a
local college president, and then thinking that nothing was done improperly
because no public funds were inappropriately spent.

But it is the appearance of wrongdoing -- even if there was no legal wrongdoing
on the part of the politicians, like the two mayors -- that saps the public's
good opinion of elected and appointed public officials alike.

The latest gaff comes in the building of a float by the Mountainland Applied
Technology College in Utah County.

Here are the facts as revealed in an audit by state Auditor Austin Johnson and
interviews with legislators:

Leading Utah County legislators Sen. Curt Bramble, Senate majority leader from
Provo, and Rep. Becky Lockhart, Executive Appropriations co-vice chairwoman,
also from Provo, and other local Republicans decided it would be a nice thing if
the Utah County Republican Party had a float to drive in a number of summer
parades.

According to Lockhart, the next question was where to get an old car to use as
the float's base. Once that was donated, how do you build the metal frame around
the car to carry the float?

Along with Bramble, the pair hit upon the idea of seeing if the MATC -- which
basically teaches all kinds of skills like plumbing, welding, computer science
and so on -- had a welding class that, as a class project, would build the
frame.

Lockhart says she and Bramble approached Clay Christensen, campus president of
MATC whom they knew well, and asked if such a thing was possible.

Lockhart promises that from the very first, she offered to write Christensen a
private check to cover the costs. Christensen said maybe someone at his college
could build this thing. He told Lockhart to wait for any payments, as he didn't
know the cost yet.

The car is delivered. The metal frame is built. The float is finished.

Lockhart said she, again, offered to write a check. In state audit work papers,
Bramble says he, too, offered to pay. But Christensen said no -- that an
anonymous donor had come forward to pay for the work.

Lockhart says she doesn't know who that donor was, nor the ultimate cost of the
welding work and materials.

While Johnson didn't name the donor in his audit, he told me it was Don L.
Ipson, the citizen chairman of the Utah College of Applied Technology, the group
that oversees all of the state's applied technology colleges, including MATC.

"There is nothing wrong with Mr. Ipson as a private citizen paying for this,"
says Johnson. "What is curious is the timing of all of this" -- who was offering
to pay when. "And why would Mr. Christensen inappropriately try to force this
payment (for the work) through the college's financial payment system. It
doesn't make sense."

Well, maybe it makes a little more sense when "friends" are trying to do favors
for "friends."

Everything seemed good in all of this -- until someone squealed to the state and
an investigation was started.

Johnson issued his audit of MATC this week, with the GOP float one of only
several problems found.

In fact, the audit says that state laws were likely broken in the float affair
because no state operations can be used to aid partisan politics -- which was
apparently what happened here.

Worse for Christensen, the audit says he purposely hid various billing
operations so they wouldn't be tied to the float and the Utah County Republican
Party.

It is up to the state Board of Regents what happens to Christensen, who in a
written response to the audit apologized and said he'd follow all internal rules
in the future.

But the audit points out that -- whether intended by Bramble or Lockhart or not
(they say not) -- Christensen may well have felt pressure to help out the
powerful legislators.

"It certainly brings up the question of whether (Bramble and Lockhart) should
have even asked. It is a sticky proposition," says Johnson. "But that is beyond
my ability to say in an audit."

In audit work papers, Christensen is quoted as saying he felt "tremendous"
pressure from Bramble and other legislators to do the float work, because as
MATC director he was trying to rebuild "relationships" with powerful
legislators. Bramble denies he pressured Christensen.

But it is clear to me that Bramble and Lockhart should have never asked for this
favor, even if they were more than willing to pay for the "whole cost, with no
discounts or favors" -- as Lockhart says she put it to Christensen.

Did Christensen really feel that he had a choice to say "no" to the legislators?
Few would doubt that if they so desired, and I'm not saying that they would do
so, MATC could be greatly harmed by Bramble and/or Lockhart.

As members of the all-powerful Executive Appropriations Committee, the two and
their committee colleagues decide funding for every college in the state.

Don't expect either the House or Senate to conduct formal ethics investigations
of this affair -- such investigations are rarely called and almost never result
in any action against a legislator.

So, this incident is just another example of the good-ol' boy network working
fine -- one hand washing the other -- until someone squealed. Deseret Morning
News political editor Bob Bernick Jr. may be reached by e-mail at
bbjr@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 1, 2005 Saturday

UNDER THE DOME

BYLINE: AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 492 words


Doggett's few choice words

When a grand jury indicted U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Sugar Land, on Wednesday, it
was game time for the people in congressional offices who receive taxpayer
dollars to write biting prepared statements which, they hope, will land their
bosses in the next morning's newspapers.

Broadly speaking, Republicans attacked Travis County District Attorney Ronnie
Earle as a rabid partisan, and Democrats said the indictment showed that
Republicans have abused their power.

U.S. Rep. Lloyd Doggett, D-Austin, appeared to avoid the fray by releasing a
two-sentence "no comment." But upon closer reading, we found Doggett managed to
slip in the following words: "rampant corruption," "wrongdoing," "prosecution,"
"defendant" and, twice, "criminal."

Not bad for two sentences.

Doggett's statement in full: "Although I will continue to speak out against the
rampant corruption and wrongdoing in Washington, I have deliberately avoided
commenting on the prosecution of Tom DeLay and his cohorts. This criminal matter
is solely for the courts to resolve, and like any other criminal defendant,
DeLay deserves a fair trial."

-- Jason Embry

The lonely Republican

Surprisingly, though, one Republican candidate for governor jumped ship and
actually threw support squarely behind Earle.

Rick Perry? Yeah, right. Carole Keeton Strayhorn? Not quite.

The support came from Rhett Smith of San Antonio, a little-known candidate who
ran as a Democrat for U.S. Congress last year and is now challenging Perry and
Strayhorn for the 2006 GOP nomination.

"I feel we should stand up for law and order," Smith said Thursday. "We support
the important work of public integrity Ronnie Earle is doing."

That should get Republican voters to notice him.

-- Gary Susswein

Red ink in a red state?

Somebody call the Fire Department; a federal filing by the Republican Party of
Texas indicates that the red-hot GOP -- which holds 29 of 29 statewide offices
-- has plunged into red ink.

Through Aug. 31, the party's filing with the Federal Election Commission states
that the Texas GOP had $200,736 in cash on hand in its kitty for spending on
federal races. The party had $385,185 in debt and obligations including $173,417
billed by a Minnesota telemarketing firm.

Could the state's majority party be in financial strife?

No way, insisted Jennifer Webster, the GOP's Houston-based spokeswoman.

Webster said a software glitch resulted in $69,000 being counted twice in debt
and obligations; that will be fixed. She also said the telemarketers, raising
money for the party, sent a bill that might not reflect what ultimately gets
paid.

"We enjoy phenomenal growth both fiscally and at the polls," Webster said.

The Texas Democratic Party reported $2,545 cash on hand in its federal account
as of Aug. 31. The party reported $43,542 in debt and obligations.

Problem? Not at all, according to party Chairman Charles Soechting, who has
predicted revenue gains by Christmas.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 28, 1989

Justice Dept. Probing 1,000 HUD Cases

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Department of Justice is investigating about 1,000 cases of possible
wrongdoing and abuses of programs at the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, Attorney General Richard Thornburgh said last week.

According to law enforcement officials, at least 600 cases are considered "open"
and are being conducted by 93 U.S. Attorneys across the country.

Major investigations are being conducted in Denver, Ft. Worth and Dallas.

On the NBC program Meet The Press, Mr. Thornburgh described the investigations
as "difficult cases, as all white-collar crime cases are because they involve
very sophisticated schemes designed to conceal wrongdoing that's occured."

He added that, ". . . we're going to follow the evidence in the HUD matter to
insure that people engaged in wrongdoing are brought to justice."

Mr. Thornburgh declined to discuss the specifics of the investigations.

It is not yet known how much in losses HUD has suffered as a result of fraud.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

BUSINESS DIGEST - EARNINGS

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 920 words

DATELINE: 0


DIGEST

'Cease and desist' order filed - Missouri securities regulators have accused an
O'Fallon, Mo., man of fraudulently raising $4 million from investors, some of
them members of his church.

The secretary of state's office filed a "cease and desist" order against Kevin
Brown of Invision Investments. Such orders tell a person to stop violating
securities laws.

Brown and his firm could not be reached for comment.

Secretary of State Robin Carnahan's office said Brown raised $4 million from
about 80 investors, including 20 in Missouri. Some, like Brown, were members of
the United Pentecostal Church International.

Brown managed two real estate investment companies, both named Invision
Investments, in St. Louis and Columbus, Ohio. Carnahan's office alleges that
Brown induced people to invest in his real estate businesses and issued notes
promising to pay up to 25 percent annual interest.

Brown also is accused of persuading investors to buy stock through him in
Ubiquity Broadcasting Co. of California, telling some that the company was about
to "go public" at a substantial profit to investors.

Brown wasn't licensed to sell securities, the state said.

He faces possible fines of more than $85,000 and orders to return $4 million to
investors. The action against him is civil, not criminal. (Jim Gallagher)

Panera settles suit - Panera Bread Co. disclosed Monday in a regulatory filing
it has agreed to pay $5 million to settle class-action suits filed by former
employees who alleged the bakery-cafe chain failed to pay overtime and provide
breaks at some company or franchised stores in California.

The settlement requires approval in California Superior Court, but Sunset
Hills-based Panera said it has set aside $5 million to pay claims. The company
has denied liability and wrongdoing and makes no admission of wrongdoing in
connection with the proposed settlement, Panera said.

Suits filed in 2009 and last year in Contra Costa and San Bernardino counties
accused the company of violating the California Labor Code, failure to pay
overtime, failure to provide meal and rest periods and "termination
compensation," plus violations of California's Unfair Competition Law.

Panera operates in the St. Louis area as St. Louis Bread Co. (Tim Bryant)

Laclede retirement date set - Laclede Group Inc. says chairman Douglas H. Yaeger
will retire from the company's board of directors Jan. 31 - the same date he
departs as chief executive.

"Although the board asked me to serve the remaining year of my term, after
thoughtful consideration I have decided not to do so," Yaeger said in a
statement.

Yaeger, 62, announced at the beginning of the year that he would retire as CEO
in February. His successor in that post is Suzanne Sitherwood, an Atlanta
utility executive who joined the company as president in September.

Laclede Group is the parent of Laclede Gas Co., Missouri's largest natural gas
utility, with about 630,000 customers. (Jeffrey Tomich)

Covidien announces purchase - Dublin-based Covidien PLC, a drug and medical
device maker with operations in Hazelwood, said Monday it will buy privately
held Barrx Medical Inc. for about $325 million.

Barrx, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., makes a device that uses radio frequencies to
treat Barrett's esophagus syndrome, a precancerous condition that is often the
result of heartburn and can lead to esophageal cancer.

Covidien said it expects to complete the acquisition by Jan. 31. The company's
Mallinckrodt Pharmaceutical and Mallinckrodt Imaging units are based in
Hazelwood. (Tim Bryant)

Google expands program - Online search engine company Google is expanding its
daily deal program, Google Offers, to St. Louis today.

Five other cities also will debut deals through Google Offers today: Detroit;
Long Beach, Calif.; Fort Worth, Texas; Sacramento, Calif.; and Indianapolis.

Google began offering the service in 26 cities earlier this year. Its first
local deal is for 52 percent off food and drinks at Zia's on the Hill Italian
restaurant.

Mountain View, Calif.-based Google joins a crowded landscape, as numerous other
daily deal programs have debuted in recent years following the success of
Groupon, which launched in November 2008. The Post-Dispatch has its own daily
deal site, Today's Deal, on STLtoday.com. (Lisa Brown)

EARNINGS

- Hewlett-Packard reported lower revenue and earnings Monday. The technology
company reported that net income in the fourth fiscal quarter fell 91 percent,
to $200 million, or 12 cents a share, from $2.5 billion, or $1.10 a share, in
the year-ago quarter. The quarter includes after-tax costs of closing its webOS
software business of $2.1 billion. The company said revenue fell 3 percent, to
$32.1 billion, from $33.3 billion in the same quarter a year ago.

- Tyson Foods' net income for the fourth quarter was less than half of what it
was last year, the meat producer said Monday, with higher grain costs offsetting
better prices and revenue, particularly in its chicken business. While there
were operating income declines of $3 million and $12 million for beef and pork,
respectively, that metric tumbled $223 million for chicken, meaning that an
operating income of $141 million last year in chicken turned into an operating
loss of $82 million in the final quarter.

Tyson posted a net income of $97 million, or 26 cents per share, for the final
quarter of the year, compared with $213 million, or 57 cents per share, a year
ago. The results fell short of the 31 cents per share that analysts had
expected, according to a survey by FactSet.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Pensions & Investments
                                 Print Version

                                 June 15, 2015

Clients view managers apart from tainted parents

BYLINE: JAMES COMTOIS

SECTION: Pg. 2 Vol. 43

LENGTH: 945  words


Banks' admitted wrongdoing seems to have little to no effect on clients of their
asset management businesses.

Banks such as Deutsche Bank AG, Credit Suisse Group AG, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
and UBS Group AG have recently admitted to violating U.S. securities, banking or
other laws. But while some critics and lawmakers are fuming over giving money
managers affiliated with such banks free passes in the form of exemptions from
the Department of Labor and waivers from the Securities and Exchange Commission,
many clients are less concerned.

"From our perspective, these firms have various businesses within their
corporations and they're separated," said Vicki Hearing, spokeswoman for State
of Wisconsin Investment Board, Madison. "It's an individual section of their
company."

SWIB, which oversees $106.2 billion, in April committed $150 million to UBS
Trumbull Property Fund managed by UBS Global Asset Management and $120 million
to J.P. Morgan Strategic Property Fund managed by J.P. Morgan Asset Management.
Both are open-end, core real estate funds.

In May, UBS Group AG agreed to pay a $203 million penalty after pleading guilty
to manipulating the London interbank offered rate and other benchmark interest
rates. Also in May, J.P. Morgan Chase was one of four banks that agreed to
settle charges of conspiring to manipulate the price of U.S. dollars and euros
exchanged in the foreign-exchange spot market.

In May 2014, Credit Suisse pleaded guilty to helping U.S. citizens avoid paying
taxes. In April of this year, Deutsche Bank agreed to settle charges that it
manipulated the London interbank offered rate.

Separate entity

Ian Toner, director of strategic research at Seattle-based consultant Verus,
said unless there's evidence the money management division was involved in the
wrongdoing the investment bank admits, institutional investors should treat the
money management arm as a separate entity.

"The asset manager and investment bank are typically very separate," Mr. Toner
said. "The person who's trading foreign exchange is not the person who's
worrying about foreign exchange for the asset manager. In many cases, they're in
different offices, sometimes even in different countries."

The asset owners that Pensions & Investments spoke with shared this sentiment.

David Peden, chief investment officer of Kentucky Retirement Systems, said in an
e-mail "the unit of Deutsche Bank that was charged in the LIBOR scandal was DB
Group Services U.K. To my knowledge, that is a separate group than the group
responsible for the Private Equity Secondary Opportunity Fund."

The $16 billion pension Frankfort-based fund in September committed $100 million
to DB Secondary Opportunities Fund III, a private equity fund managed by
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management.

Mr. Peden added: "While we are not happy to see negative headlines associated
with an affiliated entity of a business partner, as long as the decision makers
we work with are not directly involved with the wrongdoing, we will put the
situation into the appropriate context, and at this time we see no issues
continuing to work with the Deutsche Bank business partners we have chosen."

In June, Connecticut Treasurer Denise L. Nappier, principal fiduciary for the
$29.6 billion Connecticut Retirement Plans & Trust Funds, Hartford, committed up
to $150 million to Nutmeg Opportunities Fund II, a fund managed by JPMAM's
private equity group that would target opportunistic private equity investments
in Connecticut companies.

Ms. Nappier told P&I in an e-mail that although she was "acutely aware of the
issues facing the bank, including the most recent revelations," there "are no
current plans to terminate our commitment or to place J.P. Morgan Chase on
watch."

She added: "We have engaged J.P. Morgan Chase over the past several years,
raising serious concerns. We expect the firm to learn from its past mistakes and
take concrete steps to ensure future compliance."

Melissa Vince, a spokeswoman for Ohio Bureau of Workers' Compensation, Columbus,
also said in an e-mail that J.P. Morgan's recent guilty plea to the
currency-rigging probe charges will have no impact on the $23 billion State
Insurance Fund's $725 million investment with JPMAM in active domestic core-plus
fixed income.

"The mandate is for domestic bonds and does not include foreign-exchange
exposure on equities," Ms. Vince said.

Consultant Michael Rosen, principal and CIO of Angeles Investment Advisors,
Santa Monica, Calif., told P&I that although he hasn't observed any
repercussions to the money management arms from the violations that occurred
elsewhere in those organizations, "these violations should raise questions about
the nature of the partnership that investors have with managers."

"To my knowledge, there's no evidence of wrongdoing within the asset management
groups. So there's logic to separating the asset manager from the rest of the
organization," Mr. Rosen said. "But it's not completely apart. There is a
connection."

Mr. Rosen added that this connection "is providing profits to a larger
organization" that has been involved in wrongdoing, which is another factor
investors should consider when hiring a money manager.

"Asset owners need to ask: Will this impact the team I'm investing with, and is
this a cultural issue?" said Tim Barron, CIO at consultant Segal Rogerscasey in
Darien, Conn.

Mr. Barron added: "There is the moral element. If (the banking firm has) done
all these terrible guilty things, doesn't that mean that (the) organization at
its core is flawed? Truthfully, though, these organizations are so massive that
I think it's exceedingly rare that one can translate this into, 'OK, Firm X is
bad.'"

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                             July 23, 2000, Sunday

US officials cleared of blame for Waco

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 145 words


ST LOUIS: An outside investigator yesterday absolved Attorney-General Janet Reno
and the US government of wrongdoing in the 1993 siege and fire at the Branch
Davidian compound near Waco, Texas, saying the group's leaders set the blaze and
shot at their own people.

"There is no evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of Attorney-General Reno,
the present and former director of the FBI, other high officials of the United
States or members of the FBI hostage team who fired pyrotechnic tear gas on
April 19, 1993," former Senator John Danforth, a Republican from Missouri, told
a news conference.

Mr Danforth was appointed 10 months ago to make the investigation, after members
of Congress alleged there had been a cover-up of government wrongdoing.

About 80 sect members, including leader David Koresh, died in the fire which
followed the 51-day siege.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STE

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton: it's 'time to move on' from Benghazi questions; Republicans say it's
unlikely

BYLINE: Matthew Daly, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 685  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton says it's "time to move on" after a congressional report on the
deadly 2012 Benghazi attacks accused the obama administration of lethal
mistakes, but produced no new evidence pointing to wrongdoing by the former
secretary of state.

Not likely, especially in an election year with Clinton's presidential rival -
donald Trump - lashing out.

An 800-page report by a special house committee makes no direct accusations of
wrongdoing by Clinton, who was secretary of state during the sept. 11, 2012,
attacks that killed four americans, including u.s. ambassador Chris stevens.

Still, republicans point to Benghazi as a major failure by the administration
and by Clinton during her tenure leading the state department. The issue is
likely to shadow Clinton as she continues her bid for president.

"Four americans died, yet no one has been fired. no one even missed a
paycheque," said rep. ed royce, r-Calif., chairman of the house Foreign affairs
Committee. "americans - including all our men and women serving overseas -
deserve better."

Clinton, now the presumptive democratic nominee for president, said the report
by republicans on the house Benghazi Committee took more than two years and $7
million but "found nothing to contradict" the findings of earlier
investigations.

"i'll leave it to others to characterize this report but i think it's pretty
clear it's time to move on," Clinton said a campaign stop in denver Tuesday.

Republicans were not ready to let the issue go, especially with an election that
will decide who occupies the White house and which party will control the house
and senate. The Benghazi panel has scheduled a July 8 meeting to formally adopt
the report - 10 days before the republican national Convention begins in
Cleveland.

Sen. Kelly ayotte, a new hampshire republican facing a tough re-election race,
said the administration "ignored a deteriorating security situation" in
Benghazi, "and the state department disregarded repeated requests for increased
security."

Trump said on Twitter that "Benghazi is just another hillary Clinton failure. it
just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton."

Meanwhile, stevens' sister said she does not blame Clinton for her brother's
death.

Dr. anne stevens, chief of pediatric rheumatology at seattle Children's
hospital, told the new yorker magazine that in hindsight, it's clear the
Benghazi facility "was not sufficiently protected by the state department and
the defence department."

But stevens added, "i do not blame hillary Clinton or (former defence secretary)
leon panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions
around the world. and their staffs were doing their best to provide what they
could with the resources they had. ... perhaps if Congress had provided a budget
to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the
requests for more security in libya would have been granted."

Even after issuing the report, the committee's work is not over. The panel was
interviewing a witness Wednesday who posted on Facebook that he was a crew chief
based in europe on the night of the attacks. a committee spokesman said the
interview would be posted on the panel's website and any information he provides
can be added to the report.

Democrats called the interview ridiculous.

The libya attacks have been political fodder from the start, given their timing
in the weeks before president Barack obama's re-election, and that has not
abated despite seven previous congressional investigations. There has been
finger-pointing on both sides over security at the diplomatic outpost and
whether Clinton and the White house initially tried to portray the assault as a
protest over an offensive, anti-Muslim video, instead of a calculated terrorist
attack.

The prolonged investigation into the attacks has also been marked by partisan
sniping. republicans accuse the administration of stonewalling important
documents and witnesses, while democrats say the panel's primary goal is to
undermine Clinton's presidential bid. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Harnik, Associated Press; Democratic presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton speaks while visiting Galvanize, a work space for technology
companies, in Denver, Tuesday. While there Clinton said the House Benghazi
committee found nothing different than previous investigations into Benghazi.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 21, 2000 Friday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 688 words


WE'LL MISS KERREY

One cannot argue with Sen. Bob Kerrey's decision not to seek a third term in the
Senate. One can be sad about it. Kerrey has devoted a large portion of his life
to public service and has done it with grace, charm and intellect.

I am a former Nebraskan with strong loyalties to the state. For all of us Kerrey
has been a source of pride. His courageous stands on issues that were not always
popular among the electorate demonstrated his independence and his integrity.

All Nebraskans should thank the senator for his devotion to the people he served
and for the manner in which he served. He set a standard by which any future
Nebraska governor or senator will be judged -- a standard of accomplishment,
dedication and humility. This country will surely miss his presence on the floor
of the Senate.

Rabbi Morris J. Allen, Mendota Heights, Minn.

CORPORATE IMMUNITY

Thomas F. Harrison wrote that "Americans are no longer taking out their anger
about corporate wrongdoing at the ballot box; now they're doing it in the jury
box" (LJS, Jan. 15). When at both national and state levels we have lawmakers
and administrators that won't confront corporate wrongdoing, why wouldn't juries
try to redress the balance?

But in George W. Bush's Texas, corporate wealth has so corrupted the
civil-justice system and so controlled lawmaking, that when juries there even
attempt to redress wrongs the courts rule them out of order (see the article by
Robert Sherrill in The Nation, Jan. 24). And if Bush becomes president, won't he
and his corporate allies work to pass legislation and appoint judges so as to
achieve the same corporate immunity for the whole nation?

Robert Narveson, Lincoln

PLATE PROBLEM

Last October I licensed my Mazda pickup at the tag station at 47th and R
streets. Yesterday I received a letter saying that I was given the wrong type of
plates for my truck and that I needed to bring the plates back to the station
and exchange them for the right plates. Also I would have to pay any additional
taxes that may be due. I can understand mistakes being made due to the large
volume of plates being issued, but the treatment I received is another story.

When I went back to exchange the plates I complained about having to take time
off from work to correct a problem that I did not cause. I was met with replies
like, "Well, didn't you look at the plates when you got them?" as if it were my
irresponsibility that caused the problem. And, "We're going to make mistakes
like this with as many plates as we do in a day."

Isn't there a system of checks and balances in place to ensure that proper tags
are given out? If I had been stopped by a police officer I would have received a
ticket for improper registration. Personnel in the business of serving the
people that pay their wages through tax dollars should be a little more
sensitive to the needs of the taxpayer. I ended up losing half a day's wages
because of their mistake as I had to take time off from work, and all I get is,
"Well, didn't you look at the plates when you got them?"

Rick Lottman, Lincoln

ROTTEN THIEF

It's been almost two weeks since I went to Payless and purchased seven sheets of
plywood. I thought it might blow off so I put a Venetian blind, a shovel, a
scraper and a doorstop from the pickup on the plywood.

Upon leaving Payless I went south to Cornhusker Highway and turned left. Three
pieces of plywood slid out. I wasn't aware of this until someone drove up and
honked and said, "You lost some of your plywood."

I was about two blocks away and the traffic was heavy. When I could get turned
around and get back to 27th and Cornhusker I found someone had tossed the broken
plywood to the side of the road, loaded up the Venetian blind, shovel, scraper
and doorstop and left.

I hope your children were not with you, because if they think Dad can steal and
get away with it, they'll ask, "Why can't I?"

My phone number is in Lost and Found if you would like to return the plywood and
other things. I will pay the reward.

If you intend to keep it, I hope you rot in hell, because that is where people
who steal should be.

Kenneth G. Stickney, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

Massey settles Rawl lawsuit

BYLINE: Julia Roberts Goad, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 639 words


July 28--MORGANTOWN --While admitting to no wrongdoing, Massey energy settled a
case brought by more than 700 people who claim the coal company poisoned their
water supply.

Circuit Judge Alan Moats, who serves on West Virginia's Mass Litigation Panel,
said he and Judge Derek Swope worked with the lawyers until nearly 4 a.m.
Wednesday to hammer out an agreement in Charleston. The financial terms will not
be disclosed, but Moats said that as is typical in a settlement, Massey admits
no wrongdoing.

"We're pleased we were able to find an agreeable resolution for all parties,"
said Rick Nida, spokesman for Virginia-based Alpha Natural Resources. Alpha
became involved in the case when it bought Massey for $7.1 billion in June and
has been considering a deal that would satisfy both sides, he said.

"Hopefully, no other West Virginia community will ever again be subjected to
such a blatant abuse of basic human needs," said Bruce Stanley, an attorney for
the plantiffs.

The settlement ends a seven-year-long legal battle between Massey, its
subsidiary Rawl Sales and Processing, and the residents of Rawl, Sprigg,
Merrimac and the surrounding communities.

The plaintiffs claimed the companies contaminated their aquifer and wells by
pumping 1.4 billion gallons of toxic coal slurry into worked-out underground
mines between 1978 and 1987.

Kevin Thompson, a lawyer for the Rawl residents, told the Daily News the
settlement is the latest in a series of actions forcing Massey to take
responsibility for contaminating the residents' water.

"In 2006 they won an injunction banning Massey from injecting slurry in Mingo
County," Thompson explained. "Later in 2006 they won an injunction forcing
Massey to provide temporary water. In 2007 they finally got a pipeline carrying
city water. Earlier this year we secured a five million dollar fund for medical
monitoring."

Thompson said the case involved health issues such as for cancer, kidney stones,
brain damage, constant diarrhea, cysts, rashes and wrongful death. He said the
judges also resolved the claims involving property value.

The case would have been heard in a series of trials, with the first seven cases
covering only 17 plaintiffs. That left hundreds more cases that would have tied
up the courts for months.

Kevin Thompson said medical care provided by the settlement is essential to the
well being of his clients.

"The most important feature of the settlement is the provision of catastrophic
health care so that the people can afford to treat the cancer and kidney
failures likely to be uncovered by the medical monitoring plan," he said. "We
had no choice but to recommend this settlement because the health care package
is going to save the lives of people I have come to love. Too many people have
died already."

Rawl resident Donetta Blankenship, whose case would have been among the first
tried, says she suffered life-threatening liver problems in 2005 and 2006 that
she believes were caused by the tainted water. She's since had medical treatment
and now gets her water from a public system. Today, Blankenship says, she's
healthy.

"I'm thankful it's over," she said, adding that she hopes the residents' victory
sends a message to other communities facing battles with corporations like
Massey.

"People can see that they don't have to put up with it anymore," said
Blankenship, 44. "I want everybody all over the country to find out they don't
have to do that. They can fight and stick together. They can fight and win."

To see more of the Williamson Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.williamsondailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Williamson Daily
News, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110728-UX-Massey-settles-Rawl-lawsuit-0728-20110728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                                 Copyright 2011


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 8, 1992 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BASEBALL;
UM'S JOHNSON, ALKIRE FINALISTS FOR TOP AMATEUR PLAYER AWARD

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 721 words


The United States Baseball Federation announced Wednesday that University

of Miami catcher Charles Johnson and pitcher Jeff Alkire are finalists for the
15th annual Golden Spikes Award as the nation's outstanding amateur baseball

player. The winner will be announced Nov. 17. Johnson, a Fort Pierce Westwood
graduate and a catcher on the Olympic team, is a finalist for the second year in
a row. Alkire, a left-handed pitcher from San Jose, Calif., had a 14-3

record in leading Miami to a tie for third at the College World Series. As a

senior at UM, Alkire was a consensus All-America honors and had a 2-0 record

at Barcelona for the Olympic team. Other finalists are Darren Dreifort (RHP,

Wichita State), Jeffrey Hammonds (OF, Stanford), Brooks Kieschnick (P/DH,

Texas); Phil Nevin (3B, Cal State-Fullerton), Lloyd Peever (RHP, LSU), Mike

Smith (SS, Indiana), and Michael Tucker (SS, Longwood College).

IN THE COURTS

UMASS PROBE GOES TO STATE

A Massachusetts House committee referred its investigation into wrongdoing at
the University of Massachusetts at Amherst's School of Physical Education

to the state attorney general, citing potential criminal wrongdoing. An

inquiry involved interviews with more than 70 people and an evaluation of more
than 50,000 documents. The alleged spending abuses in the university sports

program also have been probed by a university administrator. Legislators began
their inquiry after alumni, angered by the resignation of football coach Jim

Reid in January, demanded an accounting of funds. Reid quit over cuts in his

scholarship program.

* Former Alabama basketball coach Wimp Sanderson said public relations

work is fine for now, but hopes there's another coaching job in his future.

Sanderson resigned May 18 after 13 seasons as Alabama's head coach. His former
secretary is suing him, claiming he struck her in his office. Sanderson works
for Great Southern Wood Products in Abbeville, Ala.

BOWLING

HRICSINA WINS AT NAPLES

John Hricsina recovered from an open first frame with seven straight

strikes en route to a 245-207 victory over Jerry Brunette Sr. in the title

match of the $75,000 Hammer Naples Senior Open. Hricsina, who won $8,000, was
top seed here last year but lost in the championship game to Robert Gibbs.

Brunette, who was making his first finals appearance, defeated Gibbs 257-237

in the semifinal match.

* Australian Carol Gianotti beat Dede Davidson 178-168 in the final match to win
the $75,000 Columbia 300 Delaware Open at Claymont. Gianotti won her

second title of the year and $13,500.

HOCKEY

STEROIDS FOUND WITH KORDIC

A bottle of the same anabolic steroid that cost Ben Johnson his gold medal in
the 1988 Olympics was found in hockey enforcer John Kordic's motel room the day
he died, a coroner's inquest was told in Quebec. Constable Jean-Marie

Vallee of the Quebec provincial police said 42 syringes and three bottles of

steroids were found in Kordic's hotel room. One of the steroids was

stanozolol, the same drug for which Johnson tested positive in Seoul after

winning the 100-meter dash.

AUTO RACING

KULWICKI WINS MELLO YELLO POLE

Alan Kulwicki broke a record at Charlotte Motor Speedway and gave him the pole
position for the Mello Yello 500. Kulwicki, who took his sixth pole this season,
covered the 11/2-mile tri-oval in a Ford at 179.027 mph. He was the

sixth driver to eclipse the mark of 176.499 set by Mark Martin in qualifying

for last year's Mello Yello 500. The record was set before a crowd announced

at 62,500 for the qualifying at night for an official Winston Cup event.

OLYMPICS

HALL OF FAME TO INDUCT SIX

High jumper Dick Fosbury and skier Phil Mahre will be among six Olympic

gold medalists inducted Saturday into the U.S. Olympic Hall of Fame. The

hall's 10th class also includes Milton Campbell (decathlon), Connie Carpenter
Phinney (cycling), Micki King Hogue (diving) and the late Helene Madison

(swimming). They join 143 previous inductees, including five U.S. teams.

SOCCER

VANCOUVER JOINS APSL

The Vancouver 86ers will play in the American Professional Soccer League

next year. The 86ers played in the Canadian Soccer League the past six

seasons, winning four straight league and playoff championships from 1988-91. *
Diego Maradona scored his first goal since returning to soccer after a

15-month drug suspension to lead Seville over Zaragoza 1-0 in a Spanish first-
division match.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  In Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1992 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 12, 2008 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

FBI Interviews Bowden as Part of Probe;
Nats' GM Denies Wrongdoing As Investigation Continues

BYLINE: Chico Harlan; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E07

LENGTH: 445 words


Washington Nationals General Manager Jim Bowden met recently with
representatives of the FBI as part of a probe examining the illegal signing
practices of international players, especially those from the Dominican
Republic, Bowden said last night.

Bowden, according to a report from ESPN.com that cited unnamed sources, is the
highest-ranking baseball official yet involved in the widening investigation,
which is examining the skimming of bonus money allotted for Dominican prospects.
Bowden denied any wrongdoing or involvement in illegal activity -- on his part
or his team's part. Implicated sources face the possibility of felony fraud
charges.

JosÃ© Rijo, an assistant general manager and the director of Washington's
involvement in the Dominican Republic, will also be a part of the investigation.
Rijo, currently at the team's Dominican baseball academy, said last night that
Bowden called him two days ago to notify him that the FBI wanted to schedule an
interview. Rijo will meet with investigators once he returns to the District in
several weeks.

Asked if he had any knowledge of or involvement with money-skimming within the
Washington organization, Bowden said: "No. Absolutely not.

"There's no wrongdoing. We've met with FBI investigators. There are many people
throughout baseball that are going to be talking with the FBI and Major League
Baseball trying to help get all the information out there for the problems that
exist over there. We're there to help. But at no time when I met with the FBI
were the questions revolving around myself or JosÃ© Rijo."

Bowden declined to discuss the specifics of his conversation with investigators,
nor would he say when the meeting occurred. Bowden and Rijo said they believe
that the investigation involves all 30 Major League Baseball franchises.

"Honestly I'm not worried about it," Rijo said last night in a telephone
interview. I am very happy that they're investigating the Dominican -- and
whatever they want to look at, I'm available. I don't want to say anything to
interrupt the investigation, but we're as clean as a whistle. I guarantee you.
We're as clean as Irish Spring soap. We haven't been charged with anything."

The investigation, which includes the involvement of baseball's own
investigators, was triggered by illegal activities discovered earlier this year
among Chicago White Sox front-office personnel. Chicago player personnel
director David Wilder, along with two others, was fired in May after a team
investigation found what was called "actions in Latin America that were
violations of club policy and standards." Those violations involved the skimming
of money for prospects, the ESPN report said.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 28, 1994, Monday

State probes alleged scam to buy greenhouses 100 made purchases at $ 15,000 to $
28,800

BYLINE: By Shelley Emling STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 6

LENGTH: 800 words


Lee and Sue Nall purchased a greenhouse from National Nurseries Inc. last summer
because the company's newspaper advertisement said they could earn as much as $
5,300 a month on a $ 15,000 investment by selling plants to large retailers.

But what the ad failed to tell the Newnan couple was that National Nurseries is
partly owned by Claude Blanc Jr., a convicted felon who's been behind a long
string of fraudulent business deals.

"We were told we'd be able to recoup our costs in about 10 months," said Lee
Nall, who has earned barely $ 2,000 in eight months. "It sounded so great
because they would be marketing the plants to retailers."

Over the last 18 months, National Nurseries has sold greenhouses costing $
15,000 to $ 28,800 to about 100 people in Georgia, Florida, North Carolina and
South Carolina.

In Georgia, the Governor's Office of Consumer Affairs has accused the company of
conning the Nalls and others like them into buying greenhouses through promises
of inflated income and tales of fictitious agreements with retailers. The
consumer agency has scheduled a Tuesday hearing for Blanc and will decide
whether the company can continue to operate in the state.

Costly promises

Standing in one of the 100-foot greenhouses he owns in Dawsonville, Blanc denies
that he is running a scam and says the newspaper ads that guaranteed high
monthly incomes were pulled in September.

"The worst I've ever done is maybe to get worked up about something and to tell
someone that they can make more than they wound up making," the 51-year-old
Blanc said.

But that's exactly what keeps getting him in trouble. Over the past 20 years,
Blanc's promises have cost him at least 42 months in prison and thousands of
dollars in fines, and have placed him under intense scrutiny by the Federal
Trade Commission (FTC). Court records dating back to 1982 reported his
involvement in at least 14 allegedly fraudulent companies.

In May 1978, three months after National Nurseries was incorporated in Georgia,
the securities commissioner in Arkansas ordered the company to stop doing
business there after Blanc placed ads in Arkansas newspapers promising earnings
as high as $ 12,000 a year.

Lee Nall had been laid off in January 1989 from his job as a pilot with Eastern
Airlines. Eager to earn extra income and indulge a hobby, the Nalls took out a
home equity loan to purchase their 12-by-16-foot greenhouse. Today, they're
stuck with payments of $ 400 a month and have asked for a refund.

"When our plants were ready, we'd call the company so that they could pick them
up, and they'd just keep saying they'd be out next week, always next week," Lee
Nall said.

Blanc blames the problems on Amicalola Landscaping and Lawn Service, a
financially troubled company that he says reneged on agreements with greenhouse
owners to buy plants and sell them to retailers.

But Tommy Stowers, owner of the small Dawsonville company, says it was Blanc who
reneged on a deal with him. Stowers says Blanc approached him several months ago
and offered to pay $ 1,000 for each greenhouse sold as long as Blanc could use
Amicalola's name and reputation to persuade people to buy greenhouses. Stowers
says he never received more than a few hundred dollars and has disassociated
himself from Blanc.

$ 4,000 for a spiritual reward

In the late 1970s, Blanc was charged in a federal indictment with guaranteeing
income to investors in 10 states willing to buy distributorships for
best-selling Christian paperback books. Blanc's ad asked for a minimum
investment of $ 4,000 for a "high spiritual and financial reward."

In the late 1980s, Blanc sold opportunities to get into the vending machine
business for as much as $ 16,000. The FTC sued Blanc for numerous
misrepresentations and the case was settled last week. About $ 300,000 of the
company's assets have been frozen and hundreds of consumers will receive a
refund.

This time, Blanc has latched on to the greenhouse business again, and experts
agree that his timing couldn't be better. Georgia's flower growers now earn
about $ 200 million a year.

But while the idea is good, the greenhouses aren't. Most of the heating and
cooling systems are inadequate, and the design requires shelving so that one
flat of plants is immediately above the next, which prevents the plants from
getting sunshine.

"It is my opinion that consumers might make about $ 240 a month, and that's if
they did absolutely everything right," said Paul Thomas, a floriculturist with
the University of Georgia Cooperative Extension Service, who received more than
60 complaints on the greenhouses. "In the three years I've been stationed in
Georgia, these are the first complaints I've ever had about a greenhouse."

Staff writer Mimi Fuller Foster contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940890368

GRAPHIC: Photo: Susan and Lee Nall transplant begonias which have grown too
large for their original containers./ MARLENE KARAS / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Lurie says Vick did nothing wrong

BYLINE: By Jeff McLane and Jonathan Tamari; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 726 words


BETHLEHEM, Pa. - Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie said Michael Vick showed a lapse in
judgment in hosting a June birthday party that ended in gunfire but was not
guilty of any "wrongdoing" and therefore did not deserve to be punished.

Lurie, who a year ago said Vick had "no room for error," told reporters
Wednesday that if any of the investigations by the team, the NFL, probation
officials, and the Virginia authorities had showed "any wrongdoing" then "there
would have been no tolerance for that."

But, he said it would be unfair to end the quarterback's career over an incident
that, in the eyes of the Eagles, amounted to no "wrongdoing."

"That was a lapse of judgment," Lurie said during his annual state-of-the-Eagles
news conference. "Nothing he did was factually creating any wrongdoing.

"He shouldn't have been there. But he was trying to appease some people from his
old neighborhood and family. So, let's give support. Let's not jump to judgment,
and let's deal with the facts."

In his first public comments on the matter, Lurie referred to the "facts" of the
incident 11 times in his 37-minute news conference, but he, like the NFL,
refused to disclose what the team learned when it investigated the party and
subsequent shooting.

"The facts are that there was no wrongdoing. If obviously that's wrong, that
will become apparent. You can only deal with the facts. That's all you can deal
with. I can't sit here and deal with rumors, innuendos, and all sorts of things.
It's just not productive," Lurie said.

The owner was asked if he knew what interaction Vick had with Quanis Phillips,
the man who reportedly was shot in the leg and who also was a codefendant in
Vick's dog-fighting case.

"I don't know that whatsoever," Lurie said. "I'm just basing it on the
investigations exactly that there was no wrongdoing. We have been over this
already."

There have been multiple reports that Vick had a confrontation before the
shooting that occurred in the early hours of June 25. Police have said Vick was
not a suspect in the shooting, and he was not charged with any crime.

The prosecutor told the Associated Press that Vick was not involved in any
"aggressive" conduct and extricated himself from the situation.

Vick refused to discuss details of what happened the night of his birthday party
and what interaction, if any, he had with Phillips.

"I won't address the situation, what happened. Everything was put out there on
the table from the beginning," he said.

"Any questions pertaining to football I will answer, but any questions
pertaining to what happened that night I won't answer because I'm just trying to
move forward. I feel like I've already answered those questions."

Vick found out Tuesday, after his meeting with commissioner Roger Goodell, that
the NFL would not punish him for his involvement in the party. Goodell said that

 Vick would be held to "even higher standards."

"It's no biggie," Vick said about the higher standards. "I'm a changed man
anyway, so that's going to be easy. Trust me."

Asked about facing "zero tolerance" for missteps, Vick said athletes do it every
day and still enjoy themselves.

"It's not hard to live a zero-tolerance life. You just put yourself in the right
positions at all times and think through situations thoroughly," Vick said.

Vick, who remains popular among many fans, could still be an "agent of change,"
Lurie said. The owner used those words to describe his hopes for Vick when the
team signed him a year ago.

"The types of communities that he speaks at and spends time with, these kids,
they are very different than any of us sitting in this room right now," Lurie
said. "They understand to a large degree what he's trying to do and what crimes
he's committed and how he's trying to make up for it. So that's a powerful voice
and potential role model."

Lurie said that he understood that his decision, much like the choice to sign
Vick, would incite a particular segment of the Eagles' fan base.

"Those that hated that we signed Michael Vick or were very upset that we signed
Michael Vick, and believe me, I understand that completely, would probably be
quicker to jump and say, 'Showed lapse of judgment. That's a huge mistake. End
of career,' " Lurie said. "I don't feel that way."

Contact staff writer Jeff McLane at 215-854-4745 or jmclane@phillynews.com.
Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Jeff_McLane.


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 24, 2003, Friday, FINAL EDITION

SEC passes corporate reform rules

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 484 words

Confounding critics who have accused him of coddling powerful financial
interests, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Harvey Pitt pushed
through a new rule Thursday requiring mutual fund managers to disclose how they
cast their proxy votes.

The SEC also adopted a rule requiring corporate lawyers who encounter fraud to
report that fraud to a client's management and board of directors.

The measures are part of a series of reforms by the SEC that, while the most
sweeping in seven decades, have drawn criticism that they don't go far enough.
But in adopting the mutual fund proposal by a 4-1 vote, the SEC ignored dire
warnings from industry leaders and said transparency was more important than the
costs that additional disclosure might cause.


"This is a tremendous victory for corporate reform," said Richard Trumka,
secretary-treasurer of the AFL-CIO.

Support for this once-obscure issue grew last year with the disclosure that
representatives of Deutsche Bank decided to vote in favor of the
Hewlett-Packard/Compaq merger after H-P gave Deutsche a lucrative banking deal.

"What Harvey Pitt did today was absolutely wonderful," said Nell Minow, editor
of The Corporate Library, a shareholder rights advocate. "In future years, he
will be seen as one of the SEC's great leaders."

Pitt, a former securities lawyer who was named SEC chairman 18 months ago, was
criticized throughout 2002 for his responses to scandals at Enron, WorldCom and
Tyco.

After a series of public relations blunders, ending in the unsuccessful
selection of Judge William Webster to head a new accounting oversight board,
Pitt announced his resignation in November. But he has stayed on to steer the
SEC through a busy period of rule-making dictated by the Sarbanes-Oxley bill.

On another contentious subject -- whether to force lawyers who find corporate
wrongdoing to breach the attorney-client privilege-- the SEC adopted a rule
forcing them to report the activity to management.

The SEC stopped short of its original proposal that would compel lawyers to
publicly disclose a client's wrongdoing. But it extended the public comment
period 60 days, signaling it might still adopt that controversial rule.

Under the rule adopted Thursday, lawyers who encounter corporate wrongdoing must
report it to management and, if management doesn't respond, to the board of the
directors. If the board still doesn't take action after being confronted with
evidence of wrongdoing, the lawyers are expected to quit representing the
company, and the board would be required to tell the SEC why outside counsel
withdrew.

"It looks like they're trying to grope their way towards a balance between the
need to protect the attorney-client privilege and the need to get information
(to) the government," says Steve Crimmins, a former SEC attorney now at Pepper
Hamilton.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             March 1, 2005 Tuesday

Treasurer distances himself from PAC at trial

BYLINE: Laylan Copelin, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 763 words


Lawyers for Democratic candidates on Monday accused Bill Ceverha, treasurer for
Texans for a Republican Majority, of illegally raising and spending corporate
money to help Republicans take over the Legislature in 2002, then failing to
report the money.

Ceverha, the last remaining defendant in the civil lawsuit brought by five
Democrats who lost in the 2002 election, took the stand on the first day of his
trial and denied any wrongdoing. He and his lawyer, Terry Scarborough, spent
most of the afternoon going document by document to separate Ceverha from the
day-to-day operations of the political action committee.

What emerged was a battle line over Ceverha's role. Was Ceverha "the most active
board member" for the PAC who consciously circumvented state election laws, as
the Democrats allege? Or was, as Ceverha's lawyer mockingly argued, the former
Dallas lawmaker closer to a figurehead than "this mastermind"?

Evidence introduced Monday also reinforced the Democrats' contention that Texans
for a Republican Majority did not work alone.

The five Democrats have sued Ceverha, who also is a board member of the group,
known as TRMPAC, saying he violated a 100-year-old ban on using corporate or
union money for political activity.

The case is being tried before state District Judge Joe Hart without a jury. It
is being watched by political operatives from Austin to Washington because for
the past two years Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle has been
investigating whether Republicans and their allies illegally used corporate
money.

U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Sugar Land, who helped create the PAC,
has been drawn into the political fray because three of his associates were
indicted last fall on charges including money laundering and violating state
election laws. DeLay has denied any wrongdoing.

Earle also is investigating whether Republican Texas House Speaker Tom Craddick
improperly benefited from his work with the PAC as he ran for speaker in 2002.
Craddick has denied any wrongdoing.

In his opening statement, Austin lawyer Cris Feldman showed e-mails, financial
ledgers and other documents that he said chart the PAC's activities: It spent
corporate money on political consultants to monitor the campaigns, on a phone
bank to identify likely Republican voters and on fund-raisers, among other
things. It also sent $190,000 of corporate money to the Republican National
Committee, which, in turn, donated the same amount in noncorporate donations to
seven Republican House candidates.

One document showed how the PAC divided responsibility for campaigns with Texans
for Lawsuit Reform, one of the largest donors in legislative campaigns, and the
Texas Association of Business, the state's largest business group, which also is
suspected of illegally using corporate money during the elections.

That document reinforces previous news reports that Mike Toomey, a lobbyist who
later became Gov. Rick Perry's chief of staff, coordinated a massive election
effort with the three groups, specifically the business group's issue ads,
during the final weeks of the campaign.

However, Scarborough sought to distance his client from the PAC's actions.

Ceverha testified that as a PAC board member, he helped decide which candidates
got money. He participated in candidate interviews at the state Republican
convention. He traveled outside his hometown of Dallas only twice on PAC
business. And he said he raised money, including corporate money, from five or
six individuals or companies.

Otherwise, Ceverha has said he did little.

Without saying the PAC did anything illegal, Scarborough said his client knew
very little about the committee's day-to-day activities. John Colyandro, the
committee's executive director, and Jim Ellis, a DeLay associate in Washington,
conceived of Texans for a Republican Majority during the summer of 2001.
Colyandro already had consulted lawyers about how the committee should handle
its money, had the bank accounts set up and was operating before recruiting
Ceverha to be the treasurer.

After they were indicted last fall, Colyandro and Ellis were dropped as
defendants in the civil lawsuit because they would have been caught between
defending themselves on two legal fronts.

Under the law, the treasurer is responsible for filing campaign finance reports
with the Texas Ethics Commission.

But Ceverha testified that he didn't even review the reports that were created
by the PAC's accountant, Russell Anderson.

"TRMPAC was, in fact, run by John Colyandro," Scarborough said.

lcopelin@statesman.com; 445-3617

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: During the first day of trial, lawyer Terry Scarborough, right, said
his client knew little about the day-to-day activities of Texans for a
Republican Majority. The team of plaintiff's attorney Dave Richards, left,
asserted Monday that Bill Ceverha can be connected to elections violations.
As Texans for a Republican Majority treasurer, Bill Ceverha, right, was
responsible for filing campaign finance reports with the Texas Ethics
Commission. Lawyer Matthew Slimp accompanied him to court.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Belleville Intelligencer

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton: It's 'time to move on' from Benghazi questions; Republicans say it's
unlikely

BYLINE: Matthew Daly, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton says it's "time to move on" after a congressional report on the
deadly 2012 Benghazi attacks accused the Obama administration of lethal
mistakes, but produced no new evidence pointing to wrongdoing by the former
secretary of state.

Not likely, especially in an election year with Clinton's presidential rival -
Donald Trump - lashing out.

An 800-page report by a special House committee makes no direct accusations of
wrongdoing by Clinton, who was secretary of state during the Sept. 11, 2012,
attacks that killed four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens.

Still, Republicans point to Benghazi as a major failure by the administration
and by Clinton during her tenure leading the State Department. The issue is
likely to shadow Clinton as she continues her bid for president.

"Four Americans died, yet no one has been fired. No one even missed a
paycheque," said Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee. "Americans - including all our men and women serving overseas -
deserve better."

Clinton, now the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, said the report
by Republicans on the House Benghazi Committee took more than two years and $7
million but "found nothing to contradict" the findings of earlier
investigations.

"I'll leave it to others to characterize this report but I think it's pretty
clear it's time to move on," Clinton said a campaign stop in Denver Tuesday.

Republicans were not ready to let the issue go, especially with an election that
will decide who occupies the White House and which party will control the House
and Senate. The Benghazi panel has scheduled a July 8 meeting to formally adopt
the report - 10 days before the

Republican National Convention begins in Cleveland.

Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a New Hampshire Republican facing a tough re-election race,
said the administration "ignored a deteriorating security situation" in
Benghazi,"andthe StateDepartment disregarded repeated requests for increased
security."

Trump said on Twitter that "Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It
just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton."

Meanwhile, Stevens' sister said she does not blame Clinton for her brother's
death.

Dr. Anne Stevens, chief of pediatric rheumatology at Seattle Children's
Hospital, told the New Yorker magazine that in hindsight, it's clear the
Benghazi facility "was not sufficiently protected by the State Department and
the Defence Department."

But Stevens added, "I do not blame Hillary Clinton or (former Defence Secretary)
Leon Panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions
around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they
could with the resources they had. ... Perhaps if Congress had provided a budget
to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the
requests for more security in Libya would have been granted."

Even after issuing the report, the committee's work is not over. The panel was
interviewing a witness Wednesday who posted on Facebook that he was a crew chief
based in Europe on the night of the attacks. A committee spokesman said the
interview would be posted on the panel's website and any information he provides
can be added to the report.

Democrats called the interview ridiculous.

The Libya attacks have been political fodder from the start, given their timing
in the weeks before President Barack Obama's re-election, and that has not
abated despite seven previous congressional investigations. There has been
finger-pointing on both sides over security at the diplomatic outpost and
whether Clinton and the White House initially tried to portray the assault as a
protest over an offensive, anti-Muslim video, instead of a calculated terrorist
attack.

The prolonged investigation into the attacks has also been marked by partisan
sniping. Republicans accuse the administration of stonewalling important
documents and witnesses, while Democrats say the panel's primary goal is to
undermine Clinton's presidential bid. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Harnik, Ap; Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
speaks while visiting Galvanize, a work space for technology companies, in
Denver, Tuesday. While there Clinton said the House Benghazi committee found
nothing different than previous investigations into Benghazi.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Belleville Intelligencer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton: It's 'time to move on' from Benghazi questions; Republicans say it's
unlikely

BYLINE: Matthew Daly, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton says it's "time to move on" after a congressional report on the
deadly 2012 Benghazi attacks accused the Obama administration of lethal
mistakes, but produced no new evidence pointing to wrongdoing by the former
secretary of state.

Not likely, especially in an election year with Clinton's presidential rival -
Donald Trump - lashing out.

An 800-page report by a special House committee makes no direct accusations of
wrongdoing by Clinton, who was secretary of state during the Sept. 11, 2012,
attacks that killed four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens.

Still, Republicans point to Benghazi as a major failure by the administration
and by Clinton during her tenure leading the State Department. The issue is
likely to shadow Clinton as she continues her bid for president.

"Four Americans died, yet no one has been fired. No one even missed a
paycheque," said Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee. "Americans - including all our men and women serving overseas -
deserve better."

Clinton, now the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, said the report
by Republicans on the House Benghazi Committee took more than two years and $7
million but "found nothing to contradict" the findings of earlier
investigations.

"I'll leave it to others to characterize this report but I think it's pretty
clear it's time to move on," Clinton said a campaign stop in Denver Tuesday.

Republicans were not ready to let the issue go, especially with an election that
will decide who occupies the White House and which party will control the House
and Senate. The Benghazi panel has scheduled a July 8 meeting to formally adopt
the report - 10 days before the Republican National Convention begins in
Cleveland.

Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a New Hampshire Republican facing a tough re-election race,
said the administration "ignored a deteriorating security situation" in
Benghazi,"andthe StateDepartment disregarded repeated requests for increased
security."

Trump said on Twitter that "Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It
just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton."

Meanwhile, Stevens' sister said she does not blame Clinton for her brother's
death.

Dr. Anne Stevens, chief of pediatric rheumatology at Seattle Children's
Hospital, told the New Yorker magazine that in hindsight, it's clear the
Benghazi facility "was not sufficiently protected by the State Department and
the Defence Department."

But Stevens added, "I do not blame Hillary Clinton or (former Defence Secretary)
Leon Panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions
around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they
could with the resources they had. ... Perhaps if Congress had provided a budget
to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the
requests for more security in Libya would have been granted."

Even after issuing the report, the committee's work is not over. The panel was
interviewing a witness Wednesday who posted on Facebook that he was a crew chief
based in Europe on the night of the attacks. A committee spokesman said the
interview would be posted on the panel's website and any information he provides
can be added to the report.

Democrats called the interview ridiculous.

The Libya attacks have been political fodder from the start, given their timing
in the weeks before President Barack Obama's re-election, and that has not
abated despite seven previous congressional investigations. There has been
finger-pointing on both sides over security at the diplomatic outpost and
whether Clinton and the White House initially tried to portray the assault as a
protest over an offensive, anti-Muslim video, instead of a calculated terrorist
attack.

The prolonged investigation into the attacks has also been marked by partisan
sniping. Republicans accuse the administration of stonewalling important
documents and witnesses, while Democrats say the panel's primary goal is to
undermine Clinton's presidential bid. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Harnik, Ap; Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
speaks while visiting Galvanize, a work space for technology companies, in
Denver, Tuesday. While there Clinton said the House Benghazi committee found
nothing different than previous investigations into Benghazi.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Packet & Times, The (Orillia)

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton: It's 'time to move on' from Benghazi questions; Republicans say it's
unlikely

BYLINE: Matthew Daly, Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton says it's "time to move on" after a congressional report on the
deadly 2012 Benghazi attacks accused the Obama administration of lethal
mistakes, but produced no new evidence pointing to wrongdoing by the former
secretary of state.

Not likely, especially in an election year with Clinton's presidential rival -
Donald Trump - lashing out.

An 800-page report by a special House committee makes no direct accusations of
wrongdoing by Clinton, who was secretary of state during the Sept. 11, 2012,
attacks that killed four Americans, including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens.

Still, Republicans point to Benghazi as a major failure by the administration
and by Clinton during her tenure leading the State Department. The issue is
likely to shadow Clinton as she continues her bid for president.

"Four Americans died, yet no one has been fired. No one even missed a
paycheque," said Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., chairman of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee. "Americans - including all our men and women serving overseas -
deserve better."

Clinton, now the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, said the report
by Republicans on the House Benghazi Committee took more than two years and $7
million but "found nothing to contradict" the findings of earlier
investigations.

"I'll leave it to others to characterize this report but I think it's pretty
clear it's time to move on," Clinton said a campaign stop in Denver Tuesday.

Republicans were not ready to let the issue go, especially with an election that
will decide who occupies the White House and which party will control the House
and Senate. The Benghazi panel has scheduled a July 8 meeting to formally adopt
the report - 10 days before the Republican National Convention begins in
Cleveland.

Sen. Kelly Ayotte, a New Hampshire Republican facing a tough re-election race,
said the administration "ignored a deteriorating security situation" in
Benghazi,"andthe StateDepartment disregarded repeated requests for increased
security."

Trump said on Twitter that "Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It
just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton."

Meanwhile, Stevens' sister said she does not blame Clinton for her brother's
death.

Dr. Anne Stevens, chief of pediatric rheumatology at Seattle Children's
Hospital, told the New Yorker magazine that in hindsight, it's clear the
Benghazi facility "was not sufficiently protected by the State Department and
the Defence Department."

But Stevens added, "I do not blame Hillary Clinton or (former Defence Secretary)
Leon Panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions
around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they
could with the resources they had. ... Perhaps if Congress had provided a budget
to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the
requests for more security in Libya would have been granted."

Even after issuing the report, the committee's work is not over. The panel was
interviewing a witness Wednesday who posted on Facebook that he was a crew chief
based in Europe on the night of the attacks. A committee spokesman said the
interview would be posted on the panel's website and any information he provides
can be added to the report.

Democrats called the interview ridiculous.

The Libya attacks have been political fodder from the start, given their timing
in the weeks before President Barack Obama's re-election, and that has not
abated despite seven previous congressional investigations. There has been
finger-pointing on both sides over security at the diplomatic outpost and
whether Clinton and the White House initially tried to portray the assault as a
protest over an offensive, anti-Muslim video, instead of a calculated terrorist
attack.

The prolonged investigation into the attacks has also been marked by partisan
sniping. Republicans accuse the administration of stonewalling important
documents and witnesses, while Democrats say the panel's primary goal is to
undermine Clinton's presidential bid. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Harnik, Ap; Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
speaks while visiting Galvanize, a work space for technology companies, in
Denver, Tuesday. While there Clinton said the House Benghazi committee found
nothing different than previous investigations into Benghazi.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Packet & Times, The (Orillia)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Olympus under investigation by the FBI

BYLINE: Alexandra Frean

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 382 words


The FBI is investigating Olympus after its former chief executive's accused the
camera maker of financial wrongdoing and questioned the record advisory fee paid
as part of the takeover of a British company.

Michael Woodford was sacked by Olympus this month after querying the $687
million (£429 million) payment to advisers in the £935 million takeover of the
Cardiff-based medical equipment maker Gyrus in 2008. Olympus acknowledges it
made the payment but denies any wrongdoing.

Mr Woodford, 51, has also questioned why Olympus paid so much for a series of
acquisitions between 2006 and 2009, including Gyrus, only to be forced later to
perform massive writedowns on their value. The acquisitions occurred before he
took the top job at the company.

The FBI investigation was confirmed to The Times by a source close to the matter
but who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The precise scope of the inquiry is
unclear.

Mr Woodford has already called on authorities in both Britain and Japan to
investigate the payments. According to a report commissioned by Mr Woodward from
PricewaterhouseCoopers the payments were made to Axes America, based in Florida,
and Axam Investments, registered in the Cayman Islands. Both Axes and Axam have
ceased to exist. According to Securities and Exchange Commission records, Axes
was formed in the state of Delaware on February 1997 to act as an introducing
broker for securities transactions initiated by an affiliated entity. It was
wound up shortly after the Gyrus acquisition.

Like Axam it appears to have been controlled by Hajime "Jim" Sagawa, who worked
at Nomura Securities and Drexel Burnham Lambert in the 1980s and later became a
managing partner at PaineWebber. Mr Sagawa could not be contacted by The Times
yesterday.

According to a 2008 SEC filing by Axes America, the firm paid $6.5 million in
cash to New York-based Perella Weinberg Partners, a financial advisory firm,
which acted as an adviser to Olympus on the Gyrus acquisition.

Olympus shares have sunk nearly 60 per cent since it fired Mr Woodford on
October 14.

Yesterday, Olympus denied reports that its former auditor, KPMG, quit amid
concerns about accounting issues relating to the Gyrus acquisition. It said it
changed its auditors because the contract for the previous auditor expired.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

Why district attorneys are prosecuting state officials

LENGTH: 1188 words


By Henri Sisneros

With attention focused on charges filed by Salt Lake District Attorney Sim Gill
and Davis County District Attorney Troy Rawlings against former Attorneys
General Mark Shurtleff and John Swallow, understanding how prosecutors make
charging decisions is helpful.

Prosecution offices are established at various levels of government. A citizen
might be a resident of Salt Lake City, Salt Lake County, the state of Utah and
the United States, and there is a prosecution office associated with each level
of government.

Naturally, prosecutors focus on priorities set by its founding level of
government. A Salt Lake City prosecutor may focus on misdemeanor violations of
city ordinances concerned with quality of life issues, such as traffic, zoning
and public behaviors.

By contrast, U.S. attorney prosecutors, called AUSAs, charge only violations of
federal law. The U.S. attorney for Utah is a political appointee who promotes
national priorities set by the attorney general and the president.

A prosecution office may have an exclusive focus. Only the Department of Justice
can enforce federal immigration law. As the Congressional Research Service
notes, as Congress has the authority to determine who may enter or stay in this
country, "the federal government has the power to sanction acts that subvert
this system."

The FBI, our national police agency, and the Department of Justice have a long
history targeting wrongdoing by local and state officials.

The reasons for this are practical: (1) Federal agencies have resources to
support an investigation. Consider the cost and expense to Utah taxpayers of the
legislative report that exposed the alleged wrongdoing in the attorney general's
office. (2) The FBI and the DOJ have units specializing in wrongdoing by elected
officials. Local offices are unlikely to have even a single specialist focused
exclusively on public corruption. Expertise is often crucial to success. (3)
Local officials may have a relationship with the target of an investigation and
may themselves be a target or witness. (4) Local prosecution offices run the
risk of having a prosecution labeled "partisan."

Gill's frustration over the inaction of federal prosecutors bubbled over at the
press conference when charges were announced: "This case is not something we
should be prosecuting as local prosecutors" (Deseret News, July 15). Max
Wheeler, Shurtleff's attorney, agreed, arguing on KSL Newsradio that once the
DOJ declined charges, the case should have been closed.

Yet local officials have concurrent jurisdiction. State laws proscribe
corruption, and once a case is presented for screening, prosecutors must
determine whether there is sufficient evidence to sustain charges and whether
charges are appropriate.

Wheeler failed to mention three important facts: First, the DOJ declined
prosecution at that time. Investigations are dynamic, and as facts emerge, its
position may change. Second, a bipartisan investigation sponsored by the House
of Representatives found wrongdoing after the declination. And third, as the
case involves state officeholders, the interested level of government is the
Utah attorney general's Office. Attorney general attorneys and staff may be
targets, or witnesses, and at a minimum have a core conflict of interest.

The prosecution of state-level officeholders by county district attorneys is a
natural consequence of allegations of wrongdoing in the Utah Attorney General's
Office.

It is also crucial to understand the screening process, which led to specific
charges.

The National District Attorney's Association states, "The primary responsibility
of a prosecutor is to seek justice ... which includes, but is not limited to,
ensuring that the guilty are held accountable, that the innocent are protected
from unwarranted harm and that the rights of all participants ... are
respected."

A prosecutor is the gatekeeper to the justice system determining whether a
person will be charged and what charges to file through a screening process,
arguably one of the most important functions of a prosecutor.

Charges have separate parts, elements that must be proved beyond a reasonable
doubt. A prosecutor considers evidence and decides whether or not the charges
encompass the accused's criminal conduct and whether admissible evidence on
every element can be offered at trial.

Screening reflects the focus of its founding government. In Salt Lake City
prosecutions, charges are filed based on an officer's report and citation. A
district attorney may have an attorney and support staff review officers'
reports and file charges that meet prosecution standards.

Federal-case screening is likely most similar to what was done in the Shurtleff
and Swallow cases. Agents begin an investigation, and once they believe they
have evidence to support charges, or if they want to consult on an
investigation, they meet with an AUSA for screening. Agents provide detailed
reports, evidence and analysis in support of their case.

After the meeting, an AUSA prepares a memorandum summarizing the charges,
evidence and issues likely to arise in the case. The memorandum is reviewed by a
supervising attorney and then by a screening committee of experienced attorneys,
who approve the presentation to a grand jury. The grand jury weighs evidence and
issues (or not) charges via an indictment.

In complex investigations, the process amps up exponentially, as if on steroids.
Prosecutors and agents form a team and plan an investigation. The team may use
subpoenas, search warrants and wiretaps. Where there have been multiple searches
and subpoenas, there has also been heightened scrutiny by a grand jury or a
judge.

The investigation may prove challenging and time consuming. Because computers
and personal devices contain huge amounts of information, they require a showing
of the need for the device and a protocol to govern the search. Deleted evidence
may need to be recovered by experts or by searches at Internet providers.
Experts may need to be consulted. The testimony of witnesses may need to be
preserved.

Different offices will have unique screening and prosecution standards. The
participation of two separate offices in the Shurtleff and Swallow cases is
unique. It seems reasonable, perhaps even wise, that Gill and Rawlings joined
forces to protect themselves from charges of partisanship.

In practical terms, the extensive screening process inherent in any complex
investigation was more than doubled as a team, from two offices, joined with
agents from several law enforcement agencies. It is likely that final charging
decisions were made only after each office, in consultation with investigative
agencies, went through this elaborate process independently.

In complex investigations, charges represent the tip of the iceberg. Beneath the
surface of the sea is a labor-intensive, deliberate and substantive pre-trial
investigation and screening process.

Henri Sisneros is a criminal lawyer and justice system leader from Salt Lake
City, Utah. After graduating from Stanford Law School, he worked as an assistant
United States attorney and assistant federal defender.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                February 21, 1998 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SAN JOSE DEFENDS PROBE INTERIM CHIEF: OFFICIALS STILL EXPECT WALT ADKINS TO TAKE
JOB NEXT MONTH.

BYLINE: RAOUL V. MOWATT AND RODNEY FOO, Mercury News Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1048 words


Calling their investigation of Assistant Police Chief Walt Adkins "thorough and
objective," San Jose city officials Friday defended their ongoing probe of the
department's future interim head, denied he tampered with a witness and said
Adkins himself is calling for a criminal investigation to clear him of
wrongdoing.

At an afternoon news conference, City Manager Regina V.K. Williams and retiring
Police Chief Lou Cobarruviaz also said that confidentiality still prevented them
from discussing the full nature of their investigation of Adkins, who will
assume the post of acting chief next month. They would say only that they were
looking into the possibility that Adkins violated department policies during a
meeting he held with a police dispatcher whose complaint that an officer
harassed her has led to a criminal charge.

But they said they still expected Adkins to take charge of the department when
Cobarruviaz steps down March 21 and rejected the notion that Adkins had
pressured the dispatcher to change her story or drop her complaint against her
alleged harasser.

"There was no indication of criminal wrongdoing," Cobarruviaz said. "That's
something that was created in the media."

Cobarruviaz continued: "Chief Adkins himself has asked me to call the DA and ask
them to conduct a criminal investigation."

Santa Clara County District Attorney George Kennedy said his office would
conduct an investigation into whether Adkins had committed any crime. "Our
intention is to complete it as quickly as we can," Kennedy said.

Adkins could not be reached for comment Friday.

Meanwhile, a second accusation of possible misconduct involving Adkins -- this
one more complicated and far more indirect -- has emerged. In this May 1997
case, Adkins is named as a police official who may have provided confidential
information to a San Jose man accused of harassing his ex-wife, according to an
internal police department memorandum.

Cobarruviaz said Friday in an interview with the Mercury News that the
department's professional standards and conduct unit determined that accusation
was unfounded -- but would not elaborate. The case was closed in December but
the woman who filed it has not been notified because of an administrative snafu,
a police spokesman added.

Adkins, 53, called this second accusation "totally untrue" and declined further
comment. But the woman who filed the complaint -- and who would speak only on
condition of anonymity -- said she knew "in my heart" that Adkins played a role.

The case currently under investigation stems from a dispute between Officer
Lemar Dunson and dispatcher Angela Cooper, who broke off their romantic
relationship last year.

Cobarruviaz confirmed that Cooper accused Dunson of choking her last
Thanksgiving, adding that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute that
specific allegation. On Jan. 27, however, Santa Clara County prosecutors charged
Dunson with making harassing phone calls to Cooper, a misdemeanor. He remains on
duty.

Capt. Ralph Torres, who supervises half of the Bureau of Investigations, said he
asked Adkins to counsel the two employees that same day, after it came to his
attention that there could be problems.

Taking the dispute to Adkins made sense, he added, because some of the other
command officers were unavailable. Adkins held authority over both patrol
officers and dispatchers and could deliver the same message to both employees,
he also said.

Adkins has said he spoke to Cooper and her supervisor and that Cooper may have
misinterpreted the purpose of their meeting. Attempts to reach Cooper have been
unsuccessful. A police spokesman said Cooper's supervisor declined to comment.

When asked about why speculation had arisen that Adkins was pressuring Cooper,
Cobarruviaz said, "There are people who may want to hurt Walt for whatever
reason, and may want to prevent him from becoming chief. I think that's part of
it."

Adkins has not publicly spoken about whether he would be interested in replacing
the chief permanently. Cobarruviaz and Williams, both of whom have praised
Adkins in recent days, will decide whether Adkins warrants discipline.

Williams said the police officers' bill of rights prevents the city from turning
over such an investigation to a disinterested party, and said oversight by
Independent Police Auditor Teresa Guerrero-Daley would keep the probe objective.

But Jim Tomaino, head of the San Jose Police Officers Association, was skeptical
that an investigation conducted by the department against its soon-to-be acting
chief could be carried out impartially.

But he applauded Adkins for seeking an independent probe.

In the probe that was concluded two months ago, Adkins was cleared of an
accusation that he intervened in a dispute between an estranged San Jose couple.

In May, a 52-year-old San Jose woman who alleged she was being harassed by her
ex-husband filed a complaint with the internal affairs unit, saying someone in
the department's hierarchy had provided him with her unlisted phone number and
address. No criminal charges have been brought against the former husband, court
records show.

The woman said her former husband had told her sister there was "someone high up
in authority in the police department who was (giving him) a helping hand,"
according to Cobarruviaz. The woman's sister said the ex-husband named Adkins, a
friend, as one of the people in the department, the complainant said. The woman
said she did not have direct evidence of Adkins' involvement. Her former husband
could not be reach for comment Friday.

The mere possibility of Adkins' involvement triggered the June memo from Lt. Ken
Stewart, a friend of the woman, to Cobarruviaz recommending an internal
investigation. "I am concerned that a particular department member's conduct may
be detrimental to . . . the safety of the victim."

Stewart declined to comment, saying the issue was a personnel matter.

The woman received a letter Dec. 31 saying the complaint is still under internal
investigation. She said nobody ever talked to her sister, who could attest that
the ex-husband named Adkins as helping her out: "They did either a shoddy job or
just didn't follow through. . . . Do I have faith in the system? No, I don't."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: Adkins
He sought independent investigation.
[980221 LO 1B 3]
PHOTO: Cobarruviaz
'No indication of criminal wrongdoing.'
[980221 LO 1B 4]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               DECEMBER 11, 1996 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PROBE RELEASED OF '86 DRUG RAID REPORT FINDS NO WRONGDOING BY L.A. DEPUTIES OR
BY CIA

BYLINE: PAMELA KRAMER AND PETE CAREY, MERCURY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1301 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


A two-month investigation by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department of a
controversial 1986 drug raid has yielded about 3,700 pages of documents - and no
evidence of wrongdoing by the department, nor of interference in the raid by the
CIA, officials announced Tuesday.
But among the masses of pages released by Sheriff Sherman Block are interviews
with former sheriff's deputies making clear they believed at the time of the
raid they were dealing with people who had connections to CIA-backed Nicaraguan
Contras and, possibly, to the CIA. The investigation also revealed that three
then-sheriff's deputies stole more than $50,000 from two targets of the raid.

The inquiry was prompted by a three-day San Jose Mercury News series in August
that detailed how a Bay Area drug ring sold tons of cocaine to the street gangs
of South-Central Los Angeles and helped spark the "crack" cocaine epidemic. The
series said that millions of dollars in drug profits were funneled to the
Nicaraguan Contras, an anti-communist commando group supported by the CIA during
the 1980s. The Mercury News series never reported direct CIA involvement, though
many readers drew that conclusion.

The inquiry was intended to answer charges that the sheriff's department had
turned over evidence collected in the Oct. 27, 1986, drug raid to the CIA or was
involved in any kind of coverup of government wrongdoing.

The drug raid was mentioned in the series and subsequent stories, raising
questions about whether two Nicaraguans and a young black drug dealer from
South-Central Los Angeles had been protected from prosecution by federal
agencies because of the Nicaraguans' affiliation with the CIA-backed Contras.

The Nicaraguans were Norwin Meneses and Danilo Blandon. Meneses supplied Blandon
with cocaine for a period of time in the 1980s. Blandon, in turn, was a major
supplier to "Freeway" Rick Ross, a notorious drug dealer from the streets of
South-Central. Blandon and Meneses were supporters of the Contras.

"We never uncovered that the CIA was involved in any way" in arranging for or
knowing about any drug profits that may have been sent to the Contras by the
Nicaraguan ring that was the object of the 1986 raid, said Block.

Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Los Angeles, speaking after Block's news conference, said
she was pleased that the department had investigated the matter but added that
holes remain and "This report raises more questions about the operation."

She said she will continue to investigate new information coming forth to make
sure that congressional intelligence committees probing the possible
Contra-cocaine-government links are fully and meticulously informed.

Among other things, the sheriff said:

* Contrary to some reports, evidence seized in the raid did not "mysteriously"
disappear from the sheriff's department control, but was "properly" handled.

Some deputies involved in the raid said earlier that they had been told the CIA
took the materials. But during the investigation, the report said, Deputy Daniel
Garner "admitted to jokingly remarking" to another deputy that the FBI or CIA
had "been there and taken the evidence."

* Blandon did not make Rick Ross into a drug dealer. "Ross was a dealer years
before he met Blandon," Block said. He said there is no evidence that millions
of dollars went to the Contras from the drug operation. "The money went to
Blandon's pockets" or to suppliers.

* During the inquiry, investigators discovered that three deputies had stolen
more than $50,000 from Blandon and a second target, Ronald Lister, self-styled
arms dealer.

* Investigators found that a portion of the original search warrant was
embellished, apparently in an effort to more easily obtain a judge's signature
for the search.

The inquiry "developed no evidence of the U.S. federal government, including the
CIA, in the Los Angeles drug trafficking activities of Danilo Blandon." The
inquiry has not uncovered any evidence that Ricky Ross was used as a pawn to
deliver drugs to specific neighborhoods. Finally, it has not uncovered any
evidence that the Los Angeles sheriff's department was involved in any . . .
coverup."

Block also criticized Mercury News reporter Gary Webb, who wrote the Dark
Alliance series. Among other things, Block cited a letter from Webb's agent to
Ross - sent in care of Webb - in which the agent offered to represent Ross in
negotiating the rights to his story.

Block alleged that "there appears to be a relationship between Gary Webb and
Ricky Ross that may go beyond the parameters of unbiased reporting."

Webb disagreed, adding that he never received the letter.

"It's not true," he said. "We don't have any business relationship whatsoever.
My only relationship with Ricky Ross is as a source."

Block said Webb's stories helped Ross create a defense that his drug dealing was
inspired by a CIA conspiracy. Last month, however, Ross was sentenced to life in
prison without possibility of parole on drug charges.

In interviews with sheriff's investigators, several members of the team that
conducted the search said they found materials related to the Contras, as well
as materials described in an evidence log as "miscellaneous CIA info."

Sgt. Ed Huffman said he recalled seeing photographs of people in a tropical
setting, "in military fatigues and tennis shoes." One of the individuals in the
photograph was "a white-haired individual" whom Huffman identified as "Colero" -
an apparent reference to prominent Contra fundraiser and political leader Adolfo
Calero.

Huffman was heavily relied on by investigators because he is one of the few
deputies involved in the raid who is still with the department and untouched by
a later drug-money skimming scandal. He told investigators he had no idea why
another deputy entered on an evidence log of materials seized from Lister's home
"one brown bag, photos, miscellaneous CIA info."

Immediately after the raid, Huffman thought there might be a connection between
the CIA, the Contras and the Blandon ring, investigators wrote. He also said he
believed federal agencies with more resources were poised to deal with Blandon's
ring.

Investigators reported that Huffman told them: "We went as far as we could as
deputy sheriffs. We handed this thing off to federal agencies to further
investigate it. We did our job. . . . even though we knew Contras were involved,
we went after them. . . . We took on federal agencies with us to investigate it.
And there was no coverup, there was no hiding."

The initial investigation leading up to the raid apparently was charged with
intense suspicion among some deputies that they were about to go after a U.S.
government-related drug operation. A former deputy reportedly told a colleague
he believed the government - possibly the CIA - was bringing drugs into the
country and shipping weapons out.

Evidence was copied by the deputies because of a fear, reportedly expressed by
then-Deputy Tom Gordon, that those items "may disappear real quick."

While Block said the inquiry had yielded a complete record of the case, he later
confirmed that the department still has not found the original search warrant
affidavit. He earlier had said the department got its copy from the Mercury News
Web site. A former police officer involved in the raid also told investigators
that large sections of reports he filed on it were missing.

The case arose in an era of wild expansion of the crack market in Southern
California. It set a steep learning curve for local law enforcement authorities
struggling to police a flood of cocaine. In the sheriff's department, many
failed to make the grade: A whole raft of deputies, including many involved in
the 1986 Blandon raid, were convicted in a sweeping money skimming scandal.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

SANSOM RESIGNS

BYLINE: ALEX LEARY

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1283 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: The scandal-plagued former House speaker heads off an ethics trial by
his colleagues.


Ray Sansom resigned from the Florida House of Representatives on Sunday night, a
dramatic decision on the eve of an ethics trial by his colleagues over his
dealings with a Panhandle college.

The move, rendered in a letter hand-delivered by Sansom's attorney to the
Capitol shortly before 8 p.m., ends a career that once put Sansom at the apex of
Florida politics but unraveled in scandal as he took a job at Northwest Florida
State College on the same day in November 2008 that he was sworn in as House
speaker.

Sansom, R-Destin, did not acknowledge wrongdoing but said he was stepping down
out of love for the chamber. The resignation was effective immediately.

"Let me state that this decision should not be received as an admission of any
wrongdoing," he wrote in a letter to Speaker Larry Cretul, who took command last
spring when Sansom was ousted by fellow Republicans. "On the contrary, I have
steadfastly maintained that I am innocent of any wrongdoing and I will never
relent from that position."

The chairman of the disciplinary panel called it the right move.

"This is a resolution that's in the best interest of everyone involved. He is no
longer a member of the Florida House," said Rep. Bill Galvano, R-Bradenton.

"We are his colleagues and that makes it heart-wrenching."

The Select Committee on Standards of Official Conduct will still meet at 10 this
morning, but the resignation will render the hearing moot.

Sansom, 47 and a father of three, will lose his health insurance benefits but
will still be eligible for a pension for his time as a public servant.

He insisted he acted properly despite ample signs showing he used his power as
House budget writer in 2007 and 2008 to funnel tens of millions in taxpayer
money to the small college.

"This not how the people of northwest Florida thought it would end when Ray rose
to a position of great trust," said state Sen. Don Gaetz, R-Niceville, who had
been a close friend and whose son is already running for Sansom's seat.

Sansom was in his eighth and final year due to term limits, and a special
election could be called to replace him, even though the legislative session
begins March 2.

The prospect of a messy, public ethics investigation was something few fellow
Republicans wanted to endure, and it had the potential to embarrass current and
former lawmakers who would have been called to testify, including U.S. Senate
candidate Marco Rubio, who picked Sansom as his budget chief when he was
speaker. Rubio had said he delegated authority and was unaware of the extent of
Sansom's dealings.

The panel of Sansom's peers - three fellow Republicans and two Democrats - was
to review over the next few days the $35 million in extra or accelerated funding
he steered to the college before taking an unadvertised $110,000 job there.

It was to look at legislation Sansom worked on behind the scenes with his future
boss at the college.

And it was to examine a $6 million airplane building that Sansom friend and
major Republican donor Jay Odom wanted to use for his corporate jet business.

There were also allegations over a meeting of the college board of trustees that
Sansom helped set up at a private club at Florida State University, far from the
college campus in Niceville.

The ultimate question this week was, did Sansom damage public faith in the
House?

The House had spent months and more than $234,000 on lawyers to investigate
Sansom, who certainly has his own mountain of legal bills.

"Obviously there may have been issues of ethical lapses," said Rep. J.C. Planas,
R-Miami. "But you also have to question the wisdom of all the money we spent on
the independent counsel for a guy who's basically going to be gone in six
months. It's a sad day."

Though some Republicans had been privately urging Sansom to resign, the news
still came as a surprise. Sansom's lawyer, Gloria Fletcher, had been vigorously
preparing for the hearing, as had the special House prosecutor, Melanie Hines.

Fletcher had cast the proceeding as a political "witch hunt" - noting a Democrat
filed the complaint against him - and said that the entire Legislature and the
governor signed off on the budgets containing the money for the college.

Hines portrayed the evidence as clear and damning. "According to the proof to be
offered at the hearing, Sansom has violated the principles of Legislative
ethics: autonomy, accountability and responsibility," she wrote in a pretrial
stipulation.

But Sunday afternoon, Fletcher called Galvano and suggested resignation was a
possibility.

She delivered Sansom's letter shortly before 8 p.m.

Sansom's troubles are far from over. He has been indicted for the airport deal
(he says it was for an emergency operations and training center only) and faces
first-degree felony grand theft charges. The court case is grinding through Leon
County Circuit Court.

The Florida Commission on Ethics had also been investigating, though the
resignation could throw that into doubt. Federal authorities, including the FBI
and IRS, have looked into related issues as well.

As part of the criminal case, it was revealed that Sansom used a Republican
Party-issued American Express card to rack up at least $173,000 in expenses,
including a trip to Europe - cracking open a vigorous debate within the party
over lavish spending and calls for other lawmakers to reveal their expenses.

The now-defunct House inquiry began after a Tampa-area Democratic activist,
Susan T. Smith, filed a complaint alleging her faith in the legislative body had
been diminished by Sansom's actions. Smith, who was driving to Tallahassee on
Sunday night for the trial, said he did the right thing.

"It shows that ordinary citizens can demand accountability," she said.

But Smith added that it was unfortunate that the rest of the issues - including
a broader examination of a state budget process - did not come under scrutiny.

Sansom made it clear he expects to be vindicated, writing in his letter, "I can
assure all concerned that the time will come where I will be afforded an
opportunity to fully answer all questions and I anxiously await an opportunity
to do so."

Times/Herald staff writers Steve Bousquet and Scott Keeler contributed to this
report. Alex Leary can be reached at leary@sptimes.com

* * *

Time line of the Sansom case

Nov. 18, 2008: Rep. Ray Sansom, R-Destin, is sworn in as speaker of the Florida
House. The same day he takes a job at Northwest Florida State College.

Nov. 19: College announces Sansom job.

Dec. 7: The St. Petersburg Times/Miami Herald Tallahassee Bureau, after
reporting millions Sansom secured for the school, documents a link between a
private developer's request for a state-funded airplane hangar and $6 million in
funding Sansom got for an airport building to be used by the college.

Jan. 5, 2009: Under widespread pressure, Sansom quits his college job.

Jan. 26: Grand jury decides to investigate.

Feb. 2: House Republicans vote to replace Sansom as speaker with Rep. Larry
Cretul of Ocala.

April 17: Grand jury indicts Sansom on felony official misconduct charge related
to airport funding.

April 28: College trustees give up on airport project, return money to state.

May 27: Grand jury issues additional indictment, adding perjury charge for
Sansom and charges for college president Bob Richburg and developer Jay Odom.

June 26: Investigator finds probable cause that Sansom damaged "faith and
confidence" in the Florida House. A legislative panel is convened to hear the
case.

Oct. 5: Circuit Judge Terry Lewis throws out part of the charges against Sansom.
State Attorney Willie Meggs seeks appeal.

Jan. 6, 2010: Meggs charges Sansom, Richburg and Odom with grand theft and
conspiracy to commit grand theft.

Sunday: Sansom resigns his House seat.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Rep. Ray Sansom maintains his innocence in his resignation,
which is effective immediately.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           August 23, 2006 Wednesday

Quattrone gets off the hook;
In a court deal, charges against him will be dropped in a year, and he can
return to the securities industry.

BYLINE: David Glovin and Thom Weidlich, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1205 words


Frank Quattrone, the top investment banker accused of wrongdoing after the
collapse of the technology bubble, will not face prosecution and can return to
work in the securities industry.

A judge in New York approved an agreement yesterday under which federal
prosecutors would drop obstruction-of-justice charges against Quattrone, former
head of Credit Suisse Group's global technology unit, if he did not break the
law for a year. Quattrone, 50, will not serve jail time or pay a fine and did
not agree to any restrictions on his work. He admitted no wrongdoing.

"This is really a hair's breadth from an outright dismissal of the case," said
Robert Mintz, a former federal prosecutor now in private practice in New Jersey.

The agreement is an embarrassment for prosecutors in New York, who saw their
2004 conviction against Quattrone overturned. Wall Street bankers have largely
escaped the prison terms handed to company executives in the U.S. government's
crackdown on corporate misdeeds after the excesses of the Internet boom and the
collapse of Enron Corp.

For Quattrone, who was born and raised in South Philadelphia, the decision ends
almost six years of accusations that tarnished his reputation as the overseer of
more initial public offerings than any other banker during the Internet boom of
the 1990s. The government could have put him on trial a third time.

"I'm very pleased the case will be concluded, and I look forward to formal
dismissal of all charges," Quattrone said, smiling broadly outside the courtroom
after a five-minute hearing before U.S. District Judge George Daniels. "I plan
to resume my business career." He declined to provide specifics.

Credit Suisse spokeswoman Victoria Harmon declined to comment on whether the
firm must take Quattrone back or whether it would offer him a job if he sought
one. She declined to say how much, if any, of his legal expenses the firm paid.

The two-page agreement requires Quattrone to obey the law, associate "only with
law-abiding persons," and tell the court before changing residences or traveling
outside the United States. It says the government can end Quattrone's
supervision any time if he complies with the agreement and may revoke the pact
if he violates it.

The agreement is "an appropriate resolution of the case in light of all of the
facts and circumstances and the posture of the case at this time," U.S. Attorney
Michael Garcia said in a statement. He declined to elaborate.

Quattrone will not emerge unscathed, said Samuel Hayes, a Harvard Business
School professor emeritus of investment banking.

"He will never be able to recover his position" of influence before the
prosecution, Hayes said in an interview. "He'll have to maintain a low profile,
and he'll have to stay away from any business that is controlled by people who
have a fiduciary obligation to their investors."

Quattrone's technology-investment banking group at Credit Suisse was based in
Palo Alto, Calif., near the Menlo Park addresses on Sand Hill Road of many of
the largest venture-capital firms. Over the years, Quattrone's group handled
IPOs for dozens of companies, including Amazon.com Inc., Cisco Systems Inc. and
Adobe Systems Inc. U.S. regulators said Quattrone earned more than $200 million
between August 1998 and the end of 2001. After the boom, technology stocks lost
$6 trillion in market value from the peak to the low point.

The banker was accused of hindering the government's investigation of Credit
Suisse by endorsing a subordinate's e-mail advising employees to "clean up"
their files. Prosecutors claimed the message suggested the employees should
destroy incriminating records.

"It is a morally ambiguous resolution, and I think that's precisely what's
appropriate to these facts," said John Coffee, a Columbia University law
professor. "The evidence against Mr. Quattrone was fairly thin and equivocal."

Deferred-prosecution agreements like Quattrone's have increased in number since
Enron's collapse in December 2001 began a wave of government investigations of
corporate fraud. KPMG L.L.P.; Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.; Time Warner Inc.;
Computer Associates International, now CA Inc.; and American International Group
Inc. reached similar agreements with prosecutors in the last three years.

Before Quattrone's May 2003 indictment, the government was looking into claims
that investment banks rigged IPOs by demanding kickbacks in return for access to
shares and requiring that investors buy additional, more expensive stock once
companies went public.

Prosecutors never charged anyone with engaging in such a scheme. They indicted
Quattrone for hindering their efforts, the only Wall Street banker criminally
charged in the IPO scandal.

Credit Suisse agreed in January 2002 to pay $100 million to settle charges by
the NASD, which regulates the industry, and the Securities and Exchanges
Commission of "abusive IPO-allocation practices," then the second-highest such
settlement in U.S. history. The bank said on the day of the settlement that it
had no evidence Quattrone had done anything wrong.

Quattrone's first trial ended in a hung jury. Eight members of the deadlocked
jury voted to convict and three to acquit.

The banker was retried in 2004 and convicted of two counts of obstruction of
justice and one of witness tampering. In March, a U.S. appeals court reversed
the conviction, saying jury instructions were flawed. The court also said there
was sufficient evidence to support convictions.

Quattrone Bio

Birth date: Oct. 14, 1955.

Birthplace: South Philadelphia.

College: Undergraduate degree, Wharton School, 1977. M.B.A., Stanford Graduate
School of Business, 1981.

Career

1979-96 - Worked for Morgan Stanley, where he developed an investment-banking
business focused on technology companies.

1996-98 - Switched to Deutsche Bank AG.

1998-2003 - Joined Credit Suisse First Boston as managing director of its
technology group.

Notable IPO clients

Amazon.com Inc.,

Cisco Systems Inc.,

Intuit Inc. and Netscape Communications Corp.

U.S. v. Quattrone

Dec. 5, 2000: Frank Quattrone is told he might be a subject of a federal
investigation into how his investment firm, Credit Suisse First Boston,
allocated shares in initial public offerings.

Dec. 5: Hours later, according to trial testimony, he sends a 22-word e-mail
urging bankers in his Palo Alto, Calif., office to destroy documents.

Jan. 16, 2003: NASD, an industry regulator, tells Quattrone it has recommended
disciplinary action

against him.

March 4: He resigns from Credit Suisse.

April 23: Federal prosecutors charge Quattrone with three counts of obstruction
of justice for sending the e-mail.

Sept. 29: Trial begins.

Oct. 24: Trial ends in a hung jury.

April 16, 2004: Retrial begins.

May 3: He is found guilty of obstruction of justice for sending the December
2000 e-mail.

Sept. 8: He is sentenced to 18 months in prison, but remains free on appeal.

March 20, 2006: Federal appeals court grants him new trial after tossing out his
conviction.

March 24: The

Securities and Exchange Commission throws out the lifetime securities industry
ban on Quattrone.

June 1: NASD drops its charges against him.

Yesterday: He reaches a deal with prosecutors to dismiss his criminal case and
says he will resume his investment-banking career.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    November 13, 2004 Saturday Home Edition

Insurer bid-rigging probe grows;
National scandal reaches into Georgia; industry calls any wrongdoing isolated

BYLINE: ANDY MILLER, ALAN JUDD

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 656 words


Georgia has expanded an investigation into accusations of bid-rigging by
insurance brokers and launched a separate but related probe of insurance
companies in a growing national scandal.

Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine said Friday his investigation has found
"indications of substantial wrongdoing" at the world's largest insurance broker,
Marsh & McLennan Cos.

New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer rocked the insurance industry last month
when he accused Marsh of cheating corporate customers. The brokers are said to
have fixed prices and steered business to insurance companies in exchange for
higher commissions.

Oxendine said his investigation has been extended to the Georgia operations of
two other insurance brokers, Aon and Willis.

Aon spokesman Dave Van de Walle said the company would cooperate with the
Georgia investigation. Willis officials could not be reached for comment.

Marsh spokesman Jim Fingeroth said Friday the company is cooperating with the
Georgia investigation and "to date, no areas of concern have been identified to
us."

Oxendine said a separate investigation involves 10 insurance companies that do
business with Marsh in Georgia. The insurers will be questioned both for general
information and for evidence of possible wrongdoing, he said.

The insurance companies are CNA Financial, American International Group,
Travelers Life and Annuity, Hartford Financial Services Group, Ace, Principal
Financial Group, Cigna, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia, United Healthcare
and Fortis, as well as their affiliated companies.

"These are insurance companies that have done a lot of business with Marsh,"
Oxendine said. "It doesn't necessarily mean they did something bad."

Blue Cross and Cigna spokesmen said Friday their companies would cooperate with
any requests for information. "We will support [Oxendine's] efforts," said
Charlie Harman, a Blue Cross vice president.

A New York-based insurance industry trade group said any wrongdoing by brokers
is isolated. "In some cases, a few individuals may have stepped across a very
bright line," said Robert Hartwig, chief economist at the Insurance Information
Institute. "But that's not the way the business is run on a day-in, day-out
basis."

Spitzer alleges that Marsh directed business toward certain insurers at
designated prices and then would solicit higher fake bids from other insurers to
give the appearance of real bidding. Marsh would collect high incentive
commissions from the winning insurers, the attorney general said.

On Friday, Spitzer widened his investigation by suing a San Diego-based broker,
Universal Life Resources, for practices that he said raised premium costs for
employees at leading U.S. companies.

Georgia and at least 10 other states launched investigations after Spitzer's
initial lawsuit against Marsh. Oxendine is examining sales of property and
casualty insurance, as well as employee benefit plans, to corporate and
government clients in Georgia.

In the past, Oxendine's critics have said he is too cozy with the industry.

As insurance commissioner, Oxendine is prohibited from accepting political
contributions from companies he regulates. Nothing in the law, however, prevents
him from taking donations from individuals who work for those companies. He has
relied heavily on such contributions since he was first elected 10 years ago.

During the last half of 2003, about half of the $144,000 in contributions that
Oxendine reported came from insurance executives and agents. Of the money he has
raised so far for a bid for lieutenant governor in 2006, more than one-fourth is
from insurance interests.

Oxendine has said repeatedly that such contributions do not affect his official
actions.

Ethics advocates have said the donations from individuals in the insurance
industry present no less potential for a conflict of interest than corporate
contributions.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Planned Parenthood accusers indicted; Videos allegedly tampered with

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Texas


A Houston grand jury investigating undercover footage of Planned Parenthood
found no wrongdoing Monday by the abortion provider, and instead indicted
antiabortion activists involved in making the videos that targeted the handling
of fetal tissue in clinics and provoked outrage among Republican leaders across
the U.S. David Daleiden, founder of the Center for Medical Progress, was
indicted on a felony charge of tampering with a governmental record and a
misdemeanour count related to purchasing human organs. Another activist, Sandra
Merritt, was also indicted on a charge of tampering with a governmental record,
which carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison.

It's the first time anyone in the group has been charged criminally since the
release of the videos, which began surfacing last year and alleged that Planned
Parenthood sold fetal tissue to researchers for a profit in violation of U.S.
law. Planned Parenthood officials have denied any wrongdoing and have said the
videos were misleadingly edited.

The footage from the clinic in Houston showed people pretending to be from a
company that procures fetal tissue for research touring the facility.

In a statement announcing the indictment, Harris County District Attorney Devon
Anderson didn't provide details on the charges, including what record or records
were allegedly tampered with and why Daleiden faces a charge related to buying
human organs.

"We were called upon to investigate allegations of criminal conduct by Planned
Parenthood Gulf Coast," Anderson, an elected Republican, said in her statement.
"As I stated at the outset of this investigation, we must go where the evidence
leads us."

Daleiden issued a statement saying that his group "uses the same undercover
techniques" as investigative journalists and follows all applicable laws.

"We respect the processes of the Harris County District Attorney, and note that
buying fetal tissue requires a seller as well," he said.

Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, who has his own ongoing
investigation into Planned Parenthood, said Monday that the "the videos exposed
the horrific nature of abortion and the shameful disregard for human life."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

Grand jury indicts Ridgeley mayor

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


May 14--RIDGELEY, W.Va. --  Jim Twigg denied wrongdoing Tuesday night, hours
after a Mineral County grand jury indicted the Ridgeley mayor on eight felony
counts of fraudulent or unauthorized use of a government-issued purchase card.

The charges allegedly made last year by Twigg totaled $415.81 and have been
reimbursed, according to the mayor, who said he was unaware of the indictment
prior to a meeting of town officials Tuesday night. He was told of the grand
jury's action by a Cumberland Times-News reporter.

"There wasn't any criminal wrongdoing on my part," said Twigg. "Every time I
made an expenditure it was in service to the town. I stopped what I was doing
and paid the town back."

Upon learning of the indictment, Twigg called his attorney, "Kin" Floyd McKinley
Sayre, to ask how he should respond to the accusations.

Council members Lynn Carr and Tanya Ryan weren't aware of the grand jury
actions, either, and both declined comment after the meeting.

Twigg said he turned in receipts for the purchases and that there was no
"malice" in his intentions.

Sayre, of the firm Bowles Rice in Martinsburg, previously said the charges where
made during travel on behalf of the town.

Purchase cards, also known as "P-cards," are used to make payments for goods,
services and travel and are governed by state code. Personal charges and food
expenses are prohibited. The card cannot be used to obtain cash, cash credits or
cash advances.

Any person who violates the West Virginia state code regarding fraud, misuse and
abuse of the P-card is guilty of a felony and, upon conviction thereof, shall be
confined in the penitentiary not less than one nor more than five years, or
fined no more than $5,000, or both fined and imprisoned, according to the code.

Twigg can be removed from office if he is indicted, town Finance Commissioner
Tom Hedrick said at a previous town meeting.

In January, the council voted that Twigg should pay his own travel expenses with
no reimbursements. He was placed under a strict no travel order.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130514-UM-Grand-jury-indicts-Ridgeley-mayor-0514-20130514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

SEC Charges Investment Manager F-Squared and Former CEO With Making False
Performance Claims

LENGTH: 970  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has issued the
following news release:

F-Squared Settles Case by Paying $35 Million and Admitting Wrongdoing

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced that investment
management firm F-Squared Investments has agreed to pay $35 million and admit
wrongdoing to settle charges that it defrauded investors through false
performance advertising about its flagship product.

The SEC separately charged the firm's co-founder and former CEO Howard Present
with making false and misleading statements to investors as the public face of
F-Squared.

According to the SEC's order instituting a settled administrative proceeding
against Massachusetts-based F-Squared, which is the largest marketer of index
products using exchange-traded funds (ETFs), the firm began receiving signals
from a third-party data provider in September 2008 indicating when to buy or
sell an investment.  The signals were based on an algorithm, and F-Squared and
Present used the signals to create a model portfolio of sector ETFs that could
be rebalanced periodically as the signals changed.  They named the new product
"AlphaSector" and launched the first index a month later.  AlphaSector's indexes
quickly became the firm's largest revenue source, and F-Squared went from losing
money to becoming a highly profitable investment manager.

The SEC alleges that while marketing AlphaSector into the largest active ETF
strategy in the market, F-Squared falsely advertised a successful seven-year
track record for the investment strategy based on the actual performance of real
investments for real clients.  In reality, the algorithm was not even in
existence during the seven years of purported performance success.  The data
used in F-Squared's advertising was actually derived through backtesting, which
is the application of a quantitative model to historical market data to generate
a hypothetical performance during a prior period.  F-Squared and Present
specifically advertised the investment strategy as "not backtested."
Furthermore, the hypothetical data contained a substantial performance
calculation error that inflated the results by approximately 350 percent.

"Investors must be able to trust that performance advertisements are accurate,"
said Andrew Ceresney, Director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement.  "F-Squared
has admitted that it misled its clients over a number of years about the
existence and success of its core strategy."

According to the SEC's complaint against Present filed in federal court in
Boston, he was responsible for F-Squared's advertising materials that were often
posted on the company website and sent to clients and prospective clients.
Present also was responsible for the descriptions of AlphaSector in its filings
with the SEC, and he certified the accuracy of those filings.  F-Squared and
Present made the false and misleading statements about AlphaSector from
September 2008 to September 2013.  The SEC alleges that they claimed AlphaSector
was based on an investment strategy that had been used to invest client assets
since April 2001.  Yet Present knew that the algorithm was not finalized until
late summer 2008 when he devised rules for turning the signals into a model ETF
portfolio and directed an assistant to calculate hypothetical returns for the
portfolio going back to April 2001.

The SEC further alleges that the F-Squared analyst who calculated the backtested
AlphaSector performance inadvertently applied the buy/sell signals to the week
preceding any ETF price change that the signals were based on.  The mistake
carried the model portfolio's backtested buy and sell decisions back in time one
week, enabling the model to buy an ETF just before the price rose and sell an
ETF just before the price fell.  The SEC alleges that the analyst tried to
explain this possible calculation error to Present in late September 2008, yet
F-Squared went on to advertise the inflated data for the next five years and
overstated that AlphaSector significantly outperformed the S&P 500 from April
2001 to September 2008.

"We allege that not only did F-Squared and Present attract clients to this
investment strategy by touting a track record they presented as real when it was
merely hypothetical, but the hypothetical calculations also were substantially
inflated," said Julie M. Riewe, co-chief of the Enforcement Division's Asset
Management Unit.

F-Squared consented to the entry of the order finding that it violated Sections
204, 206(1), 206(2), 206(4), and 207 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and
Rules 204-2(a)(16), 206(4)-1(a)(5), 206(4)-7, and 206(4)-8.  The order also
finds that F-Squared aided and abetted and caused certain mutual funds
sub-advised by F-Squared to violation Section 34(b) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940.  F-Squared acknowledged that its conduct violated federal
securities laws, and agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing
violations of these provisions.  F-Squared agreed to retain an independent
compliance consultant and pay disgorgement of $30 million and a penalty of $5
million.

The SEC's complaint against Present alleges that he violated Sections 206(1),
206(2), 206(4), and 207 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule
206(4)-8.

The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Bill
Donahue, Robert Baker, Jose Santillan, and John Farinacci of the Asset
Management Unit as well as Rachel Hershfang, Frank Huntington, Mayeti Gametchu,
Jennifer Cardello, and Rory Alex of the Boston Regional Office.  The case has
been supervised by Kevin Kelcourse.  The SEC's litigation against Present will
be led by Mr. Huntington and Ms. Hershfang.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 22, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Merrill Lynch agrees to pay $100M: Firm apologizes for 'inappropriate
communications'

SECTION: Business; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 763 words

The Associated Press

ALBANY, N.Y.

Merrill Lynch & Co. has agreed to pay $100 million US to settle allegations that
the firm's analysts misled investors with their stock ratings so the company
could win lucrative investment banking fees.

Merrill Lynch said Tuesday it will make the payment to New York state, which has
been investigating the matter, and to all the other states, provided they all
accept it.

America's biggest brokerage firm also agreed to structural reforms to assure
that its stock analysts work independently from the firm's investment bankers.

Merrill Lynch also apologized.

"This agreement changes the way Wall Street will operate, severing the
compensation link between the research and banking divisions that tainted
investment advice," New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer told a news
conference.

Under the settlement, Merrill Lynch analysts will no longer be paid with money
generated by investment banking.

A chief concern of critics has been analysts have been rewarded for the
investment banking business they bring in, instead of having compensation tied
to the quality of their stock research.

Spitzer said he hopes other Wall Street firms will consider the settlement with
Merrill a model for similar agreements.

He said prosecutors have already had talks with Merrill rivals about alleged
analyst conflict of interest, but did not disclose whether settlements are
imminent.

Merrill Lynch said the agreement "represents neither evidence nor admission of
wrongdoing or liability," which fell short of Spitzer's initial insistence on an
admission of wrongdoing.

Dozens of lawsuits have been filed on behalf of investors who say they lost
money because of Merrill Lynch stock recommendations, and the lack of an
admission of wrongdoing will make it more difficult for them to win large
settlements.

"It would have in essence been a death warrant for the company to admit
liability," Spitzer said.

David Komansky, Merrill Lynch's chief executive, and Stan O'Neal, the firm's
president, said in a statement the agreement "will ultimately benefit all
investors and the capital markets."

Komansky acknowledged at a separate New York news conference that the
investigation and its revelations have hurt the image of the company, but said
he does not believe the firm lost much business as a result.

"I think we'll be able to regain the confidence of the investing public," he
said.

In afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Merrill shares were up 2.4
per cent.

Tuesday's arrangement will hurt the prospects for restitution to aggrieved
investors, said Chuck Hill, director of research at Thomson Financial/First
Call.

"I think it does limit the compensation issue," Hill said.

"I think it is going to be more difficult for people to be compensated."

Last month, Spitzer revealed details of a 10-month investigation into Merrill
Lynch that uncovered e-mails from analysts disparaging stocks they had publicly
praised.

Spitzer said analysts rated stocks of some companies as good buys so Merrill
Lynch could win investment banking business for mergers and initial public stock
offerings from those companies.

Merrill Lynch issued a statement Tuesday apologizing for "the inappropriate
communications brought to light by the New York state attorney general's
investigation."

It added: "We sincerely regret that there were instances in which certain of our
Internet sector research analysts expressed views that at certain points may
have appeared inconsistent with Merrill Lynch's published recommendations."

Spitzer's investigators have subpoenaed records from at least six of Merrill
Lynch's main competitors, including Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter.

Facts

Under the settlement between Merrill Lynch and New York Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer, America's largest brokerage will:

- Pay a $100-million US penalty,

$48 million US of which will go to New York state. The balance will go to other
states that sign the agreement.

- Stop paying stock analysts from investment banking revenue. Analysts instead
are to be rewarded solely on the quality of their research.

- Prohibit analysts from being evaluated for bonuses and compensation by
investment bankers.

- Create an investment review committee to approve research recommendations with
independence from banking.

- Divulge in research reports any company from which Merrill Lynch will receive
revenue.

- Appoint a monitor, approved by Spitzer, to assure compliance with the
agreement.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Richard Drew, Associated Press; New York Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer announces the Merrill Lynch settlement. The company was accused of
misleading investors.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

2nd East Limestone High employee suspended pending investigation

BYLINE: Ashley Remkus, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


March 16--ATHENS -- A second employee at East Limestone High is on paid
administrative leave while the school system conducts an investigation of
possible wrongdoing, officials said today in a news release.

The release doesn't identify the nature of the possible wrongdoing or the
employee who's been suspended.

Limestone County Schools spokeswoman Karen Tucker said she can't comment on
whether the investigation is related to last week's suspension of a coach at the
school.

Trey Stinson, an assistant football coach and instructional assistant, was
suspended with pay after being accused of having sex with a 17-year-old female
student.

Stinson, 24, of Harvest, was arrested Friday by the Limestone County Sheriff's
Office after the school system's Human Resources Director Tommy Hunter notified
authorities about a complaint the school had received. Stinson is charged with
one count of a school employee engaging in sex or deviant sexual intercourse
with a student, a Class B felony. He was released from Limestone County Jail the
same day on $5,000 bail.

"It is the practice of the Limestone County Board of Education to remove any
employee that has been accused of wrongdoing in order to complete this
investigation," Tucker said in today's news release. "We are working diligently
to handle this matter in a thorough yet timely manner as we work toward a
resolution. We are not aware of any law enforcement involvement and will not
comment in the event we are made aware."

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160316-DD-2nd-East-Limestone-High-employee-suspended-pending-investigation-031
6-20160316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday

When will accountability become more important?

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 508 words


Yet another possible scandal involving the management of federal resources
intended for American Indian school children was reported in headlines this
week.

First, there was the recent story of how hundreds of Navajo spent much-needed
dollars to attend an education conference in Hawaii. Elected school board
members and tribal officials left teachers and students in their dust as they
pounced on the tropical islands in the name of progress.

Now, two former employees, with perhaps others soon joining them, are filing
lawsuits against the Bureau of Indian Education, claiming a wide variety of
wrongdoings by the Shiprock education line officer, Joel Longie, and the office
administration.

Longie oversees 13 Bureau of Indian Affairs schools in New Mexico, Utah and
Arizona.

The two former employees, one a Farmington woman and the other a woman from
Mancos, Colo., claim that more than $100,000 was spent frivolously, that there
were incidents of sexual harassment, and that retaliation against employees
questioning the system is commonplace.

The case, and thus the proof, is far from seeing light in a courtroom and at
this point the accusations are just that, accusations.

However, both women have supporters who have voiced concern and say there could
be others to join them in listing the wrongdoings.

"There exists in the Northern Navajo Agency discrimination, harassment,
intimidation and threats to the adult staff along with criminal misappropriating
of federally mandated funds and gross mismanagement," said Michael Gaddy, a
spokesman for the former employees.

"The greatest crime is that being perpetrated on the children," he said.
"Especially those with special needs."

The women paint a concerning picture in that, they say, employees fear for their
jobs for speaking out about concerns, of which there are many, including the
belief that federal money is not being spent for its intended purposes.

The FBI investigated, but in another puzzling development, it has turned the
case over to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for an internal investigation.

Gaddy, rightly so, called that a conflict of interest. He is upset that the FBI
and BIA would turn over the investigation to the agency itself that is accused
of wrongdoing.

Perhaps this is why the idea of accountability regarding millions of federal
dollars sent to American Indian tribes such as the Navajo is in shambles.
Meanwhile, American Indian school children pay the price.

Whether it is corruption or incompetence or selfishness, case after case of such
mismanagement seems to be making its way to light. Yet, the federal government
seems content to hide behind its curtain of bureaucracy, and the tribal
government officials involved appear as willing partners to such disgrace.

It is past time that someone show leadership and prove that the money earmarked
for these children will land where it is intended. Sadly, few heroes seem
willing to emerge and change anything that has worked so consistently wrong for
more than 100 years.

And we wonder where the seeds of mistrust get planted.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday

NCO Financial Settles Collection Practices Claims For $1.5M

SECTION: CCR - RISK & ANALYTICS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 411  words


A settlement between NCO Financial Systems and 19 states will result in the
company paying up to $1.5 million in restitution to the various state's AG
offices and consumers. Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office said that
since 2008 his office had been working with the 18 other states investigating
NCO's collection practices. The announcement did not carry specific allegations
of wrongdoing."We believe this is a fair settlement that will help uphold
consumers' rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act," said DeWine.
"NCO [Financial] is agreeing to provide restitution for eligible consumers, to
provide stronger notifications to credit reporting agencies and consumers, and
to implement policies to ensure compliance with federal and state law."

Joining Ohio in the multi-state working group were the following states: Alaska,
Arkansas, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Nebraska,
Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South
Carolina, Vermont and Wisconsin.NCO Financial, an arm of account receivables
management giant NCO Group, will pay $575,000 to the states to reimburse for the
cost of the investigation and will set aside $50,000 per state - or $950,000 -
to compensate consumers who can show they wrongly paid NCO.NCO did not admit to
any wrongdoing in the settlement but agreed to take certain steps to comply with
existing laws, including more training and the continued monitoring of its
agents. "NCO is proud of its record on consumer compliance," said Ronald
Rittenmeyer, NCO's CEO. "We are pleased to resolve the Multi-State Group's
concerns, as well as upgrade our compliance processes, all which will permit us
to improve our consumer interaction. As the largest provider of accounts
receivable collection services in the world, we will continue to set the highest
standards of compliance for the industry."Consumer restitution will be available
for three years following the effective date of the agreements for consumers who
have valid claims that meet one of the following criteria: "\xA2Â Consumer paid
NCO Financial a third party debt that the consumer did not owe; "\xA2Â Consumer
overpaid interest on a third party debt that was not supported by the underlying
agreement between the debtor and the original holder of the debt or as otherwise
permitted by law; or "\xA2Â Consumer paid more on a third party debt than the
amount NCO Financial agreed to settle the account.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Mayor cleared in case involving pictures;
Vice mayor finds no wrongdoing in June allegations.;
HUBER HEIGHTS

BYLINE: By Will Garbe

SECTION: ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 317 words


HUBERHEIGHTS - Huber Heights Mayor Tom McMasters was cleared of wrongdoing in a
complaint filed against him during the city's public records controversy.

In a report delivered this week to city council and to complainant Melissa
McGhee, Vice Mayor Tyler Starline found "no evidence of wrongdoing by"
McMasters.

McGhee argued the rules of council were violated when a work session agenda
included pictures of Councilmen Glenn Otto and Richard Shaw inside City Hall
during off-hours. Discussions about accusations that the pair of councilmen
inappropriately handled records were scheduled for discussion in open session.

McGhee's complaint stated that "if there is to be an implication of wrongdoing
in reference to a missing document against a council member(s), this matter
either needs to be filed as a complaint to the mayor or needs to be held in
executive session."

Starline noted Councilman Ed Lyons asked the agenda item be included with
pictures, and Councilwomen Janell Smith, Nancy Byrge and Judy Blankenship
contacted the mayor directly to express their support of including the pictures.

The complaint from McGhee, who did not immediately respond to a request for
comment Wednesday, was filed in June.

Separately, the Ohio Auditor's office declined to investigate the accusations
against Shaw and Otto, essentially clearing them in the matter.

McMasters was also cleared by Starline in May resulting from a complaint filed
by Smith, who alleged the mayor failed to follow proper procedure.

Additionally, and among a host of other controversies since taking office in
January 2014, McMasters has been censured by City Council twice; city staff
filed a complaint against McMasters; he attached, without authorization, a memo
to city manager Rob Schommer's contract stating his disapproval; and he has
refused to sign legislation that was passed by council.

Contact this reporter at Will. Garbe@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 17, 2006 Tuesday

WELDON PROBE WIDENS;
Feds raid 6 spots in Pa., Fla.; congressman denies wrongdoing

BYLINE: BOB WARNER, MICHAEL HINKELMAN & TOM SCHMIDT, warnerb@phillynews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 946 words


MOVING SWIFTLY in a criminal investigation involving U.S. Rep. Curt Weldon,
federal agents yesterday raided six locations in Philadelphia, in Delaware
County and in Florida.

The probe apparently is focused on links between the congressman's official
activities and clients of his daughter's lobbying firm, first reported in 2004
by the Los Angeles Times.

Weldon denied any wrongdoing by himself or his daughter.

Yesterday, the FBI carried away boxes of potential evidence from the homes of
the two founders of the lobbying business - Karen Weldon, 32, who lives in Queen
Village, and longtime Republican power broker Charles P. Sexton Jr., 70, who
lives in Springfield, Delaware County.

Other warrants were served on the Media offices of the lobbying firm, North
American Solutions Inc.; the Philadelphia office of attorney John J. Gallagher,
a longtime friend of the Weldons who reportedly introduced Karen Weldon to one
of her clients, a Russian aerospace firm; the Jacksonville offices of a
Russian-based conglomerate known as Itera International Energy Corp., and a $7.5
million beachfront mansion in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla., apparently owned by an
Itera-related company.

The Republican congressman, already locked in the toughest re-election fight of
his 20-year career in Washington, had previously brushed off questions about the
L.A. Times disclosures, telling reporters that they'd been investigated and
dismissed by the House Ethics Committee.

But the events of the last four days - the disclosure of the federal
investigation by McClatchy Newspapers last Friday, and yesterday's sweeping
search warrants - prompted Weldon to hold a 16-minute news conference late
yesterday afternoon.

Weldon denied any wrongdoing by himself or his daughter, but refused to answer
specific questions about services he reportedly performed for clients of his
daughter's firm.

"I would absolutely never use my position to help anyone in an unusual way,"
Weldon said. "... My daughter doesn't need my help now, she never has, she's a
very capable professional."

The congressman said his daughter did not intend to answer questions from the
news media. Sexton did not return a call from the Daily News.

The L.A. Times reported in February 2004 that Weldon had gone to bat for at
least three of the lobbying firm's clients - a Serbian family seeking U.S. visas
in spite of ties to accused war criminal Slobodan Milosevic; a Russian aerospace
manufacturer known as the Saratov Aviation Plant, for which Weldon pitched an
idea to the U.S. Navy, and Itera, a company that obtained vast natural-gas
fields in the breakup of the Soviet Union and was looking to expand its gas,
timber and real-estate holdings in the U.S.

Weldon said that after the article appeared, he asked the House Ethics Committee
to look at the situation. "As far as I know, we gave them everything that they
could have asked for," and subsequently he received a letter from the committee
"closing the case," he told reporters yesterday.

Weldon declined to produce a copy of the letter yesterday. The committee's staff
and chairman, Rep. Richard "Doc" Hastings, a Washington state Republican, have
failed to return calls about the Weldon matter for the past week.

Weldon said it appeared that the U.S. Justice Department had decided to look
into the same issues.

He said he respected the Justice Department and the FBI, and intended to
cooperate fully. But he questioned the timing of the investigation.

"I don't know who's behind it. All I'm saying is I have to be suspicious that
three weeks before an election, this would take place," he told reporters. "...
This case is two-and-a-half-years old. They could have requested me to answer
questions at any time over the past two-and-a-half years, or after the election
was over."

In fact, a nonprofit D.C. group called Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in
Washington (CREW) wrote a letter to Attorney General John Ashcroft in April
2004, citing the L.A. Times stories and urging that the Justice Department's
Public Integrity Section investigate whether Weldon had violated federal bribery
laws.

CREW's deputy director, Naomi Seligman Steiner, said yesterday that the group
had seen no sign that the Justice Department was interested until news of the
federal probe broke last week.

"We heard about it when everyone else did," Steiner said. "We're wondering that
ourselves - why it took so long."

Weldon noted that CREW's executive director, Melanie Sloan, used to work for
U.S. Rep. John Conyers, a Michigan Democrat who could become a committee
chairman if Democrats take over Congress in November.

"It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that this district could swing
control of the Congress," Weldon said. He added that one of CREW's board
members, Philadelphia attorney Daniel Berger, has donated $4,200 to the campaign
of Joseph A. Sestak, a retired admiral running against Weldon, as well as
hundreds of thousands of dollars to other Democratic candidates.

Reminded by a reporter that the Justice Department is now run by Republicans,
Weldon snapped: "I understand that. I'm not stupid. I may have offended some
people. I've been known to do that from time to time in Washington, in both
parties."

He said the investigation would obviously affect his campaign.

"I'm sure that my opponents are probably having a lot of glee, but that's life,"
Weldon said. "Life goes on, and this is not the end of the world... . Me even
being in Congress, I've enjoyed the job, I've enjoyed being in public life. And
given it my hardest effort, consistently, helped thousands of people... .

"I've never asked for anything for anyone in return. I went to Congress poor and
I'll leave Congress poor."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Ala. Businessman Pleads Guilty In Efi Loan Fraud

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

An Alabama businessman on Monday admitted his integral role in the Equipment
Finance Inc. loan fraud.

John Wiley Spann of Andalusia, Ala., pleaded guilty to three counts of
wrongdoing in Philadelphia federal court.

The 50 year old also agreed to forfeit $7.6 million he pocketed from the fraud.

For admitting conspiracy, mail fraud affecting a financial institution and money
laundering, he faces a maximum penalty of 45 years in prison and a $2.5 million
fine.

Sentencing was set for Dec. 15.

Spann, one of eight defendants indicted last November in the case, had faced 15
counts of wrongdoing.

He initially pleaded not guilty that same month.

But Monday, he acknowledged before U.S. District Judge Paul S. Diamond that he
was deeply involved in the complicated ruse.

Spann became the fourth EFI defendant to enter a guilty plea.

He joins Joseph M. Braas, Michael J. Schlager and Mary C. Stankiewicz, all
Lancaster County residents and former EFI officials.

None has been sentenced yet.

A fifth defendant in the case, John S. Tomberlin, also an Alabama businessman,
is set to enter a guilty plea next month.

That positions all five to testify at the October trial of the remaining
defendants, former EFI employees Misty L. Kroesen and her husband Curtis A.
Kroesen, and Alabama businessman Harold W. Young.

EFI, based on West Airport Road, loaned money to logging and land-clearing firms
so they could buy new equipment.

EFI owner Sterling Financial discovered the fraud in 2007, triggering Sterling's
sale to PNC and the layoff of 300 Sterling workers, including many at its Bank
of Lancaster County unit.

Spann, who is free on $50,000 bail, was a logging equipment dealer who performed
many of the tasks necessary to perpetuate the fraud over at least a six-year
period.

According to his admission filed with the court Monday, he helped create
"hundreds" of fictitious loans, then recruited and paid "borrowers" to sign the
documents.

He also admitted forging "numerous" signatures himself.

To help dupe auditors, Spann, with Schlager's help, obtained loan-confirmation
letters from the auditors to borrowers and put the appropriate "borrower"
signatures on them.

Spann then drove from Alabama to Florida and Georgia to mail them back so the
return letters would have the correct postmarks.

He also tried to throw auditors off-track by coaching two "borrowers" in how to
handle any inquiries from the auditors.

For his role in the fraud, Spann tapped EFI funds to pay himself a "salary" of
$80,000 to $100,000 annually for six years, according to the nine-page
memorandum.

Spann also used an unspecified amount of EFI money "to pay numerous debts he
owed to others" and used $2 million in EFI money to pay the "borrowers" he
recruited.

In addition, Spann helped orchestrate a scheme to drain more than $1 million
from escrow accounts set up at EFI to hold equipment insurance payments.

tmekeel@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 16, 2007 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

WEEK IN REVIEW;

SECTION: E; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 350 words


TUESDAY

Spokane venture capital firm Northwest Venture Associates, which has funded
companies including World Wide Packets and SprayCool, will not seek to raise a
new fund. It will focus instead on its existing portfolio of 16 companies.
Managing partner Tom Simpson said the venture model for traditional early state
investing is "somewhat confused and broken" right now.

* A Silver Valley pharmacy paid $214,000 to settle allegations by the U.S.
attorney's office that it billed Medicaid patients more than other customers for
the same prescription drugs. The pharmacy also was accused of overcharging
Medicaid. While not admitting wrongdoing, the pharmacy agreed to pay damages to
both the federal government and the state of Idaho.

WEDNESDAY

A finding by the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will remand a major energy
trading case back to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The court found
that FERC failed to consider new evidence of market manipulation when it denied
requests for power contract refunds. Though federal investigators in 2004
exonerated Avista of any wrongdoing during the 2000-2001 energy crisis, the
decision could ensnare the Spokane company in another round of legal wrangling.

* Kohl's, a value-priced department store chain, will open a Spokane store and a
Coeur d'Alene store on Oct. 3. No opening date has been announced for the
company's third planned store, in Spokane Valley.

THURSDAY

Dozens of Spokane flights were among hundreds that Horizon Air canceled
beginning Wednesday so specialists could inspect the landing gear on Q400
airplanes after two similar models experienced problems during flights in
Europe. Cancellations continued on Thursday and Friday.

Potlatch Corp. is buying $215 million worth of timberland near McCall, Idaho.
The company will evaluate how much of the 179,000 acres to put into timber
production and what to sell for real estate development.

FRIDAY

The INB Performing Arts Center in downtown Spokane has completed a $2.7 million
facelift that included new landscaping along with new carpeting, paint and lobby
furniture.

TYPE: Column

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            October 26, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

NEWSLINE - BUSINESS

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 518 words


Serono's earnings grow almost 50%

ROCKLAND - Serono Inc., the Swiss biotechnology giant with its U.S. headquarters
in Rockland, saw its earnings grow nearly 50 percent in the third quarter, which
ended Sept. 30.

The company's earnings reached $162.5 million, up 47.2 percent over September
2003. Revenues rose 26 percent to $633.6 million.

The company is a leader in treatments for multiple sclerosis and fertility, and
sells growth hormones and treatments for HIV wasting. Two years ago, Serono
built a $30 million, 200,000-square-foot campus in Rockland to serve as its U.S.
headquarters and home for its Reproductive Biology Institute. The development
houses 500 of Serono's 700 U.S. employees, including 80 scientists.

Franklin Resources accused of fraud

BOSTON - Secretary of State William Galvin filed a civil complaint yesterday
against the company that manages Franklin Templeton mutual funds, alleging that
the firm committed fraud by not owning up to wrongdoing in a previous case.

Galvin said Franklin Resources Inc. filed a false statement with federal
regulators when it described an accord reached last month with Galvin as one in
which the firm didn't confirm any wrongdoing.

The San Mateo, Calif.-based firm had agreed to pay $5 million to settle Galvin's
previous claim that the company had engaged in improper, rapid trades with a
hedge fund client.

The company said it admitted to facts outlined in a section of the settlement
document, but didn't admit that those facts constituted a violation of state
laws.

Average gas price up 2 cents, to $2.03

Gasoline prices rose in Massachusetts by another two cents, on average, last
week - the fifth consecutive week of increases.

The average cost for self-serve regular gas hit $2.03 a gallon yesterday, AAA
Southern New England said. That's 39 cents higher than the statewide average at
this time last year, and close to the state's record high average of $2.11 a
gallon reached in June.

Panera group to open 8 more stores

Panera Bread unveiled plans yesterday to open eight new bakery-cafes in New
England, along with previously announced plans to open another eight locations.

The St. Louis company signed a new franchise agreement with Howley Bread Group,
which already runs 12 Panera locations in Massachusetts, Rhode Island and
Connecticut, to open eight more locations. Howley already has plans with Panera
to open eight other shops, bringing its total to 28.

Eastern Bank wins accolades

NORWOOD - Eastern Bank has been named Business of the Year by the Neponset
Valley Chamber of Commerce. The Norwood-based Chamber cited the Boston-based
bank's commitment to the area's business community and its community service.

Synthes founder donates $25 million

BOSTON - Harvard Business School has received a $25 million donation in support
of its doctoral programs from Hansjoerg Wyss, an entrepreneur who built Synthes
Inc., a leading international medical device company.

The gift, which is part of the school's $500 million capital campaign, is the
largest ever given to a business school doctoral program, the school said
yesterday. Patriot Ledger news services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 On Wall Street

                                   April 2009

The Last Weapon;
As Wirehouses Bleed Brokers, The Recruiting Protocol May Be The Only Means Of
Protecting Against The Outflow Of Client Assets

BYLINE: Helen Kearney

SECTION: STREET TALK_INDUSTRY; Pg. 9 Vol. 19 No. 4

LENGTH: 1104  words


After eight years working at Smith Barney, william Meyer and Marcy LePrell had
had enough. Clients had grown nervous amid the barrage of headlines surrounding
the January 2009 merger with Morgan Stanley, and had to be reassured their
assets were safe after Smith Barney's then-parent company, Citigroup, needed
government help to survive.

Looking for a firm that hadn't been embroiled in the subprime mess, the pair
accepted an offer from Janney Montgomery Scott. But during the duo's first day
in their new office in Lancaster, Pa., a call came from Janney's lawyers, saying
Smith Barney was accusing Meyer and LePrell of taking client information in
breach of the Protocol for Broker Recruiting. Their attorney, Thomas B. Lewis of
Princeton, N.J.- based law firm Stark & Stark, says the charge was the last
thing the pair expected. "They were certainly surprised," he says. "They knew
they hadn't done anything wrong."

They weren't alone. Bernadette Holland and Amy Villani, another
Pennsylvania-based advisor team that had jumped to Janney from Smith Barney,
were already being sued. Their lawyer could not be reached for comment.

The 2004 protocol agreement, which has been signed by all of the wirehouses and
most of the regionals, says departing advisors are permitted to take their
clients' basic contact information, but other details, such as account numbers
and positions, must be left behind.

Meyer and LePrell are still awaiting their FINRA arbitration but continue to
deny any wrongdoing. "This was a clean protocol departure," Lewis says. "There's
no evidence of wrongdoing and no evidence they took anything they weren't
allowed to under the protocol." Smith Barney declined to comment on the active
litigation, but a spokesman said: "We believe strongly in the broker protocol,
and will always work to ensure that participants live up to its terms. This is a
specific matter and not indicative of a larger breakdown in the protocol.e_SDRq

Smith Barney reportedly lost 539 brokers in the first seven weeks of this year,
a rate of nearly 80 advisors per week. That's more than double the rate seen in
2008, when Smith Barney saw an 11% drop in its headcount, to 13,765 from 15,454.
Lewis believes the firm is using the protocol to intimidate its brokers. "Smith
Barney is attempting to send a strong message to its workforce," he says. "'We
will look closely at the way you depart.'" And he doesn't think the approach is
limited to Smith Barney. He says that all the wirehouses are losing far more
advisors to the regionals now than in the past, even though the regionals don't
offer the same huge transition packages. And the wirehouses are concerned.
"Wirehouses have to flex their muscles and send the message that, 'If we have a
suspicion of wrongdoing under the protocol, we will see you in court,'" he says.

Dick Sorenson is becoming increasingly familiar with that issue. After 21 years
at UBS, he joined RBC last month as director of its Portland, Ore., complex-and
immediately began seeing inquiries from other wirehouse brokers looking to make
a move. "Advisors in a market like Portland tend not to move very often, but
people who have been at one place for 20 years are now willing to talk," he
says. He adds that he's well aware of the increased scrutiny around protocol
procedures and always careful to talk new recruits through the transition
process. Surprisingly, he says, many of the advisors-particularly those who have
spent the majority of their careers at one firm-aren't aware of the protocol
rules. "We have to make sure they understand how important it is," he says. "We
don't belong in courtrooms. We [should be] trying to make this happen for
clients."

Bowling Green, Ky.-based Hilliard Lyons normally hires eight to 10 advisors per
quarter. Since November, the firm has brought 40 advisors on board, and the
majority of those have come from the wirehouses, says Darryl Metzger, director
of Hilliard's private client group. In response, Metzger says, the wirehouses
have stepped up their enforcement of the protocol's terms. "If anybody even
hiccups, or makes an innocent mistake around the protocol, the wirehouses are
going after them," he says. "They're trying to stem the flow, but the floodgates
are open."

Metzger adds that Hilliard employs three dedicated transition teams to help new
advisors bring their clients over to the firm in compliance with protocol
procedures. At the moment, he says, all three teams are busy and the firm has
another 130 or so advisors interested in joining. "We used to only have
potential recruits coming through to look at the firm once a week. Now we're
doing it every day of the week," he says.

Rhett Neuman, who recently joined RBC's Stillwater, Minn., office from Wachovia
Securities, says RBC provided him and his team members with a guidebook to help
them comply with the protocol. Neuman, who oversees $130 million in client
assets, asked his clients to include a copy of their last statement along with
their transfer documents and also asked them to sign a letter so his team could
access any necessary tax information from Wachovia. Despite the difficulties
with moving clients in this market, Neuman says he's happy he made the
transition. "The biggest motivation was the ability to control our own destiny.
We couldn't do that anymore at Wachovia," he says. "After the Wells Fargo merger
we were being strung along, month to month, and not being informed." His team
was happy to come to a firm that wasn't involved in the subprime crisis and they
gave up a big recruitment deal to do it. "I didn't want to sell my soul," he
says. "I hoped to do the right thing for my clients and wanted a platform that
really allowed us to do that."

For advisors considering a move, Stark & Stark's Lewis provides a list of dos
and don'ts to help his clients comply with the rules of the protocol. Here is
what he suggests:

DO:

* Resign in writing to your local branch manager.

* Give your branch manager, at exactly the same time that you tender your
resignation, a copy of the client information you are taking with you.

* Limit that client data to the following: client name, address, phone number,
email address and account name.

DON'T:

* Don't solicit clients before resigning.

* Don't take any client information not specified above (including account or
Social Security numbers, copies of holding pages or monthly statements) or any
information about accounts that you didn't directly service.

* Don't be overly generous with yourself on accounts you share with other
brokers, especially if you were working in formal or informal partnerships with
those brokers.

URL: http://www.OnWallStreet.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: OWS


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Bear Stearns execs acquitted; Former hedge fund managers charged with fraud,
conspiracy

BYLINE: Michael Erman and Grant McCool, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Two former Bear Stearns Cos hedge fund managers were acquitted of fraud charges
on Tuesday, a setback to government prosecutors that could make them less
aggressive in trying to root out Wall Street wrongdoing.

In the first case against players in the U.S. subprime mortgage meltdown that
contributed to the world financial crisis, a jury in U.S. District Court in
Brooklyn found hedge fund managers Ralph Cioffi, 53, and Matthew Tannin, 48, not
guilty after less than six hours of deliberations.

The verdict in the month-long trial is a blow for prosecutors and could have
implications for government investigations of possible wrongdoing at other
companies, including bailed-out giant insurer American International Group Inc.
and the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.

The prosecutors in the case declined immediate comment.

"The government never provided enough evidence to convict them," the jury
forewoman said. "We never found anything beyond a reasonable doubt," another
juror said.

Cioffi and Tannin were indicted in 2008 on charges of securities fraud, wire
fraud and conspiracy, one year after two funds they managed failed, costing
investors $1.6 billion.

The government also charged Cioffi with insider trading.

The jury also acquitted him of that charge.

Bear Stearns collapsed in March 2008, several months after the funds' failure,
and was sold to JPMorgan Chase & Co in a government-brokered fire sale.

"This suit was very complicated and future suits will be, too, and they'll be
hard to win. It's always easy to blame Wall Street for losses, but poor judgment
and management are not yet a prosecutable crime," said Matt McCormick, a
portfolio manager at Bahl & Gaynor in Cincinnati.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Maryland: Banking & Finance Advisory: Justice Department: Individual
Accountability for Financial Institution Misdeeds

LENGTH: 414 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    Last September, the Justice Department amended the United States Attorney's
Manual (USAM), the manual that provides guidance for the Department of Justice
Attorneys. The amendments are designed to ensure that individual accountability
is at the heart of the Justice Department's enforcement strategy. In an address
to the American Bar Association Money Laundering Conference, Deputy Attorney
General Sally Quillian Yates said:





 In announcing the policy, we emphasized the importance of holding accountable
the individuals who commit corporate wrongs for reasons that are fairly obvious
- crime is a crime and lawbreakers must be held responsible regardless of
whether they violate the law on the street corner or in the corner office. We
know that in the white-collar context, one of the most effective ways to ensure
accountability and to deter future misconduct is in pursuing not just corporate
entities, but also the individuals through which these corporations act.



 Historically, prosecutors were interested in holding banks and other
organizations responsible for wrongdoing - expressed through fines or
restrictions placed on future operations. With the amendment to the USAM, the
focus is to establish personal responsibility for corporate misdeeds. As
explained by Ms. Yates, "if a company wants credit for cooperating - any credit
at all - it must provide all non-privileged information about individual
wrongdoing. Companies seeking the cooperation credit are expected to do
investigations that are timely, appropriately thorough and independent and to
report to the government all relevant facts about all individuals involved, no
matter where they fall in the corporate hierarchy." (Emphasis supplied.)



 The amendments to the USAM will not impact financial institutions that are in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. But when there are violations
and the Justice Department is involved, the Department will seek to hold the
individuals involved accountable. No longer will senior officers be able to
escape liability or accountability by paying a corporate fine or discharging a
junior officer. The policy amendments may make the job of a compliance officer
more difficult and create greater tension between compliance officers and senior
management.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday

Feeling capitalist guilt? Don't bother

BYLINE: NEIL REYNOLDS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS COLUMN; ECONOMY; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Deirdre McCloskey, the controversial Chicago economic historian, writes with
elegant, yet direct, first-person intimacy.

"I bring you good news about our bourgeois lives," Ms. McCloskey says in her
21st book, The Bourgeois Virtues: Ethics for an Age of Commerce. "I preach here
an apology for capitalism in its American form." With remarkable economy of
words and without a single direct reference, she here binds capitalism and
Christianity together - the Greek word gospel means good news, and the Greek
word apologia, in Christian theology, means the giving of reasons.

In Bourgeois Virtues, an encyclopedic, 600-page work that covers 4,000 years of
literary, economic and historical evidence, Ms. McCloskey relentlessly advances
a contrarian thesis. You can be virtuous and commercial. You can be liberal and
capitalist. You can be democratic and rich.

You can be middle class and perceptive.

In this heroic enterprise, Ms. McCloskey must trek through centuries of
intellectual calumny let loose against commerce. Karl Marx condemned bourgeois
society and held that its fall was inevitable. (What the bourgeoisie produces,
he wrote, "is its own grave-diggers.") Bourgeois, originally, simply meant
townsfolk - arising from the same Germanic root word as burgh and burglar (a
thief who preyed on towns). In the 20th century, it came to refer to the middle
class, and now denotes small-minded, reactionary, hypocritical and materialistic
people, especially when they earn a good living from commerce.

H.L. Mencken, the acerbic journalist, famously called middle-class America the
booboisie. ("The businessman," he said, "is the only person always required to
apologize for his occupation.") Ms. McCloskey says this extended sneer is all
wrong, that the maligned middle class exemplifies the virtues that have
civilized the world - to the degree, at least, that it has been civilized.

Much of the mistake, she says, comes from the widespread attribution of all
kinds of moral wrongdoing to capitalism. But wrongdoing, she insists, is not
unique to capitalism. Wrongdoing exists in all economic systems, and in all
times.

The German capitalists who used slave labour in the Second World War - Krupp,
Bayer, Daimler-Benz - were not the original sinners. "None of the sins of
capitalism were new sins in the 16th century, or in the 19th century or in any
other century," Ms. McCloskey says. "Commerce is the world's oldest profession."
Greed? She cites a reference in Virgil's epic poem, The Aeneid, to "the infamous
hunger for gold."

Hypocritical flattery? She cites Sumerian clay tablets, more than 3,000 years
old, that preserve exchanges between businessmen "offering compliments to your
lovely wife and confirming deals for copper in Anatolia and lapis lazuli in
Afghanistan."

Yes, greed lives in the option pit at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. "At his
worst, Capitalist Man is greedy," Ms. McCloskey says. "At our worst, so are you
and I. And so also is Socialist Man. But commerce itself is a civilizer, and
capitalism is the agent of egalitarian reform." (Ms. McCloskey advocates steep
inheritance taxes, hefty minimum wages and generous government-funded daycare
for the poor.)

"But fattening up the people is not the only virtue of our bourgeois life," she
says. "Richer people are less materialistic, less violent and less superficial
than poor people. They are better humans. They have larger, not smaller,
spiritual lives than their impoverished ancestors.

"The triple revolutions of the past two centuries in politics, population and
prosperity are connected. They have a cause and a consequence in ethically
better people. Capitalism has not corrupted our souls. It has improved them."

Progressive people who deny this, she says, generally do so with false anguish,
"complaining as they sip their caramel macchiato grande that their prosperity
comes at a terrible ethical cost." They insist that modern, industrial people
"are alienated, rootless, angst-ridden, superficial, materialistic, that the
consumption of goods is intrinsically purposeless." Yet this, again, is true of
consumption anywhere, any time: "It is not obvious that consuming in midtown
Manhattan is less purposeful than consuming in North Korea."

And the bourgeois virtues? Ms. McCloskey selects seven that express middle-class
values. For readers in search of personal goals for the New Year, here they are,
four of them identified by Ms. McCloskey as pagan, three as Christian.

First, she says, is prudence, which she defines as the instinct to buy low and
sell high. The other pagan virtues: temperance (saving and accumulating);
justice (paying people fairly for good work, accepting other people's success
without envy); and courage (starting things despite risk of loss). The Christian
virtues: love (taking care of one's own family, partners, colleagues,
customers); faith (honouring traditions); and hope (imagining better ways of
doing things, having a purpose in life, regarding one's labour as a calling).

Deirdre McCloskey is professor of economics, history and English at the
University of Illinois at Chicago - an exhilarating mix of academic disciplines.
Readers who want to check out her earlier work will need to cite the
Harvard-educated economist Donald McCloskey, whom Deirdre McCloskey used to be
before she had sex-change surgery, at age 54, in 1996. A bestselling chronicle
of her experiences as a transgendered academic of international reputation -
Crossing: A Memoir - was published in 1999.

nreynolds@xplornet.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          September 15, 2004 Wednesday

Fleming Cos. settles SEC's fraud allegations

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 251 words


Fleming Cos., the biggest grocery distributor when it sought bankruptcy
protection last year, settled U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
accusations that it inflated earnings. The settlement didn't include a fine, the
SEC said Tuesday.

The company, which is based in Lewisville, Texas, counted some payments intended
to reserve prime shelf space as current income rather than deferred revenue, the
SEC alleged in legal papers. Fleming neither admitted nor denied the
allegations.

"Fleming's repeated wrongdoing masked the reality of an increasingly
earnings-challenged company and prevented investors from discovering just how
poorly the business actually was performing," Harold F. Degenhardt, chief of the
SEC's Fort Worth office, said in a statement.

The settlements, announced in Washington, are part of a larger U.S. government
investigation of the food industry's accounting practices. Three former
executives of Royal Ahold NV's U.S. unit were charged in July with inflating
earnings by more than $800 million at the world's third-largest retailer.

Settling charges along with Fleming were Dean Foods Co., the biggest U.S. milk
processor; Kemps LLC, a second dairy company; and a Fleming supplier named
Digital Exchange Systems Inc., plus some executives of those companies. The
companies and their executives neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing.

Also settling allegations without admitting or denying wrongdoing were some
people who worked for Frito Lay Inc. and Kraft Foods Inc., the SEC said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 14, 1993, Monday

HELPLINE

BYLINE: Gene Tharpe

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 4

LENGTH: 631 words


Where can unhappy consumers go? State office handles numerous complaints

In Georgia, if you have a consumer problem with a company and you cannot resolve
it, where do you go for assistance?

There is no single answer.

You may contact local Better Business Bureaus. They can provide information
about many companies and perhaps help settle or mediate disputes. But they have
no enforcement powers if they uncover wrongdoing.

You may file suit in small claims court. But you have to collect any judgment in
your favor. And that can be very difficult, often impossible.

You may complain to the Federal Trade Commission or other federal regulatory
agencies. But they look for patterns of business misbehavior, and seldom become
involved in individual complaints.

Several state agencies, such as the secretary of state's and the insurance
commissioner's, provide some consumer assistance in their areas of authority, if
you can determine which office to call.

The most likely source of assistance is the Governor's Office of Consumer
Affairs - but even its legal enforcement powers are limited to civil actions.

If criminal violations appear likely, the office has to refer the case to local,
state or federal criminal investigation agencies.

Enforcement powers

The consumer affairs office was established in 1975 to administer the Georgia
Fair Business Practices Act, which defines unfair, deceptive and unlawful
business practices.

In recent years, the General Assembly has also authorized the office to
administer other state consumer laws governing charity solicitations, buying
clubs and multilevel distributorships.

"Some 90,000 to 100,000 Georgians will contact us this year," said Barry Reid,
who is the administrator of the office.

To handle consumer complaints, Mr. Reid has a staff of 39, including six
attorneys and 15 investigators. He lost four staff members in 1991, when the
recession forced cuts in state operations.

Despite some critics' contention that his office is not aggressive enough in
pursuing consumer complaints of questionable or fraudulent business practices,
Mr. Reid insists it's performing its job well.

"We help or get solutions for three of four consumers who contact us," he said.
"It's the fourth one who complains we are not doing enough."

Handling complaints

Complaints to the office are handled in several ways, depending on the topic.

Of the 90,000 to 100,000 complaints expected this year - up from 75,000 in 1990
- approximately one-third will be referred to another agency with legal
authority in the area.

Of the remainder, most are one-shot complaints about a business that show no
criminal activity or no pattern of violations of state or federal consumer laws.

Mr. Reid said his office settles most such complaints by contacting the company
or by mediation. But it cannot force any settlement if there has been no
violation of law.

"The time-consuming aspect of our job, requiring investigation and possibly
undercover work, comes with about 12,000 to 15,000 complaints annually where it
appears that violations of the Fair Business Practice Act or other consumer laws
may have occurred," he said.

To settle such complaints, Mr. Reid can pursue several legal actions, including
voluntary compliance agreements, cease and desist orders, civil fines, and, if
needed, filing suit in court. The office also has subpoena powers.

"We don't often have to file suit," he said, "because we manage to settle most
things out of court."

For information on filing a complaint with the consumer affairs office, call
651-8600 in Atlanta, or 1-800-869-1123 statewide.

If you have a consumer problem, call 222-8888, or write to Helpline, P.O. Box
4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302. Please realize that we cannot respond to all requests.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931700307

GRAPHIC: Photo: Barry Reid, state Consumer Affairs administrator, "Some 90,000
to 100,000 Georgians will contact us this year." /DWIGHT ROSS JR./Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                 March 1, 2006

High Court to Rehear Case on Free Speech

SECTION: Pg. 22 Vol. 25 No. 25

LENGTH: 319  words


The U.S. Supreme Court has decided to hear new arguments in a case being watched
closely in the public education community on the free-speech rights of
government employees.

On Oct. 12, the court heard arguments in Garcetti v. Ceballos (Case No. 04-473),
in which a Los Angeles County prosecutor alleges that his superiors punished him
for reporting wrongdoing in his agency in the course of his duties.

Groups representing teachers and school boards are particularly interested in a
determination on whether speech that is part of an employee's job is subject to
First Amendment protection. That category can cover such speech as
whistleblowing on alleged wrongdoing by employees, as well as potentially other
areas of job- related speech. ("Court Mulls Protection for Public-Employee
Speech," Oct. 19, 2005.)

Legal experts believe the court's Feb. 17 announcement likely indicates that the
justices were closely divided over the case last fall, and that the retirement
of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in January left a 4-4 tie. The court's newest
member, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., may now hold the decisive vote.

The new argument is expected to take place before the end of the court's current
term in late June or early July.

School Media Case Declined

Meanwhile, the justices declined on Feb. 21 to hear an appeal that could have
tested whether the court's 1988 decision limiting the free-expression rights of
students on a high school newspaper extends to public colleges. Students at
Illinois' Governors State University claimed that an administrator infringed
their free-speech rights by reviewing issues of their college newspaper before
publication.

The court declined to hear the students' appeal in Hosty v. Carter (No. 05-377),
letting stand without comment an 11-4 ruling last June by the full U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 7th Circuit, in Chicago, that the administrator had immunity
from the students' suit.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Sen. Mark Kirk sees bright future for Aaron Schock post-Congress

BYLINE: Matt Dietrich, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


March 20--Conventional wisdom sees nothing but trouble on the horizon for Peoria
Congressman Aaron Schock, who plans to resign his seat March 31 amid a scandal
over his use of taxpayer and campaign money.

Though Schock is not accused of any wrongdoing, the circumstances of his
resignation certainly have the potential for some uncomfortable questions from
federal authorities. And even if he's never accused of wrongdoing, those with
experience in these situations say he'll easily shell out seven figures to
lawyers as the process plays out.

It also needs to be stated, however, that Schock's current situations bears a
striking resemblance to that of Jesse Jackson Jr. as his campaign spending
habits caught the attention of federal authorities three years ago.

Yet when Chicago Sun-Times Washington Bureau Chief Lynn Sweet caught up with
U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk two days after Schock's announcement, the Republican senator
saw Schock's current troubles as little more than a few wispy clouds on a sunny
horizon. He predicts a role as a corporate spokesman in Schock's future.

Writes Sweet:

I asked him if Schock bore responsibility for his plight.

"We are all responsible for everything that happens on our watch," said Kirk.

Kirk then suggested what Schock could do next.

"I would say in my view, in his post-member life, I thing some big company is
going to grab him up and have him be the front man. He'd be the ideal front man
for some big company."

"What do you mean by front man?" I asked.

Replied Kirk, "To be the person on camera representing the company."

Hey, if Rod Blagojevich can be a spokesman for the pistachio industry, anything
is possible.

Sweet, whose reporting was one of the main forces in shining a spotlight on
Schock's spending habits, also caught up with House Speaker John Boehner and
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for their views on Schock.

As you might imagine, they have strikingly different perspectives. Sweet's full
story is here.

UPDATE: The Associated Press reports that federal authorities from the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Springfield have begun an investigation of Schock. Quoting
an anonymous source, the AP says the FBI is looking into Schock's spending of
campaign funds, billings to his congressional office and real estate deals
between Schock and political supporter. The AP report came out Friday morning, a
day after Kirk's comments.

NEXT ARTICLE Arron Schock fell fast, far, hard. He may still be falling.

RECOMMENDED

* Jon Stewart skewers "Doogie Howser wannabe" Aaron Schock

* "Chronic hubris" one symptom of Aaron Schock's ailment

* Illinois pension crisis: Self-inflicted wound? Legitimate emergency?
Self-inflicted legitimate emergency?

* Supreme court pension video: When is a contract not a contract?

* Bruce Rauner and Mark Dayton: The economics experiments of two governors

Matthew Dietrich is Reboot's executive editor. An award-winning journalist,
Dietrich is the former editorial page editor of the State Journal Register in
Springfield. He believes in holding our politicians accountable. Read Dietrich's
take on the leadership vacuum that sent Illinois sinking. You can find Reboot on
Facebook and on Twitter @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2015 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150320-2IL-Sen-Mark-Kirk-sees-bright-future-for-Aaron-Schock-post-Congress-032
0-20150320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2015


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 24, 1992, Friday

CIGNA UNITS AGREE TO PAY $ 150,000 FINE TO CALIFORNIA

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


The property/casualty insurance subsidiaries of Philadelphia-based Cigna Corp.
agreed this week to pay a $ 150,000 fine imposed by the California Insurance
Department for allegedly engaging in unfair rating practices in 1988 and before.

The fine is the largest ever assessed by the state's Department of Insurance for
violations of insurance rating laws, with the company admitting wrongdoing, aid
Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi.

"We're saying the only wrongdoing we admit to is inadequate documentation in the
files," Warren Levy, Cigna assistant vice president, said Thursday. ''(The
department) would call it wrongdoing."

The department accused the Cigna insurance units of charging individual
customers premiums not calculated in the rating plan filed with the department.

Other charges include improperly applying credits or debits to the premium in
order to make it appear to be in conformity with the rating plan, and charging
premiums that varied according to the location of the office issuing the policy.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    May 18, 1995, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

WHEN WILL GOVERNMENT LEARN?;
Good old time-tested American values can keep a person out of a lot of trouble

BYLINE: ROWLAND NETHAWAY

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: Waco, Texas


The heralded revolution in government should start with a remedial course in
American values. A lot has been made about values the past few years. Political
strategies, books, audio tapes and Sunday sermons have been based on values, the
glue that for generations held this nation together and now seems to be coming
unstuck.

Dominant values in America's Judeo-Christian heritage have been based on such
wholesome concepts as respect for fellow citizens. Humility. Do right. Tell the
truth. Admit wrongdoing. Repent. But, when necessary, punish wrongdoers -
particularly those who show no remorse.

I've witnessed the strength of these values during my decades in journalism, a
job that frequently finds the press butting heads with government officials.

The press is not anti-government. But a responsible press opposes bad
government. The Founding Fathers gave the press unique constitutional
protections so it could act as an unfettered watchdog over government.
Tyrannical governments cannot abide a free press.

I have seen how public officials from road-grader operators to presidents handle
reports of wrongdoing. Those whose responses reflect good American values are
invariably rewarded. But woe to those public officials who thumb their noses at
values held dear by the public.

Nothing can take the air out of a reporter's big story quicker than catching a
government official in some wrongdoing only to have this hard- working public
servant admit the blunder, explain how it happened, express remorse and promise
to never let it happen again.

Americans just naturally want to forgive. It's part of our culture. Particularly
when the guilty party is open, honest, humble and apologetic. But the public is
not willing to forgive public servants who are arrogant. Or those who lie, cover
up or refuse to admit their mistakes.

The nation's top public relations firms charge their political and corporate
clients huge sums just to repeat basic American values. Be open. Be honest. Be
humble. Admit wrongdoing. Apologize. Ask forgiveness. And watch the scandals
melt away.

There are limits, of course. An apology from a serial killer will not suffice
even in a culture predisposed to forgiveness.

Government officials could have avoided untold grief had they practiced basic
American values during and following the tragedy that left more than 80 people
dead at Mount Carmel.

When asked on "60 Minutes" Sunday why not one person in the Justice Department
or the FBI was ever blamed for anything in the Justice Department's
self-investigation of the tragedy, Attorney General Janet Reno said, "People
should get blamed if they did something wrong." Reno would not even acknowledge
any possibility of poor judgment on the part of the FBI during the 51-day siege.

Reno recently promoted the FBI official who oversaw the fatal 1992 debacle in
Ruby Ridge, Idaho, and the 1993 tragedy at Mount Carmel.

At least the Treasury Department's self-investigation found fatal mistakes made
by Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms agents. Ron Noble, the Treasury
official who oversees ATF, said on "60 Minutes" that ignoring the order to not
proceed if the element of surprise was lost was a mistake. "It was a mistake
that has cost lives of four Treasury agents," he said.

But then fired ATF field commanders were reinstated with back pay and benefits.

The anti-government fallout from the Mount Carmel tragedy would have vanished by
practicing basic American values.

Rowland Nethaway is senior editor of the Waco (Texas) Tribune- Herald.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 12, 2016 Friday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Wall St. Whistle-Blowers, Often Scorned, Get New Support

BYLINE: By WILLIAM D. COHAN.

William D. Cohan is a former senior mergers and acquisitions banker who has
written three books about Wall Street. His latest book is ''The Price of
Silence: The Duke Lacrosse Scandal, the Power of the Elite, and the Corruption
of Our Great Universities.''

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; STREET SCENE; Pg.

LENGTH: 1130 words


Becoming a whistle-blower by reporting wrongdoing on Wall Street or in a federal
agency that regulates Wall Street takes lots of guts. And a strong argument can
be made that whistle-blowers should be celebrated and rewarded for their
courage.

Incredibly, though, all too often the opposite occurs, and Wall Street
whistle-blowers are shunned, ostracized and ignored. Often, they are fired from
their jobs and blackballed from the industry.

The wrongdoing they witnessed and reported gets covered up. This is a typical
outcome, despite the promises from such prominent Wall Street regulators as
Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in the Southern District of New York,
and William C. Dudley, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
who have encouraged whistle-blowers to come forward and report wrongdoing, both
because it is the right thing to do and because it will enable regulators to
root out the bad behavior and prosecute those responsible for it.

But the real world of Wall Street does not work that way.

Take the much-discussed case of Alayne Fleischmann, a former associate at
JPMorgan Chase who, as I have written before, was one of the people responsible
in the years leading up to the financial crisis for making sure that the
mortgages that the bank was buying from third parties -- and then packaging into
securities and selling off as investments around the world -- met the bank's
credit standards.

In late 2006 and early 2007, she told her bosses that the bank was manufacturing
and selling mortgage-backed securities that did not meet its own credit
requirements, but she was ignored. Then, in February 2008, she was fired, and
effectively blackballed from the industry.

Appalled by her experience, she turned over information about what she had
witnessed to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department.
In March 2013, Ms. Fleischmann gave a deposition to Richard Elias, an assistant
United States attorney for the Eastern District of California, in which she laid
out all the wrongdoing she had witnessed at JPMorgan Chase. Her information was
pivotal in the $13 billion settlement that the bank reached with the government
later that year.

The bank's settlement with the Justice Department also resulted in an anodyne
''statement of facts'' that essentially glossed over the precise details of what
JPMorgan Chase had done wrong and what Ms. Fleischmann had told the department.
A complaint prepared by the United States attorney for the Eastern District of
California, whose team had been investigating the wrongdoing at JPMorgan Chase,
was used to get the bank to agree to the $13 billion settlement, but it has
never been filed and remains a much-sought but publicly unavailable document.
For her part, Ms. Fleischmann has moved back to her native British Columbia and,
since November 2015, has been counsel to the British Columbia Investment
Management Corporation.

Now, four former whistle-blowers who have suffered fates similar to Ms.
Fleischmann's -- all fired and blackballed after reporting wrongdoing -- have
banded together to form Bank Whistleblowers United, an advocacy group that aims
to improve the status of Wall Street whistle-blowers and change the way Wall
Street is regulated. Among its goals is to try to force the presidential
candidates to agree that they will not take donations from any financial firm
(or more than than $250 from any of its officers) that has been charged with
committing ''legal elements of fraud,'' in other words, virtually all of them.

The group's manifesto, released Jan. 29, pledges to hold ''the elite financial
leaders who led the fraud epidemics that caused the financial crisis and the
Great Recession personally accountable'' and to help ''to implement the urgent
changes necessary to prevent or at least reduce the frequency and harm of future
crises.''

The whistle-blowers behind the new group are not unknown.

One is Richard M. Bowen III, a former senior executive at Citigroup, who like
Ms. Fleischmann saw that his bank was packaging shoddy mortgages and selling
them as securities. He took his concerns to the highest levels of Citigroup,
including to Robert E. Rubin, the former Treasury Secretary who was then
chairman of the bank's executive committee. Mr. Bowen was fired.

Another is Gary J. Aguirre, a former S.E.C. lawyer who was fired from the agency
after he refused his supervisor's demand that he give preferential treatment to
a Wall Street banker that the S.E.C. was investigating.

There's also Michael Winston, a former managing director at Countrywide
Financial, the originator of billions of dollars of home mortgages that should
never have been issued, who saw wrongdoing and tried to do something about it.
But instead of being rewarded, he was ''punished, isolated, tormented,
financially harmed and ultimately dismissed,'' he has said.

Then there is William K. Black, an associate professor of economics and law at
the University of Missouri, Kansas City, who describes himself as ''a serial
whistle-blower'' when he was a federal regulator during the savings-and-loan
crisis of the 1980s. Charles H. Keating Jr., the infamous owner of Lincoln
Savings & Loan Association, once wrote a memo, metaphorically, of course, that
his ''HIGHEST PRIORITY'' was to ''GET BLACK...KILL HIM DEAD.''

In addition to encouraging presidential candidates to reject donations from big
banks, the four whistle-blowers have created what they called a ''60-day plan''
that would allow President Obama, or his successor, to ''restore the rule of
law'' in the banking sector and end the era of financial institutions that are
''too big to fail'' without requiring new legislation.

Among their proposals are ending the ''revolving door'' that exists between
Washington and Wall Street and that often curbs regulators' willingness to
prosecute the powerful law firms or Wall Street banks they hope to return to
when their government service ends. In addition, the group seeks to stop the use
of ''deferred prosecution agreements'' for ''elite'' white-collar criminals and
to get 500 F.B.I. agents reassigned to investigate white-collar crimes. It is
also asking Congress to allocate money to hire 3,000 new F.B.I. agents, 250
Justice Department lawyers and 250 S.E.C. investigators and enforcers.

It's an ambitious plan and one worth paying close attention to, especially if
there is to be any hope of returning Wall Street to a place that works for the
benefit of the American people and not just the people who work there. ''It is
our firm belief that, if these actions are not taken,'' Mr. Bowen said to me in
an email, ''our country will experience another financial crisis again caused by
the same misbehavior we have witnessed in the past.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/12/business/dealbook/wall-st-whistle-blowers-ofte
n-scorned-get-new-support.html

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday

Expert: Mike McQueary protected by state and federal law

BYLINE: Sean Adkins, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Nov. 13--YORK, Pa. -- The assistant Penn State coach who said he saw Jerry
Sandusky sexually assault a young boy would be protected by both the state's
whistle-blower law and the U.S. Constitution from losing his job.

Under the whistle-blower law, the university cannot fire or discriminate against
Mike McQueary for disclosing wrongdoing -- in this case abuse -- to his
supervisor, said David Wachtel, a partner with Bernabei & Wachtel in Washington,
D.C.

"Pennsylvania has a whistle-blower law for all its state employees and coach
McQueary would certainly be covered," Wachtel said. "He made a good-faith effort
to report the wrongdoing, so he would be a whistle-blower."

In 2007, Wachtel represented Kerry Beal, the security officer at Peach Atomic
Power Station who videotaped his fellow officers sleeping on the job.

Wachtel said Penn State cannot fire McQueary simply for appearing before the
grand jury.

"As a grand jury witness, he is protected," he said. "When you testify before a
grand jury, you have legal protection."

Stephen M. Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblowers Center in
Washington, D.C., agreed.

"His testimony is protected by the U.S. Constitution," he said.

McQueary could still lose his job

In 2002, McQueary was a graduate assistant working for the team. On March 1, he
was in the Lasch Football Building when he saw Sandusky sexually abuse what
appeared to be a 10-year-old boy, according to McQueary's grand jury testimony.

Distraught over what he had seen, McQueary first called his father and, the next
day, reported the abuse to coach Joe Paterno.

"By initial actions of reporting to his supervisor, McQueary is a
whistle-blower," Kohn said.

However, a further investigation must be conducted to show if McQueary's later
actions compromised his whistle-blower status.

"You need to look at if he was offered anything of value to keep his mouth
shut," Kohn said. "Then, he might be involved in the (alleged) cover-up. On the
other hand, if he was told that the incident was turned over to the proper
authorities or was being investigated, then he would still be protected."

And, while the school cannot fire McQueary for appearing before the grand jury,
it could terminate him for using poor judgment in how he handled the 2002
incident, Wachtel said.

"They are allowed to do that," he said.

Earlier this week, the school's board of trustees fired Paterno and school
president Graham Spanier.

On Friday, Penn State placed McQueary on administrative leave.

McQueary has given no public statement this week regarding his testimony.

___ (c)2011 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111113-YO-Expert-Mike-McQueary-protected-by-state-and-federal-law-1113-2011111
3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Expert: Mike McQueary protected by state and federal law

BYLINE: Sean Adkins, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Nov. 12--YORK, Pa. -- The assistant Penn State coach who said he saw Jerry
Sandusky sexually assault a young boy would be protected by both the state's
whistle-blower law and the U.S. Constitution from losing his job.

Under the whistle-blower law, the university cannot fire or discriminate against
Mike McQueary for disclosing wrongdoing -- in this case abuse -- to his
supervisor, said David Wachtel, a partner with Bernabei & Wachtel in Washington,
D.C.

"Pennsylvania has a whistle-blower law for all its state employees and coach
McQueary would certainly be covered," Wachtel said. "He made a good-faith effort
to report the wrongdoing, so he would be a whistle-blower."

In 2007, Wachtel represented Kerry Beal, the security officer at Peach Atomic
Power Station who videotaped his fellow officers sleeping on the job.

Wachtel said Penn State cannot fire McQueary simply for appearing before the
grand jury.

"As a grand jury witness, he is protected," he said. "When you testify before a
grand jury, you have legal protection."

Stephen M. Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblowers Center in
Washington, D.C., agreed.

"His testimony is protected by the U.S. Constitution," he said.

McQueary could still lose his job

In 2002, McQueary was a graduate assistant working for the team. On March 1, he
was in the Lasch Football Building when he saw Sandusky sexually abuse what
appeared to be a 10-year-old boy, according to McQueary's grand jury testimony.

Distraught over what he had seen, McQueary first called his father and, the next
day, reported the abuse to coach Joe Paterno.

"By initial actions of reporting to his supervisor, McQueary is a
whistle-blower," Kohn said.

However, a further investigation must be conducted to show if McQueary's later
actions compromised his whistle-blower status.

"You need to look at if he was offered anything of value to keep his mouth
shut," Kohn said. "Then, he might be involved in the (alleged) cover-up. On the
other hand, if he was told that the incident was turned over to the proper
authorities or was being investigated, then he would still be protected."

And, while the school cannot fire McQueary for appearing before the grand jury,
it could terminate him for using poor judgment in how he handled the 2002
incident, Wachtel said.

"They are allowed to do that," he said.

Earlier this week, the school's board of trustees fired Paterno and school
president Graham Spanier.

On Friday, Penn State placed McQueary on administrative leave.

McQueary has given no public statement this week regarding his testimony.

___ (c)2011 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111112-YO-Expert-Mike-McQueary-protected-by-state-and-federal-law-1112-2011111
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

EDITORIAL;
BUSINESS AS USUAL;
ANOTHER AUDIT, ANOTHER INSTANCE OF WRONGDOING BROUGHT TO LIGHT {SUBHEAD} Another
audit, another instance of wrongdoing brought to light

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 344 words


THE thing that is so bothersome about the Los Angeles city controller's latest
audit report is that it is so ... humdrum, such a normal state for the city.

Wendy Greuel's report states that Express Environmental - which disposes of
wastewater containing sludge, tar, grease and other by-products - routinely
claimed it had disposed of more waste than it actually collected and
consistently charged the city its highest rate.

How much was the city overcharged? About $1 million over a seven-year period.
That it?

Well, no.

Greuel said, "We uncovered serious wrongdoing and negligence, including massive
overbilling by Express, a lack of oversight by city departments and a poorly
negotiated contract by the city."

So that's all? Wrongdoing, negligence, massive overbilling, lack of oversight by
city departments and a poorly negotiated contract by the city?

Ho-hum, business as usual.

Isn't anybody doing their job over there? Besides Greuel's people? And they are
just doing their jobs, you understand, this is what we hired them for.

Audits with similar negative results are just so common now and have been for
years. Such as problems with the city's 1,131 take-home vehicles, with the Los
Angeles Police Department leading the pack with 786 of them at a cost of $7
million a year.

Another audit this year discovered that developers were on a "voluntary
compliance," or honor system, when it came to enforcement of conditions placed
on their projects.

A report at the tail end of 2008 took the city's engineers to task for
underestimating the cost and improperly designing eight new animal shelters
authorized by voters in 2000.

It goes on and on.

This particular audit was prompted by a complaint to the city's Ethics
Commission. Good for the complainer who made the call. Hopefully he or she gets
a bounty for his helpful hint.

We need more complainers. We need to run the controller's people ragged chasing
down leads and most of all we need city departments to be vigilant in their
duties in both negotiating and overseeing contracts with outside vendors. It's
their job.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 25, 1999, Friday, Home Edition

Q&A ON THE NEWS;
 Do you have a question on the news - local, national or international?  Colin
Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002 and follow the
instructions or e-mail: q&a@ajc.com

BYLINE: Colin Bessonette, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: News; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 750 words

Q: Is George W. Bush, who is running for the Republican presidential nomination,
the Bush who was involved in a savings and loan scandal some years ago?
--- Virginia Sexton, Marietta
--- Mike Morris, Kennesaw

A: No. That was Neil Bush, one of George W.'s brothers, who was a figure in the
Silverado Banking, Savings and Loan Association in Colorado. Silverado failed in
1988, costing taxpayers an estimated $ 1 billion. Although Neil Bush never was
charged with criminal wrongdoing, he agreed to pay $ 50,000 in 1992 to settle a
civil lawsuit lodged two years earlier by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Q: The newspaper reported that $ 10 million in "genius grants" was awarded to 32
people by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. Do you have any
details about the MacArthurs and the source of their fortune?
--- Ellen Warnecke, Atlanta
--- Leonard Smith, Atlanta
--- Bob Ruddy, Peachtree City

A: The foundation, which has been making the grants annually since 1981, doesn't
use the word "genius." It prefers to think of its grant recipients as people who
are "exceptionally talented and promising individuals." Recipients, selected
anonymously, have five years to pursue whatever interests they desire, with no
strings attached.

The private, independent foundation is based in Chicago. It was created in 1978
by John D. MacArthur (1897-1978), who developed and owned Bankers Life and
Casualty Co. and other businesses, as well as considerable property in Florida
and New York. Catherine MacArthur (1909-81), his wife, held positions in many of
these companies and served as director of the foundation.

One of the nation's largest foundations, it has assets of $ 4 billion and makes
grants totaling more than $ 150 million annually through two major integrated
programs (Human and Community Development, and Global Security and
Sustainability) and two special programs (General Program, and MacArthur
Fellows).

Q: Are people working inside buildings exposed to as much ozone as those
outdoors? In other words, are air handling systems able to remove ozone from the
outside air?
--- Tom Merchant, Roswell

A: While some filters in heating and cooling equipment collect particles and
dust, a gas such as ground-level ozone --- the major culprit in "smog alerts"
--- likely would travel through the system in a similar concentration to that
found outdoors, said Ronald Methier of the Georgia Environmental Protection
Division.


Q: In reporting on the burial place of actress Susan Hayward, Q&A mentioned one
of her films, "With a Song in My Heart," which I believe was made in the '40s.
Is there any place I can rent or buy that video?
--- Carl White, Alpharetta

A: You'll have to be patient --- and watchful of the cable channel American
Movie Classics --- if you want to see the movie anytime soon. It's not for sale
or rental in a videotape version.

"With a Song in My Heart," which featured Rory Calhoun, David Wayne, Thelma
Ritter and Robert Wagner, told the story of Jane Froman, a singer who in 1943
was seriously injured in an airplane crash off Portugal while on a USO tour to
entertain U.S. troops overseas.

20th Century Fox, the studio holding rights to the 1952 movie, hasn't released
it on video, according to Debra Dodds of American Movie Classics. AMC has shown
the film, but its broadcast rights expired in October. The cable channel is
renegotiating with 20th Century Fox for future broadcast rights, however, so you
might be able to catch it again later.  The best way to follow AMC's schedule in
advance is through its monthly AMC magazine ($ 12. 95 for 12 issues;
1-888-262-4700).


Q: Do you have any information about preseason games for Atlanta's new NHL team,
the Thrashers?
--- Scott MacLean, Forest Park

A: The preseason schedule as of now calls for the Thrashers to play the
Nashville Predators Sept. 11 in Columbus; the St. Louis Blues Sept. 12 in Grand
Rapids, Mich.; and the Carolina Hurricanes Sept. 15 in Greenville, S.C. Few
other details are available now, according to the team, because the upcoming
draft is taking priority over everything else. The team hopes to play one or two
preseason games in Atlanta's new Philips Arena, but that has not been firmed up
yet.

You'll be hearing a lot more about the schedule and ticket availability soon. In
the meantime, online information can be found at this site --- www.
atlantathrashers.com --- or you can call the ticket office at 404-584-7825.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            August 18, 2005 Thursday

Trimble cited for rude behavior;
In August '04, sheriff's sergeant said missing girl brought on trouble

BYLINE: KATHIE DURBIN , Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 831 words


A Clark County Sheriff's Office internal affairs investigation into the handling
of a 2004 teen abduction case concluded that Sgt. Dave Trimble was guilty of
rudeness when he told the press the missing girl had brought on her plight.

The investigation found that Trimble, a 25-year sheriff's office veteran,
violated a rule requiring employees to show "courtesy and civility" toward the
public. But it exonerated him of any other wrongdoing in connection with
complaints brought by the girl's mother, Debbie Farnam, and grandfather, Jack
Ward, over the agency's response after the girl disappeared Aug. 29, 2004, from
a Camas-area foster home.

Sheriff's Sgt. Cindy Bull, who reported to Trimble and who handled the
investigation, was exonerated of any wrongdoing.

Ward asked for the investigation after his 14-year-old granddaughter was rescued
from the Tacoma-area home of Stanley Scott Sadler two weeks after her
disappearance. According to an account she gave police, Sadler drove her to his
home, held her hostage and sexually abused her. Sadler is awaiting trial in
Pierce County on charges of first-degree kidnapping, third-degree rape of a
child and third-degree sexual exploitation in connection with the girl's
disappearance.

A Portland-based Internet sleuth located the girl through her postings to a
poetry site and led Pierce County police to Sadler's home.

'Clearly unacceptable' comments

On Sept. 13, 2004, following the girl's rescue, Trimble told a reporter for The
Columbian that the girl was "a victim just by virtue of her age" and that she
"invited this all on herself." Trimble later issued a written apology for his
comments, and Sheriff Garry Lucas called the comments "clearly unacceptable."

The family complained that the sheriff's office insisted on treating the case as
a runaway rather than a missing or kidnapped child; that deputies were slow to
take action after the girl disappeared; that Bull was rude and insensitive to
Farnam when she tried to provide information; and that officials failed to
promptly take and search the computer the girl used to communicate with Sadler
on the Internet.

Investigators addressed each of these issues, said the report written by Sgt.
Todd Barsness and Sgt. Kevin Allais of the internal affairs unit. "In all but
one of these areas, the actions of the members of this department have been
justified and shown to be correct," they wrote. "The single exception to this is
the comment made to the media" by Trimble after the girl was found, they
concluded.

The rule Trimble violated states: "Courtesy and civility toward peers,
superiors, subordinates, other county employees and the general public are
expected from all representatives of the Sheriff's Office. Any conduct to the
contrary, not directly associated with the performance of their assigned duties,
will not be tolerated. Sheriff's Office employees will exercise patience and
discretion in dealing with the public."

Based on an account Trimble gave during his interview, investigators said, "It
is apparent that although the comments (Trimble) made to the various media
outlets was factual, it was not appropriate given the specifics of the case."

Trimble did not respond to an e-mail seeking comment.

Investigators found that the agency "completed all of the required and necessary
steps" in their investigation, including entering information about the missing
girl into the National Crime Information Center tracking system and checking the
area where the girl was last seen. They noted that in the year prior to her
disappearance, the sheriff's office received reports of 551 runaway children.

In a letter responding to a public disclosure request filed by The Columbian,
Dennis Hunter of the Clark County Prosecuting Attorney's office confirmed that
Trimble's violation "resulted in discipline." Barsness declined to disclose what
disciplinary action was taken, referring a reporter's question to Hunter. Hunter
did not return a call from The Columbian.

Ward, contacted for reaction to the findings, said, "The internal investigation
report is a joke. That's the sheriff's department investigating the sheriff's
department. The public will never know."

Ward said that despite Trimble's comments to the press, his main complaint was
with Bull, not Trimble.

"I was hoping that Cindy Bull would have been disciplined. I haven't even met
Trimble. My only dealing with him was, I asked him to remove Cindy from the
investigation and give us someone we could relate to, and he refused."

Bull could not be reached for comment. In her statement to investigators, she
said she worked long hours on the case and made more than 60 contacts. She said
the girl's relatives often were hard to reach and in some cases were not
forthcoming with information that might have aided the investigation.

HOW TO CONTACT POLICE

* Traffic complaint hot line: 360-619-4101.

* Parking complaint hot line: 360-619-1284.

* Crime tip line: 360-696-8148.

* Reporting low-level crimes online: www.vanpolice.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dave Trimble - Violation "resulted in discipline"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Lakers end reign of Spurs; Bryant scores 39 points to oust defending champs and
reach league final

BYLINE: Sports Ticker

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Kobe Bryant scored 26 of his 39 points during the second half as the Los Angeles
Lakers advanced to the NBA final with a 100-92 victory over the San Antonio
Spurs in Game 5 of the Western Conference final last night.

Pau Gasol collected 12 points and 19 rebounds for the Lakers, who reached the
championship series for the first time since 2004, when they lost to the Detroit
Pistons.

Los Angeles will face either the Pistons or Boston Celtics, who lead the
best-of-seven Eastern Conference final 3-2, with Game 6 in Detroit tonight (8:30
p.m., TSN). The Lakers and Celtics have not met in the final since 1987.

It was another comeback victory for the Lakers, who trailed by 17 points in the
first half. Los Angeles erased a 20-point, third-quarter deficit in Game 1 to
secure a win.

Tim Duncan had 19 points, 15 rebounds and 10 assists for the Spurs, who have won
four championships since 1999, but again failed to repeat the feat.

NBA prospect Mayo denies wrongdoing: Former Southern California star guard and
potential NBA lottery pick O.J. Mayo continues to deny any wrongdoing, refuting
rumors he violated NCAA rules by accepting improper benefits from a promoter,
according to a report on ESPN yesterday.

Appearing at an NBA pre-draft camp media session in Orlando, the report said
Mayo told reporters he has done nothing wrong and his sole focus is on preparing
for the June 26 draft, in which he is projected to be a top-five pick.

Mayo and USC have been under intense scrutiny since a May 11 report by ESPN's
"Outside the Lines" detailed allegations that Mayo was given extra benefits by
promoter Rodney Guillory, who was working on behalf of agents Calvin Andrews and
his boss Bill Duffy of Bill Duffy Associates (BDA).

This month, USC denied having any knowledge of the situation, and the 6-foot-4
Mayo said he never accepted money, gifts or benefits from Guillory.

"Not at all," Mayo said. "We went out to eat, I understand the rules, and I paid
my part of the bill and sometimes I paid the entire bill."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: STEPHEN DUNN, GETTY IMAGES; Lakers guard Kobe Bryant lays up shot
over Spurs' Bruce Bowen in Game 5 of Western Conference final last night at the
Staples Centre in Los Angeles. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 7, 1997, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FBI ARRESTS CONSULTANT IN UNION'S ELECTION

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 23

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The FBI arrested a political consultant from Washington on Friday in connection
with an alleged scheme to funnel union funds into Teamster President Ron Carey's
re-election campaign. The bureau indicated that more suspects could be arrested.

Martin Davis, 35, a principal with the November Group consulting firm, was
charged with one count of mail fraud and released on $ 100,000 bond.

Meanwhile, a federal grand jury continued to weigh allegations that the union
election - which was funded with $ 22 million in federal money - was tainted by
corruption. The Teamsters said the union had fully cooperated with the
investigation.

A statement from Carey's campaign stressed that the complaint did not charge
"any wrongdoing or knowledge of wrongdoing" by Carey. "The Carey campaign . . .
is prepared to take swift and decisive actions regarding any wrongdoing by any
campaign staff."

In an FBI complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, Davis was quoted
as telling a confidential witness that the Teamsters knew of a plan to reimburse
the wife of a Massachusetts telemarketing company for contributions she had made
to Carey's campaign. Barbara Arnold, of Carlisle, Mass., made $ 95,000 in
donations when her husband, Michael Ansara, was doing work for the Teamsters
through his telemarketing firm, Share Group Inc.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                December 5, 2005

Indiana Supreme Court rules decedent's estate not liable for punitive damages

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 252  words


Punitive damages are not recoverable from the estate of a deceased tortfeasor,
the Indiana Supreme Court has ruled.

The issue arose in an auto accident case. Two children were injured when their
father, while driving drunk, failed to yield to an oncoming vehicle. After the
father died of unrelated causes, the children's mother brought suit on their
behalf against his estate.

A judge dismissed the punitive damages claim.

The Indiana Supreme Court affirmed the dismissal order.

It noted that the "central purpose of punitive damages is to punish the
wrongdoer and to deter him from future misconduct, not to reward the plaintiff
and not to compensate the plaintiff. ... [T]here is little, if any, additional
deterrence supplied by the prospect that one's estate may be liable for punitive
damages if one does not survive. "

Thus, the court concluded, "the purposes of punitive damages are not served by
recovering them from a decedent. ... The effects of [such an award] is that the
punishment will ultimately be borne by the heirs who are presumably wholly
innocent of any wrongdoing. We think that affirmative injustice ... would be
done by allowing the deceased's innocent heirs to be punished for the wrongdoing
of the decedent. "

The court said this was the majority view, but noted contrary authority from
Alabama, Arizona, Delaware, Illinois, Montana, Pennsylvania, Texas and West
Virginia.

Crabtree v. Estate of Crabtree (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9932106) Indiana Supreme
Court No. 55S01-0409-CV-431. Nov. 9, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors have Bean-Lee case

BYLINE: MIKE SALINERO and SAMARA SODOS, The News Center

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 438 words


State attorney to decide top county officials' fates.

By MIKE SALINERO

msalinero@tampatrib.com

and SAMARA SODOS

slsodos@wfla.com

TAMPA - State prosecutors confirmed Wednesday they are reviewing a Florida
Department of Law Enforcement investigation into possible wrongdoing by County
Administrator Pat Bean and County Attorney Renee Lee.

Mark Cox, a spokesman for the state attorney's office, said there is no
timetable for conclusion of its review. The investigation could be concluded in
a month or less, according to a special agent for the FDLE.

That means the long-running drama surrounding Bean and Lee's continued
employment with the county could be nearing a conclusion. County commissioners
suspended the two in March because of questions surrounding a pay raise Bean
OK'd for herself and Lee with Lee's legal approval. The FDLE has been
investigating the pay raise along with allegations that the women secretly and
improperly collected and read e-mails that pertained to the law enforcement
investigation.

Although the FDLE and state attorney's office are being tight-lipped about the
probe, it's reasonable to think the state attorney is trying to determine
whether Bean and Lee's alleged misdeeds rise to criminality, said Lyann Goudie,
a former prosecutor in Hillsborough County, Miami and New York's Brooklyn
borough.

"Usually what happens," Goudie said, "is that law enforcement investigates an
allegation of wrongdoing, they identify that maybe there might have been a crime
committed, but they don't feel they've got enough to issue an arrest warrant on
their own, and they send it to the state attorney's office to review it and
determine whether they want to direct-file information, a charging document."

Jim Madden, FDLE special agent in charge in Tampa, said Wednesday evening the
investigation was in "its conclusion phase," and could wrap up within a month.
However, Madden couldn't guarantee when prosecutors would finish their work on
the case.

The county's outside attorney, Richard C. McCrea Jr., is scheduled to give
commissioners a report this afternoon on the negotiations with Bean's attorney
on a structure for her resignation.

Several county commissioners have voted against firing Bean and Lee before the
FDLE probe is completed because a finding of criminal wrongdoing could spare
taxpayers from paying Bean $448,846 in severance.

Reporter Mike Salinero can be reached at (813) 259-8303.

Photo: Bean OK'd her own raise without commission's knowledge OK'd her own raise
without commission's knowledge

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 26, 2008 Thursday

Wal-Mart controversy ended in Pueblo West: Metro board admits no wrongdoing, but
agrees to alter executive session rules.

BYLINE: Jeff Tucker, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Jun. 26--The Pueblo West Metro Board of Directors put an official end to a
controversy that's lasted four years.

The metro board unanimously approved a settlement agreement with a group of
Pueblo West citizens who claimed a previous iteration of the board violated the
open meetings laws.

The settlement makes no official admission of any wrongdoing, but it also
requires the board to be more forthright with how it conducts its closed-door
executive sessions.

A group calling itself Pueblo West Citizens for Open Government filed the
lawsuit in 2004, alleging that the board violated open meetings laws by
preparing a package of incentives for Wal-Mart to bring a distribution center to
the community.

The group claimed that the board agreed to offer the company 160 acres of
publicly held land. The group also claimed that then-board President John
Galusha violated the law by sending the Pueblo Economic Development Corp. a
letter agreeing to offer the land, waiving $65,000 in wastewater and tap water
fees along with the requirement that the company install a traffic signal to
serve the center.

Wal-Mart eventually built a superstore in Pueblo West, but dropped its plans for
the distribution center and built one in Cheyenne, Wyo.

While the metro district doesn't admit to any wrongdoing in the settlement, it
does commit to changes in how executive sessions are called.

According to the settlement, the district will now provide as much detail as
possible about the subject of an executive session before taking a vote to go
into one. The board is also required to achieve a two-thirds majority of the
members present to go into executive session.

The settlement also requires the board to vote publicly on any incentive offers
to companies or individuals.

Finally, the settlement requires that district pay the plaintiff's legal fees, a
sum of $41,600.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080626-PB-Wal-Mart-controversy-ended-in-Pueblo-West-0626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2008 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday

Developer denies wrongdoing

BYLINE: Sam Nissen, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Sep. 22--Cay Clubs and affiliated companies filed Wednesday in Key West to
dismiss a lawsuit brought against them by dissatisfied owner-investors at the
former Sombrero Resort in Marathon.

And in a corporate statement issued Friday, the Clearwater-based company denies
wrongdoing or fraud in connection with the Sombrero development.

Cay Clubs International, Cristal Clear Realty and DC709JV, all owned by Cay
Clubs principals Dave Clark and David Schwarz, filed jointly claiming the cases
by all 23 Sombrero investors should be brought individually.

The motion to dismiss argues that since some buyers used different real estate
agencies, the complaints should be separated as such.

The document also points to a separation between types of transactions -
appraisals and sale of real estate - and claims appraisers acted independently
at the behest of each investor's loan company.

Cay Clubs also adds that other parties were left off the original complaint that
must be added for a joint trial, including a number of real estate agents.

But Cay Clubs is not just seeking 23 individual trials; its motion also denies
any wrongdoing or fraud alleged in the Aug. 22 filing in Monroe County Circuit
Court. Cay Clubs' principals repeated that sentiment Friday in a prepared
statement.

"We are never pleased when owners of our properties are dissatisfied," said
Clark, chief executive officer of Cay Clubs. "But as the developer and operator
of Sombrero Cay Club, we have realized significant progress in the evolution of
this property."

Clark went on to defend his company's business strategies.

"Our position of maintaining the property and accelerating operations during
this turbulent economic time has proven to be strategically sound as occupancy
and average daily rates continues to rise," Clark said.

A lawyer for some of the plaintiffs said splitting up the case is nothing but a
ploy "to try to overly burden the plaintiffs."

Howard Behar, a Miami attorney, went on to say the defense of the case counters
Cay Clubs' marketing materials saying the Marathon resort would become
world-class.

"It's unfair ... when all of their brochures say they would build a world-class
facility and now they are saying on the record they don't need to do that,"
Behar said. "I think it's very telling in terms of the overall misrepresentation
and fraud upon the investors."

In the original complaint, the owners say Cay Clubs and affiliated companies
misrepresented what it owned, what was offered, the company's future plans and
how much owners stood to make by investing in the Marathon property.

The Sombrero buyers also allege Cay Clubs utilized their money as an investment,
which real estate agents are banned from doing.

The motion to dismiss cites Florida law, saying the real estate sales were all
legitimate, and that fraud claims cannot be raised on investments in real estate
purchases.

The buyers say they were told Sombrero Resort, then a moderate-end hotel, would
be upgraded to a "world-class" facility. But they allege the only upgrades
performed on the property were new coats of paint.

"Cay Clubs contends that conversion of Sombrero Cay Club has been delayed to
preserve cash during the slowdown in the real estate market but will be
completed in the future," the company's statement says.

Earlier this month, the Singh Co. took back management control of three Marathon
resorts - not Sombrero - from Cay Clubs.

And Cay Clubs has warned in regulatory filings it may be forced into bankruptcy
if it can't refinance more than $74 million in loans coming due.

It owes more than $10 million in late lease payments to buyers and missed $1
million in loan payments this year, according to regulatory filings.

To see more of the Keynoter, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.keynoter.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070922-FK-Developer-denies-wrongdoing-0922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2007 Florida Keys Keynoter


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 30, 1992, Thursday

Clinton episode could hurt other Democrats

BYLINE: By Donald Lambropolitics; government; elections; personalities

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 456 words


WASHINGTON - At the center of the sex scandal that has brought Arkansas Gov.
Bill Clinton's campaign to a screeching halt lies the issue of personal
integrity.

Once again, as with Clarence Thomas's nomination to the Supreme Court, the
American people are going to have to sift through the emerging facts to
determine who is telling the truth and who is not.

"This not about sex anymore. It's about lying," said Democratic political
adviser Brian Lunde. "And once it gets to a question of who's telling the truth
and who's lying, it takes on a life of its own."

Thus, veteran Democratic strategists I have talked to over the past several days
were pessimistic that Clinton can put this behind him and get on with his
campaign.

Clinton's dramatic "60 Minutes" appearance, in which he admitted "wrongdoing"
during his marriage but denied having an affair with Gennifer Flowers, did not
appear to lessen that pessimism. Indeed, Clinton's decision to open himself up
to questions about his personal life seemed to raise still more questions that
will dog his campaign.

If Clinton admits to "wrongdoing," who else may come forth to make similar
accusations? Was there a pattern of "wrongdoing"?

These questions are not going to go away in the Democratic primaries. Nor are
they likely, even if Clinton should win his party's nod, to disappear in the
general election.

"These are legitimate questions about a person's personal life," says William
Bennett, former secretary of education and drug czar in the Reagan-Bush
administrations. "It's fair to ask if he's had extramarital affairs. If he's
going to be president, he could be open to blackmail and all kinds of things."

"What he risks is dying from a campaign of a thousand cuts," says Lunde. "It
doesn't go away. It keeps haunting your campaign."

The long-simmering rumors of Clinton's alleged womanizing have been bubbling
beneath the surface of his campaign for a long time. But the story, broken by
the Star, a supermarket tab that paid Flowers for her interview, came just three
weeks before the New Hampshire primary in which Clinton was the clear front
runner.

In many ways the episode may now serve to undermine the entire Democratic
presidential field. Some Democrats fear that it raises the party's weakness on
the "family values" issue all over again.

Meantime, much of the news media and the political community remains confused
over how it should handle questions of marital infidelity in presidential
politics.

"The fact that he may have strayed once is not by itself a disqualification for
a person's fitness for office," says William Bennett. "But a pattern of lies and
infidelity, that's a different matter entirely. It depends on the
facts."-(c1992.)

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 18, 1989, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Special Counsel Is Voted in Ethics Case

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1178 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 17


The Senate Ethics Committee voted tonight to hire a special outside counsel to
examine complaints about Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato's political dealings and
separate accusations that five other Senators acted improperly on behalf of a
failing savings and loan institution.

The committee did not vote on whether to begin a ''preliminary inquiry'' in the
two cases. Instead, the counsel will be charged with advising the panel on
whether that is warranted.

The five Senators in the case involving the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association
of Irvine, Calif., are Dennis DeConcini and John McCain of Arizona, Alan
Cranston of California, Donald W. Riegle Jr. of Michigan and John Glenn of Ohio.
All are Democrats except Mr. McCain, a Republican. Mr. D'Amato is a New York
Republican.

This appears to be the first time an outside counsel has been hired by the panel
to examine the activities of so many senators linked to one case. The counsel
will look into complaints that the five intervened improperly when they met in
1987 with Federal regulators who were investigating Lincoln and who ultimately
succeeded in having it seized by the Government.

No Evidence of Wrongdoing

Emerging from a two-hour session this evening, the committee chairman, Senator
Howell T. Heflin, Democrat of Alabama, emphasized that the panel had gathered no
evidence of wrongdoing by the Senators.

''In both cases, the committee's decision to retain outside counsel was made
solely to assist in obtaining and analyzing additional information,'' he said,
reading from a statement. ''The action does not suggest in any way that the
committee has found any indication of wrongdoing, or that a violation of any
rule or law has occurred.''

The committee voted unanimously to hire Robert S. Bennett, a well-known
Washington lawyer, to serve as the outside counsel. Mr. Bennett is already
advising the committee on an investgiation of a book deal involving Senator Dave
Durenberger, a Minnesota Republican. The committee is investigating whether Mr.
Durenberger violated the law or evaded senate limits on speaking fees by taking
payments for a book promotion deal and by letting trade groups pay for personal
travel.

Mr. Bennett first worked with Mr. Heflin as counsel to the Ethics Committee in
the Abscam investigation of Harrison A. Williams Jr., a Democrat who was then a
Senator from New Jersey.

Joining Mr. Heflin in a session with reporters, the panel's vice chairman,
Senator Warren B. Rudman, Republican of New Hampshire, said the two inquiries
would ''take several months.'' #2 Decline Further Comment Both Senators refused
to answer questions like why it was determined that an outside counsel was
needed. ''I think the release speaks for itself,'' Mr. Rudman said of the
one-page statement.

The statement said Mr. Bennett ''will be working with the staff of the Senate
Select Committee on Ethics, which is currently examining whether additional
proceedings are warranted.''

The next step would be for the committee to vote on whether to proceed with a
preliminary inquiry, which can be initiated whenever the panel receives a
complaint about possible violations of Federal laws or Senate rules. After that,
the committee would decide whether to go to an ''initial review,'' which
represents the committee's judgment that there is a need for additional
information. The third possible step would be for the committee to proceed to a
full investigation, which would involve hearings and a formal report.

In both the D'Amato and the Lincoln cases, the Senators are said to have exerted
undue influence on behalf of contributors or political backers. Mr. D'Amato is
alleged to have used improper influence in Federal housing programs to benefit
his supporters. The other five senators are said to have intervened with
regulators on behalf of Lincoln, whose chairman, Charles H. Keating Jr., or his
associates, contributed more than $1 million to the Senators' campaigns or
affiliated groups. #5 Pledge Cooperation All five Senators linked to the Lincoln
case have pledged full cooperation in the investigation.

''I trust in the system,'' Mr. DeConcini said today, adding that he expected to
be ''exonerated from any ethical violations.''

Mr. McCain called selection of an outside counsel ''welcome news,'' also saying
that he expected to be fully exonerated.

Mr. Riegle, the chairman of the Banking Committee, said, ''Their review will
show my conduct in this matter to have been ethical and proper at all times.''

Restating today that he had never discussed any particular deals for Mr.
Keating, Mr. Glenn said: ''I do not recall that there was any deal whatsover
that was ever made. I was not party to any deal.''

Mr. Cranston could not be reached for comment today, but in a letter to the
committee this week he said that his actions on behalf of Mr. Keating were
''totally consistent'' with inquiries he had made for other constituents.

Mr. D'Amato, in an interview this evening, said he was confident that the panel
would find he had done nothing wrong.

The investigation of the five other Senators was prompted by a request last
month from Common Cause, a public-affairs lobbying group here.

Mr. Bennett, the outside counsel, is member of the Washington firm of Dunnells,
Duvall, Bennett & Porter.

In addition to Mr. Heflin and Mr. Rudman, other members of the Ethics Committee
are David Pryor of Arkansas and Terry Sanford of North Carolina, Democrats, and
Jesse Helms of North Carolina and Trent Lott of Mississippi, Republicans.

SEVEN SENATORS UNDER SCRUTINY

H.U.D. Investigation

ALFONSE M. D'AMATO, Republican of New York

HAs been accused of violating Senate rules and Federal law with his involvement
with the Wedtech Corporation and dealings with Housing and Urban Development
programs.

Book contract

DAVE DURENBERGER, Republican of Minnesota

Has been accused of evading Senate limits on speaking fees by taking payments
for a book promotion deal and letting trade groups pay for personal travel.

Lincoln Savings Bank Inquiry

Investigation of five who accepted contributions from and lobbied on behalf of
Charles H. Keating Jr., chairman of the failing Lincoln Savings and Loan, and
his associates.

ALAN CRANSTON, Democrat of California

$850,000 in donations to three groups he controlled or founded.

$47,000 campaign contribution.

$85,000 for party-building effort at the Democratic Party in California in 1986.
Most of the proceeds benefited Mr. Cranston.

DENNIS DeCONCINI, Democrat of Arizona

$55,000 campaign contribution.

More than $50 million in real estate loans from Lincoln to top campaign aides.

JOHN GLENN, Democrat of Ohio

$200,000 to political action committee he controlled.

$34,000 campaign contribution.

JOHN McCAIN, Republican of Arizona

$112,000 campaign contribution.

Trips, including vacations to the Bahamas, valued at $13,433 for Mr. McCain and
family members.

DONALD W. RIEGLE Jr., Democrat of Michigan

$76,000 campaign contribution.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Senators Dennis DeConcini, and John McCain, at the Capitol yesterday.
They are among five Senators alleged to have acted improperly on behalf of the
Lincoln Savings and Loan of Irvine, Calif. (The New York Times/Andrea Mohin);
List of seven senators under scrutiny.

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Alco prosecutor Sharmin Bock cleared of wrongdoing, returns to work

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 578 words


OAKLAND -- Alameda County Assistant District Attorney Sharmin Bock, who was
placed on administrative leave in August after a reputed San Francisco Chinatown
gang leader alleged she laundered campaign donations with a disgraced former
state senator, has returned to work and been cleared of any wrongdoing in an
internal probe, a department spokeswoman said Friday.

"While on administrative leave, the office conducted a thorough and
comprehensive investigation to determine whether any ethical violations were
breached when she ran for San Francisco District Attorney," Alameda County
District Attorney's Office spokeswoman Teresa Drenick said. "We have concluded
that no ethical rules were violated. Agreeing to ask for contributions from
respective donor bases was in compliance with the local campaign finance laws.
There was no violation of any federal, state or local law."

In a statement, Bock said she was honored to return to work and felt vindicated.

"It is unfortunate that the false and reckless accusations of a criminal defense
attorney caused this situation, but this case demonstrates the justice system
does work," she said. "An investigation by the Alameda County District
Attorney's Office cleared me of any illegal or unethical behavior."

Bock was swept up in the FBI wiretapping investigation that led to the arrest of
more than 20 people in March 2014, including Raymond "Shrimp Boy" Chow and
former state Sen. Leland Yee. The indictment alleged that Yee conspired to
illegally further his political campaigns and that Chow headed an organized gang
in Chinatown. Yee has since pleaded guilty to racketeering and other charges,
but Chow continues to fight his case.

Allegations against Bock surfaced when Chow's attorney Curtis Briggs filed a
motion claiming federal prosecutors selectively prosecuted his client when
evidence showed wrongdoing by individuals who were not charged. Briggs alleged
that wiretapped recordings of phone calls between Yee and Bock described money
laundering during Bock's unsuccessful 2011 bid to become San Francisco District
Attorney.

The defense motion was rejected and Bock said she did nothing wrong in her
attempts to retire campaign debt.

A news release by her public relations firm said: "Bock was in compliance with
campaign finance laws when she and then-State Sen. Leland Yee solicited
contributions from their respective contributors to retire campaign debt after
they both lost their races. Bock was also completely unaware that Yee was
involved in criminal activity."

According to the motion, on Nov. 30, 2012, Bock called Yee and their
conversation about soliciting campaign donations was recorded. In the FBI
report, the investigator wrote: "I believe this conversation related to Yee
swapping donation checks with Bock is part of his larger scheme to circumvent
state and local campaign finance laws."

Bock is a nationally recognized expert in human trafficking who created the
Human Exploitation and Trafficking Unit in Alameda County. In 2009, she received
the Fay Stender Award by the California Women Lawyers, an annual honor given to
a female attorney who has demonstrated her commitment to disadvantaged people.

"It is my privilege to work at the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
which has the very highest of ethical standards," she said Friday. "I have
always and will continue to always uphold these standards with pride."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharmin Bock is photographed at the Rene C. Davidson courthouse,
Tuesday, Jan. 12, 2010, in Oakland, Calif. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 24, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

ATLANTA TECH: Author predicts Internet bubble will one day burst

BYLINE: Jay Bookman, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 813 words

The investment bankers and Wall Street analysts now pumping Internet stocks to
stratospheric heights will someday find themselves hauled before a Senate
investigating committee, forced to explain why they misled investors about the
promise of dot.com stocks, says author Michael Lewis.

"One day (the Internet boom) is going to come a cropper," Lewis predicts. " I'm
not saying it's all one big bubble; there are parts of it that are very real and
substantial. But there are other parts of this boom that are just air."

Lewis chronicled the excesses of Wall Street in the '80s with "Liar's Poker, "
one of the best-selling business books of the decade.

He was in Atlanta last week to tout his latest book, "The New New Thing," now
No. 5 on the New York Times best-seller list for nonfiction.

In it, he tells the story of Silicon Valley's impact on the American economy
through the life of entrepreneur/engineer Jim Clark.

Clark, a poor boy from Plainview, Texas, has created three billion-dollar
high-tech firms --- Silicon Graphics, Netscape and Healtheon --- and is now in
the process of building a fourth, a Web-based financial-services provider for
the affluent called
myCFO.

"I saw Clark as an epic American character," says Lewis. "I also wanted to write
about someone who personified the Valley. Clark was a type. Silicon Valley is
littered with people who do what he does."

Much of the buying frenzy for dot.com stocks began with the initial public
offering of Netscape in 1995. As Lewis tells the story, Clark had a personal
motive for pushing an IPO so early in Netscape's history, when the company was
barely a few months old and had yet to turn a profit.

At the time, Clark was lusting for a specially made yacht, the largest in the
world. Built in the Netherlands, it would be completely computerized, so that
Clark could sit in San Francisco and sail the boat across the Atlantic from his
desk. To make that dream real, though, Clark needed the kind of cash that only
an IPO could generate.

The Netscape stock offering turned out to be a wild success. Netscape shares,
initially priced at $ 12, rose to $ 140 within three months, and with that the
Internet stock boom was on. "People started drinking my Kool-Aid," as Clark told
Lewis.

The billions of dollars in Wall Street fees generated by Netscape and subsequent
high-tech IPOs have created a system that Lewis calls "inherently corrupt." When
dot.com companies go looking for a Wall Street firm to handle their IPOs, they
select those firms willing to give their stock "good buzz."

Lewis recalls a meeting between Clark and Wall Street bankers to discuss his
idea for Healtheon, a company that would use the Internet to handle the immense
paperwork created among patients, doctors and insurance companies. When one
banker suggested that IBM had started a similar service and might be a
competitor, Clark pounced.

"They've got nothing on us," he said. "As soon as we hire a PR person, we're
going to flatten them."

The concept behind Healtheon appealed to Clark in part because he considered it
safe from competition from Microsoft, which had already begun to try muscling
Netscape out of the Web-browser business. But that changed when Microsoft
invested in Atlanta-based WebMD, at the time a consumer- oriented Web site
offering medical information.

"Clark saw WebMD as just a fly-by-night operation with good PR going for it, "
Lewis said. "He didn't see it as any competition at all. But that changed when
Microsoft invested in it. That's when he sent up the white flag and agreed to
merge." Last summer, Healtheon merged with WebMD, and Microsoft now has a seat
on Healtheon/WebMD's board.

In "The New New Thing," Lewis also documents the maiden voyage of Clark's
computerized yacht, Hyperion, across the Atlantic Ocean. The software was still
full of bugs, the technology was untested, and the old-salt crew members deeply
distrustful of this new-fangled approach. But they set sail anyway, with both
Lewis and Clark aboard.

The troubled voyage was in some ways a metaphor for the world economy, which is
setting sail into a dangerous new era and betting its future on high technology.

"Yes, we're all on board that boat!" Lewis says. "There was a great conflict
going on, between the old way and the new way, the sailors vs. the geeks. That's
what we all face."

The Internet revolution is already creating serious economic, social and
cultural dislocations, Lewis says. But unlike the turmoil of the '80s, which
displaced steelworkers and other factory workers, this crisis will hit the
middle and upper-middle classes the hardest. For the moment, the impact of that
change has been disguised by all the profits being generated on Wall Street, he
says.

But when that bubble bursts, the fallout may become the hottest political issue
of the decade to come.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Author Michael Lewis / DAN DEITCH / W.W. Norton & Company
Photo
 Netscape founder Jim Clark (above) is an "epic American character," says author
Michael Lewis (left) in his best-selling book "The New New Thing," which argues
that the market boom built on Internet companies has too little substance, and
its collapse will hit the middle-class where it hurts. / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           October 16, 2004 Saturday
                                  West Edition

AIG's Greenberg takes heat for wrongdoing at insurer

BYLINE: Adrian Michaels and Dan Roberts, Financial Times

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: NEWS; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: MILAN; NEW YORK


MILAN and NEW YORK - The insurance industry was granted sight of a rare species
yesterday: a contrite Maurice "Hank" Greenberg.

AIG's chairman and chief executive, the undisputed leader of world insurance,
took responsibility for wrongdoing in his company, which has been exposed as
part of Eliot Spitzer's latest attack on the behaviour of corporate America.

Mr. Greenberg has been in the vanguard of top business people voicing concerns
that U.S. corporations are being overregulated in response to the wave of
scandals that started with Enron.

But the insurance industry probe launched by Mr. Spitzer shows the New York
attorney-general is increasingly replacing regulators as the driving force in
cleaning up corporate wrongdoing.

By contrast, William Donaldson, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, revealed on Thursday night that he was not even aware of Mr
Spitzer's latest attack.

The SEC points out that this is not in the job description of a securities
industry regulator, but Mr. Spitzer's action nevertheless sent shockwaves
throughout the insurance world.

News of the latest probe even sent shares in European brokers and insurers lower
yesterday.

London-based analysts noted that, while the UK operated differently to the US,
the use of volume-based commissions was commonplace.

Yet, it is in New York that the allegations of wrongdoing, if proven, will be
most embarrassing. At AIG's annual meeting, Mr Greenberg doubted whether
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act were worth the cost in time and dollars.

That view, echoed by others who argue that white-collar crime enforcers are
pursuing too many cases and pushing for unjust penalties, was always setting the
company up for a fall should calamity strike.

Yesterday AIG said it had narrowed the problem down to two employees in the
excessive casualty insurance operations of one unit known as American Home.

Mr Greenberg said: "We're sickened by this action that took place and we are
obviously doing everything we can -- whatever goes on in this company I am
accountable for."

The AIG chief stressed that the company was co- operating fully with the office
of Mr .Spitzer, and hoped that the impact on the business overall would be
minimal while making clear that the investigation was continuing.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2004 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

Collection Firms Reach $1M Settlement; Dismiss Several Thousand Cases

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 410  words


Collection agency Resurgent Capital Services LPA and affiliated debt buyer LVNV
Funding LLC will pay $1 million to Maryland regulators and agreed to dismiss
several thousand collection cases to resolve alleged violations of federal and
state collection laws. Â Resurgent Capital, based in Greenville, S.C., and LVNV
Funding in Las Vegas will dismiss 3,564 cases pending in Maryland district
courts totaling $7.7 million in claims but will be able to re-file them, under
the agreement announced Monday with the Maryland Commissioner of Financial
Regulation. The companies also agreed to give more than $3.8 million in credits
to more than 6,200 consumers whose cases already have been settled or
adjudicated. The voluntary settlement is with the Maryland State Collection
Agency Licensing Board (CALB). The Commissioner of Financial Regulation oversees
the CALB. Both are part of the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and
Regulation.

In October 2011, Maryland regulators suspended the collection licenses of the
two companies and ordered them to stop collecting from consumers in the state
(see story). The companies were cited for violations of several collection laws,
including filing "false, deceptive or deficient affidavits" in court cases,
misrepresenting the amount owed and collecting unauthorized attorney fees.

In September 2011, LVNV settled a class-action lawsuit by agreeing to forgive
about $10 million in debt it had tried to collect from 3,500 Maryland consumers
(see story). A key part of the suit was that the company received its collection
license after filing thousands of cases in the state. LVNV did not admit any
wrongdoing.

In Monday's settlement, both companies denied any liability and wrongdoing. The
voluntary agreement does not constitute any admission of liability on their
part. Both companies are part of New York-based Sherman Financial Group LLC.
LVNV Funding's and Resurgent Capital Services' collection agency licenses will
be fully reinstated as part of the agreement. "We are pleased that we have been
able to reach such a positive and amicable resolution of all outstanding issues
with" the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation, said Tom
Thurmond, Resurgent Capital Service's executive vice president, in a statement.
"We are committed to working proactively with all regulators in a manner that
reflects our dedicated concern for consumer protection and our commitment to
ethical corporate behavior."

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 9, 2005 Monday CITY-D EDITION

News in Brief

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 706 words


In the Nation

Next mayor of San Antonio

to be chosen in June runoff

* San Antonio Councilman Julian Castro, 30, will face a retired Texas appeals
court judge, Phil Hardberger, 70, in a June runoff for mayor of the nation's
eighth-largest city after neither received more than 50 percent of the vote
Saturday. Castro led with about 42 percent of the votes, with three-fourths of
the precincts counted; Hardberger received 30 percent. - AP

Navy says sub crew failed

to adequately review charts

* The crew of a submarine that struck an undersea mountain in the Pacific Ocean
did not adequately review navigation charts that warned of an obstacle,
according to a Navy report released Saturday. The USS San Francisco was en route
to Australia when the accident occurred Jan. 8 about 360 miles southeast of
Guam, killing one sailor and injuring 97 others. The skipper of the submarine,
Cmdr. Kevin Mooney, was earlier relieved of his command and reprimanded. - AP

Pentagon: 1,700 reports

of sex assault in 2004

* Military investigators received 1,700 reports of sexual assault in 2004
involving at least one member of the military, the Pentagon has announced. That
number includes cases in which a service member was either an alleged assailant
or a victim. It is the first year the military has tracked the statistic, a move
resulting from sexual-assault scandals at the Air Force Academy and among troops
deployed overseas. - AP

Stamford, Conn., mayor

cleared of wrongdoing

* A state corruption investigation has cleared Stamford, Conn., Mayor Dannel
Malloy of any wrongdoing, prompting the Democrat to revive his bid for governor.
The state's attorney's office investigated whether city contractors received
preferential treatment in return for doing work on Malloy's house; it concluded
there was "no credible evidence of criminal wrongdoing." - AP

In the World

U.N. worker is killed

in suicide attack in Kabul

* A U.N. worker from Myanmar was among three people killed in a suicide attack
at an Internet cafe in the Afghan capital of Kabul, officials said yesterday. An
Interior Ministry spokesman said one of the three killed in the Saturday attack
appeared to be the bomber; the third fatality and five wounded were Afghani, the
spokesman said. - AP

Rebels in Myanmar deny

responsibility for 3 blasts

* Opposition groups yesterday denied involvement in three explosions in
Myanmar's capital on Saturday that killed at least 11 people and wounded 162,
the worst bombings to shake Yangon in decades. Myanmar's military junta blamed
ethnic rebel groups, including the Karen National Union and the Shan State Army,
and a self-proclaimed government-in-exile called the National Coalition
Government of the Union of Burma. - AP

Central African Republic

leader seeks election win

* Central African Republic President Francois Bozize faced off against his main
rival yesterday in an election he hopes will bring him the legitimacy he has
lacked since declaring himself head of state in a coup two years ago. The runoff
was called after an inconclusive first round of voting on March 13. His main
rival, Martin Ziguele, was prime minister under former President Ange-Felix
Patasse, whom Bozize toppled in March 2003. Results were not expected until
today. - AP

U.S. to give $245 million

for road in tsunami project

* U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick yesterday signed an agreement
to provide $245 million for a road along Aceh's western coast, one of the first
of many huge projects to rebuild the Indonesian province after the devastating
Dec. 26 tsunami. The 150-mile highway will connect Aceh's provincial capital,
Banda Aceh, with the city of Meulaboh, which was almost wiped out by the 9.0
magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami. - Reuters

Princess Letizia of Spain

due to give birth in Nov.

* Spain's Princess Letizia, 33, the former newscaster who married Prince Felipe,
37, last May, expects to give birth in November, the palace said yesterday. If
it's a boy, he could become the second in line to the Spanish throne. If it's a
girl, she'd come after any sons the couple might have in the future. Felipe is
King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia's only son and third child. - AP

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
OLIVIER MAIRE, Associated Press
Going horn to horn, two cows battled yesterday during the cow-fight finals in
Aproz, in the western Alpine canton of Valais, Switzerland. Valais is home to a
breed of cows, the Herens, which fight to establish a herd hierarchy. Valais has
held cow sporting events since 1922. More than 11,000 watched this year's
finals.

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Alameda County prosecutor Sharmin Bock cleared of wrongdoing, returns to work

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 578 words


OAKLAND -- Alameda County Assistant District Attorney Sharmin Bock, who was
placed on administrative leave in August after a reputed San Francisco Chinatown
gang leader alleged she laundered campaign donations with a disgraced former
state senator, has returned to work and been cleared of any wrongdoing in an
internal probe, a department spokeswoman said Friday.

"While on administrative leave, the office conducted a thorough and
comprehensive investigation to determine whether any ethical violations were
breached when she ran for San Francisco District Attorney," Alameda County
District Attorney's Office spokeswoman Teresa Drenick said. "We have concluded
that no ethical rules were violated. Agreeing to ask for contributions from
respective donor bases was in compliance with the local campaign finance laws.
There was no violation of any federal, state or local law."

In a statement, Bock said she was honored to return to work and felt vindicated.

"It is unfortunate that the false and reckless accusations of a criminal defense
attorney caused this situation, but this case demonstrates the justice system
does work," she said. "An investigation by the Alameda County District
Attorney's Office cleared me of any illegal or unethical behavior."

Bock was swept up in the FBI wiretapping investigation that led to the arrest of
more than 20 people in March 2014, including Raymond "Shrimp Boy" Chow and
former state Sen. Leland Yee. The indictment alleged that Yee conspired to
illegally further his political campaigns and that Chow headed an organized gang
in Chinatown. Yee has since pleaded guilty to racketeering and other charges,
but Chow continues to fight his case.

Allegations against Bock surfaced when Chow's attorney Curtis Briggs filed a
motion claiming federal prosecutors selectively prosecuted his client when
evidence showed wrongdoing by individuals who were not charged. Briggs alleged
that wiretapped recordings of phone calls between Yee and Bock described money
laundering during Bock's unsuccessful 2011 bid to become San Francisco District
Attorney.

The defense motion was rejected and Bock said she did nothing wrong in her
attempts to retire campaign debt.

A news release by her public relations firm said: "Bock was in compliance with
campaign finance laws when she and then-State Sen. Leland Yee solicited
contributions from their respective contributors to retire campaign debt after
they both lost their races. Bock was also completely unaware that Yee was
involved in criminal activity."

According to the motion, on Nov. 30, 2012, Bock called Yee and their
conversation about soliciting campaign donations was recorded. In the FBI
report, the investigator wrote: "I believe this conversation related to Yee
swapping donation checks with Bock is part of his larger scheme to circumvent
state and local campaign finance laws."

Bock is a nationally recognized expert in human trafficking who created the
Human Exploitation and Trafficking Unit in Alameda County. In 2009, she received
the Fay Stender Award by the California Women Lawyers, an annual honor given to
a female attorney who has demonstrated her commitment to disadvantaged people.

"It is my privilege to work at the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
which has the very highest of ethical standards," she said Friday. "I have
always and will continue to always uphold these standards with pride."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharmin Bock speaks at her office in the Rene C. Davidson courthouse
Jan. 12, 2010, in Oakland.
Sharmin Bock speaks at her office in the Rene C. Davidson courthouse Jan. 12,
2010, in Oakland.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday

Police officer who shot Irishman resigns from force

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; North America

LENGTH: 264 words


JasonO'Brien

THE police officer who shot dead an Irishman in the US has resigned.

Tony Gonzalez (35) was cleared of any wrongdoing in the fatal shooting of Andrew
Hanlon.He was later charged with sexually abusing a girl in an unrelated case.

Gonzalezwas to be put on unpaid leave with the Silverton Police Department in
Oregon last Friday, but authorities have revealed that he quit the same day.

The local chief of police, Rick Lewis, has declined to comment on the
resignation.

Gonzalez was cleared by a grand jury of any criminal wrongdoing in the shooting
of Mr Hanlon (20), in Silverton on June 30.

The family of Mr Hanlon, from Dundrum in Dublin, yesterday announced plans to
take further legal action in relation to the shooting.

Mr Gonzalez has said in evidence that he regretted the shooting but was left
with no choice when Mr Hanlon ran at him as the officer responded to an earlier
report of a robbery.

Administrative

The police officer was put on administrative leave pending an investigation into
the shooting but was arrested on July 12, when a woman and her daughter accused
him of sexually abusing the girl.

He is being held in a county jail on counts of first-degree and third-degree
sexual abuse, but was cleared of any wrongdoing in the shooting case two weeks
ago.

Deputy District Attorney Matt Kemmy, said yesterday that there were no new
developments in the abuse case that might have moved Mr Gonzalez to resign.

Meanwhile, Danny Hannon, an uncle of Andrew Hanlon, has revealed that the family
has met with a group of lawyers in Portland to discuss the case.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

WASHINGTON:Grassley Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators in Launching
Whistleblower Protection Caucus

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary has issued the following press release:


[#x200e]To raise awareness of the need for adequate protections against
retaliation for private sector and government employees who call attention to
wrongdoing, Sen. Chuck Grassley today led a bipartisan group of senators in
launching the Senate Whistleblower Protection Caucus.



"As a long-time whistleblower advocate, I constantly hear from federal
whistleblowers who are fearful of retaliation," Grassley said.  "Some of them
have already been targeted for their actions. Much can be done to improve the
environment for whistleblowers and actually encourage more people to step
forward when they encounter wrongdoing. This group will help inform and equip
our Senate colleagues to respond to the needs of these patriotic citizens who
play a vital role in protecting against fraud, waste and misconduct."

Grassley emphasized the ongoing need to stay abreast of whistleblower concerns.
This week, a report from the independent Government Accountability Office
documented serious obstacles facing whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  Grassley plans to convene a hearing on the issue next week at
the Judiciary Committee, which he chairs.

The caucus will foster bipartisan discussion on legislative issues affecting the
treatment of whistleblowers and serve as a clearinghouse for current information
on whistleblower developments of interest in the Senate.  It will also
coordinate training and consultation for any Senate office in need of assistance
in responding to whistleblower disclosures or retaliation allegations.

The founding members of the whistleblower protection caucus are Grassley
(chairman) and Sens.  Ron Wyden of Oregon (vice chairman), Ron Johnson of
Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Thom Tillis of North
Carolina, Barbara Boxer of California, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Tammy
Baldwin of Wisconsin, and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.

Grassley is the co-author of the 1986 whistleblower amendments to the False
Claims Act, making it one of the government's most powerful tools against fraud.
He is the author of the law beefing up the Internal Revenue Service's
whistleblower office.  Over the years, he has taken up for numerous
whistleblowers facing retaliation or other hardship within their agencies.

Several high profile whistleblowers, including several who have worked with
Grassley,  attended today's announcement.  They included:

Fred Whitehurst
Dr. Whitehurst is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National
Whistleblower Center and a former Supervisory Special Agent with the FBI who
began blowing the whistle on the FBI crime lab in 1989.  Dr. Whitehurst's case
prompted President Clinton to issue an order requiring the Department of Justice
to enact whistleblower protections for all FBI employees.

Robert MacLean
Mr. MacLean is a former federal air marshal who raised concerns regarding a
decision to remove air marshals from long distance flights during a confirmed
terrorist alert.  A bipartisan group of senators and representatives, including
Sens. Grassley and Wyden, filed an amicus brief in support of Mr. MacLean's
claim of retaliation, arguing that disclosures by federal employees are
protected under the Whistleblower Protection Act unless the disclosure is
specifically prohibited by statute, not merely agency rulemaking.  The Supreme
Court agreed in Department of Homeland Security v. MacLean.

John Dodson
Mr. Dodson is a Special Agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms &
Explosives.  Mr. Dodson first reported to Senator Grassley allegations of
gunwalking in Operation Fast and Furious and its connection to the death of
Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry. He later testified before the House Committee
on Oversight and Government Reform about the scandal.

Pete Forcelli
Mr. Forcelli is a Supervisory Special Agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms & Explosives.  He settled a retaliation claim with the Office of
Special Counsel after he testified before the House Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform regarding Department of Justice management failures in
connection with Operation Fast and Furious.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           September 5, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

SEC backs rewards for financial-crime tipsters

BYLINE: Ross Kerber, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: BOSTON


U.S. government rewards for whistleblowers: $102 million for exposing Pfizer
Inc.'s improper drug-marketing tactics, zero for warning about Bernard Madoff's
global scam.

The gaping discrepancy arises from federal rules on paying whistleblowers in
different industries, and top securities regulators think it's time for a
change.

"We have sought legislation to enable us to compensate whistleblowers for
providing substantial evidence of wrongdoing," U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission chairwoman Mary Schapiro said in a statement this week.

So far the SEC--which had brushed off Harry Markopolos's warnings about Madoff's
firm for years -- has paid out only about $150,000 in the past few years for
tips on insider trading. Meanwhile, it's estimated that tipsters on wrongdoing
by drug companies reap more than $250 million a year from the agency.

Former Pfizer sales rep John Kopchinski stands to collect more than $51.5
million out of a$102-million total payout after winning a whistleblower lawsuit
against the world's largest drugmaker.

Schapiro's statement came after she released a scathing internal report
condemning the agency for fumbling years of warnings about Madoff. In March he
pleaded guilty to running a $65-billion global Ponzi scheme.

Markopolos--now a Massachusetts fraud investigator but formerly an executive at
Rampart Investment Management, a rival firm to Madoff's--once hoped to cash in
for reporting the fraud. But would-be whistleblowers find it doesn't pay, their
attorneys say.

"The rewards are just not there," said Boston lawyer Suzanne Durrell.

Financial-wrongdoing laws like the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 were written to
protect insiders from retaliation, not to pay outsiders for tips.

Things could change with fresh lessons on how tipsters should have helped the
SEC.

A downside is that rewards could spawn bogus tips.

"When people blow the whistle for money, there's a tendency to bring out of the
woodwork people who make false allegations to enrich themselves," said Michael
Perlis, an SEC enforcement official in the 1970s.

Some of the best-known insiders in financial fraud cases weren't classic
whistleblowers. One-time Enron Corp vice-president Sherron Watkins warned
chairman Ken Lay of accounting problems, but never went to outsiders.

Even those who speak out can get zip. Complaints from former call-centre
employee Peter Scannell led Putnam Investments to pay $194 million in fines over
trading practices.

But in 2006 a state court turned down Scannell's suit seeking a share of the
recovery, on technical grounds.

Philadelphia attorney Brian Kenney said an improved reward structure would
benefit people like Markopolos.

"The guy did go through a lot, so I'd like to see him compensated in some way,"
said Kenney, one of several attorneys for plaintiffs in the Pfizer case who have
worked with Markopolos.

Markopolos didn't return messages for this article. But he should reap from the
Madoff affair in another way: his book, Army of One: The Untold Story of the
Harry Markopolos Investigation, will be published next month.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Washington:Report Finds Prosecutorial Misconduct and Secrecy at Justice
Department

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight, Inc. has issued the following news release:

Over the last 12 years, hundreds of federal prosecutors and other Department of
Justice (DOJ) employees have been involved in professional misconduct, including
misleading courts, withholding evidence that could have helped defendants,
abusing their power and violating constitutional rights, according to a new
report by the Project On Government Oversight.

The records, which POGO obtained through the Freedom of Information Act,
governmentattic.org and DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR), show
that from fiscal year 2002 through fiscal year 2013, OPR documented more than
650 infractions, including more than 400 that OPR categorized as intentional or
reckless.

But the public would be hard-pressed to know which Justice Department attorneys
have crossed ethical or legal lines because OPR, as a matter of policy, doesn't
release identifying information in its reports.

"The lack of transparency insulates the Justice Department from meaningful
public scrutiny," said Danielle Brian, POGO's executive director. "Our findings
raise serious concerns that the Attorney General's Office isn't aggressively
overseeing or disciplining its bad apples."

POGO's report includes the following recommendations to improve transparency and
accountability at the Justice Department:

Notifying relevant state bar authorities of prosecutorial misconduct.
    Posting findings of professional misconduct online for public inspection,
including details of wrongdoing and what corrective and disciplinary actions
were taken.
    Empowering the DOJ Office of the Inspector General to investigate misconduct
by DOJ attorneys.

A bipartisan bill introduced today by Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) would address one
of those recommendations by amending federal law to give the DOJ Inspector
General jurisdiction to investigate allegations of wrongdoing against DOJ
attorneys. Sens. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Jon
Tester (D-Mont.) are co-sponsors.

Under current law, the DOJ's Inspector General must turn cases of wrongdoing
over to the Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility. The IG
has far more independence than does OPR and should not be prevented from
conducting oversight of any misconduct at DOJ.

"The rules that apply to inspectors general in other federal agencies should
apply at the Department of Justice," said Sen. Lee, who sits on the Senate
Judiciary Committee. "Placing this responsibility under the OIG increases
government transparency and ensures that instances of abuse will be handled in a
timely and responsible manner."

Sen. Tester, chairman of the Senate subcommittee that oversees the federal
workforce and federal programs, added: "Inspectors General are true watchdogs
who save taxpayer dollars and help deliver better services to Americans. This
bill is a common-sense measure that makes sure taxpayers are getting the level
of service they expect and increases oversight of an agency that has enormous
powers under the Patriot Act."

For a quick take on the report, check out our infographic below or you can read
the full report.

For further information please visit: http://www.pogo.org

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

TEA: Letters outline sanctions for EPISD employees

BYLINE: Andrew Kreighbaum, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 746 words


Sept. 24--The Texas Education Agency is in the process of letting several
current and former El Paso Independent School District educators know that they
are facing sanctions for alleged roles in wrongdoing at the district.

The agency will not disclose which educators, or how many, face sanctions
because that process is ongoing, said spokeswoman DeEtta Culbertson. Individuals
are receiving letters including a scheduled date and time during which they can
present their side to TEA lawyers who will decide if the case should receive an
administrative hearing.

The letters are the latest step in ongoing efforts at the state level to
determine the culpability of mid-level

EPISD officials in the cheating scheme carried out under former superintendent
Lorenzo Garcia. In July, the TEA made its first use of new subpoena powers to
seek the release of previously undisclosed documents attached to the independent
audit report of EPISD by Weaver & Tidwell, LLP.

EPISD board of managers president Dee Margo said Friday some district employees
had received letters regarding their certification from TEA, apparently in
response to information gathered in those documents.

Culbertson said the potential sanctions are also a response to wider allegations
of wrongdoing at the district. The consequences could vary depending on the
person and the extent of any misconduct found -- from a reprimand to revocation
of certification to teach in the state.

"This is their opportunity to come and talk with us and present their case,"
Culbertson said.

District administrators under Garcia sought to game accountability standards by
blocking low-performing students from taking standardized tests that determined
federal Adequate Yearly Progress ratings. While some students were removed from
campuses or held back, others were improperly promoted.

After the individuals facing TEA sanction meet with agency lawyers, TEA will
determine if a case should go forward to the State Office of Administrative
Hearings. A hearing there would determine if sanctions, including the loss of
certification, should be imposed, Culbertson said.

The State Board of Educator Certification would make final ruling of whether
those sanctions are enforced. Should TEA's investigation uncover criminal
wrongdoing, such as tampering with government documents, the agency would also
notify appropriate law enforcement agencies.

The attorney for Austin High School principal John Tanner confirmed Monday that
his client received a letter concerning potential sanctions.

Austin-based attorney Tiger Hanner said about 30 current or former EPISD
employees -- all named in the audit report -- received identical form letters
from the agency. But he said the agency is not releasing the records the
sanction process is based on.

"If I won't tell you what the meeting is about and ask you to show up, do you
think it's easy to prepare? It's impossible to prepare," he said.

Hanner said he has reservations about whether anyone should go to the meeting
without first seeing those records.

"If they're not going to tell you what you're accused of, do they really want to
get to the bottom of it?" he said.

The Weaver audit found Tanner, who is currently on administrative leave,
implemented a credit recovery program at the campus that violated district
policy and state law.

EPISD trustees commissioned the audit report last year following a directive
from TEA. The 86-page final report found many high schools in the district were
essentially "diploma mills" while the cheating took place.

The report also identified multiple administrators at the central office and
campus level implicated in cheating and manipulation of student records.

But the execution of the report was also sharply criticized by supporters of
Tanner and other campus principals named in the audit.

Tanner was one of eight administrators who faced termination in April as a
result of the audit findings. But trustees reinstated all but one after vocal
protests of the move.

New EPISD Superintendent Juan Cabrera said the district is aware the letters are
being issued but is not involved in the process.

"We cannot assume that the outcome will be negative," he said. "We will have to
wait for the results of their investigation."

Andrew Kreighbaum covers El Paso Independent School District. He may be reached
at 546-6127.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130924-EY-HLT-TEA-Letters-outline-sanctions-for-EPISD-employees-0924-20130924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

Investors blame State St. for losses;
Firm failed to protect their money, according to two separate lawsuits

BYLINE:  Jon Chesto, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Business; pg. 18

LENGTH: 522 words


BOSTON - State Street Corp. is under fire in Boston federal court for huge
losses suffered by clients of a Virgin Islands investment firm.

In two separate lawsuits this month, plaintiffs claim State Street failed in its
duty as a custodian of their funds. State Street should have acted, the lawsuits
say, after TAG Virgin Islands Inc. dramatically shifted its focus from stable to
risky investments and after TAG obtained the plaintiffs' funds after submitting
numerous fake subordinated notes.

As custodian, Boston-based State Street was responsible for settling
transactions, transferring funds and providing accurate periodic account
statements, according to the suits. One of the lawsuits - a proposed class
action - blames State Street for more than $100 million in losses among at least
50 investors' TAG-managed custodial accounts at State Street.

State Street denied any wrongdoing, putting the responsibility squarely on TAG.

"These lawsuits stem from the alleged wrongdoing of an investment manager
retained by our clients," State Street spokeswoman Carolyn Cichon said in an
email. "As a custodian, State Street is not responsible for the actions of the
manager and intends to vigorously defend itself against the allegations."

The first lawsuit was filed Jan. 4 by Matthew Szulik - former CEO of software
firm Red Hat - and several Szulik family trusts. The Szuliks relied on James
Tagliaferri to manage portfolios that, at various times, exceeded $80 million in
value. Tagliaferri first invested their money through his Taurus Advisory Group,
when he was based in Connecticut. That changed several years ago when
Tagliaferri set up shop on the island of St. Thomas, under the TAG Virgin
Islands banner.

The Szuliks allege that TAG liquidated their conservative investments in
high-quality stocks and bonds and placed much of those funds in high-risk
securities that were incompatible with the Szuliks' investment goals. They claim
TAG instructed State Street to disburse funds from their accounts to use the
money in ways that were impermissible under custody agreements.

The Szuliks' suit, for example, accuses State Street of releasing $200,000 of
their funds for a worthless, unsigned promissory note issued by International
Equine Acquisitions Holdings, a firm that invests in racehorses. The suit cites
nearly $2 million spent on International Equine notes that were also worthless
because they were signed by Tagliaferri. The suit also accuses State Street of
misreporting the value of these notes because they were essentially worthless
scraps of paper.

The second suit, filed Jan. 11, seeks class-action status for at least 50
investors with State Street custodial accounts because they invested through
TAG. Like the Szuliks' suit, this one claims Tagliaferri switched from
conservative investments to risky ones, a shift that roughly coincided with the
2007 move to the Virgin Islands.

That suit alleges that State Street knew TAG was engaged in widespread fraud
because of the fake notes and other irregular transactions. The suit alleges
State Street assisted TAG in this fraud, partly by concealing it from investors.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Patriot Ledger


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            August 29, 1996 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

1st Union returning $24M to end overcharge claims

BYLINE: JACKIE HALLIFAX Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 370 words


TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- First Union has agreed to return $24 million to 110,000
auto loan customers to settle allegations that Florida's second-largest bank
overcharged for excess insurance.

``It's a great victory for the consumer,'' Gerald Richman, a South Florida
lawyer representing the customers, said Wednesday.

First Union National Bank of Florida said it did not admit to any wrongdoing in
agreeing to the refunds.

``We actually settled just based on our decision to avoid costly litigation,''
spokesman Kenneth Darby said from the bank's Jacksonville headquarters.

Attorney General Bob Butterworth and seven customers from around Florida who
filed a federal class-action lawsuit accused the bank of improperly charging for
insurance it bought when customers did not prove they carried their own coverage
for cars or boats.

First Union also has agreed to pay another $2 million to cover investigative
costs and attorney fees, according to Butterworth's office.

It is at least the second settlement this year. In February, Ford Motor Credit
Co. agreed to pay $9.5 million to resolve similar accusations, but did not admit
any wrongdoing.

``Our objective in this is to make sure a stake is driven in the heart of the
practice,'' Peter Antonacci, a deputy attorney general, said Wednesday, adding
at least one more case is in the works.

First Union National Bank of Florida, with an estimated 4.5 million customers
and 550 branches, is a subsidiary of First Union Corp., the state's
second-largest bank. Based in Charlotte, N.C., First Union has 12 million
customers in 12 states on the East Coast.

Refunds will not be made until the end of the year at the earliest. Customers
will receive payments ranging from a few dollars to as much as $2,000.

Nearly $5 million will be cash refunds to former customers; the remaining $19.4
million will be distributed as credits. The settlement covers people who were
customers from January 1986 through the end of next month.

U.S. District Judge Harvey Schlesinger in Jacksonville gave the settlement
preliminary approval Tuesday. A final hearing is scheduled for Nov. 20.

An appeals window lasts 30 days, and the refunds should start being made within
20 days after that, according to Richman.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1996 The Durham Herald Co.


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                            January 9, 2003 Thursday

National News Briefs

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Sentences tougher on corporate criminals WASHINGTON [AP] Corporate executives
who rip off investors or shred incriminating documents will be sentenced to
longer prison terms under guidelines approved Wednesday by a federal panel. But
the Justice Department complained that the new sentence ranges a response to the
corporate wrongdoing law enacted last year after the collapse of Enron Corp. did
not go far enough. Officials there wanted the new guidelines to affect a broader
range of crimes. Defense lawyers, on the other hand, said the U.S. Sentencing
Commission went too far. The commission usually gets little attention when it
meets to revise formulas that judges use to calculate sentences. Investigations
of Enron Corp., WorldCom Inc. and Adelphia Communications Corp. have raised the
profile of corporate crime and government's response to it. Executives in those
companies could now be sent to prison for life if convicted of wrongdoing,
critics said.

Sonar testing halted for impacting whalesSAN FRANCISCO [AP] In response to a
lawsuit filed by environmental groups, a federal judge blocked scientists from
studying the impact of a newly developed form of sonar on migrating gray whales.
Environmentalists say the high-frequency sonar could disorient whales and
separate calves from their mothers during their migration. The testing by the
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution of Falmouth, Mass., and Scientific
Solutions Inc. of Nashua, N.H., was set to begin Wednesday a mile off the
central California coast near San Luis Obispo during the whales' southward
migratory season. The National Marine Fisheries Service approved the experiments
last year. U.S. District Judge Samuel Conti set a new hearing for Jan. 17, when
he is expected to decide whether to make Wednesday's temporary order permanent
or allow the three weeks of testing to begin. "How do we know it's doing any
damage to the whales?" Conti asked. The whale-finding sonar that was to be
tested could be used to keep vessels from ramming the sea creatures. Also, oil
explorers who detonate undersea explosives could deploy the sonar to detect if
whales are nearby.

Police find woman in child abuse caseNEWARK, N.J. [AP] The woman who was
supposed to be taking care of the three brothers in a torture and abuse case,
including a 7-year-old boy whose body was found stuffed in a plastic storage
bin, was captured early Thursday in a Newark apartment. Sherry Murphy was found
sleeping at around 2 a.m., police Lt. Derek Glenn said. She had been sought
since the body of Faheem Williams was found Sunday, a day after his two brothers
were found starving in a locked room. Murphy, who was wanted on child
endangerment charges, had been caring for the boys since their mother, Melinda
Williams, was jailed on assault charges in March. The FBI has also been
preparing a warrant charging Murphy, a go-go dancer who is Williams' cousin,
with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. Newark police had been flooded with
tips that Murphy left New Jersey. No one has been charged in the death, but
authorities have been looking for Murphy, 41, who took the children after
Williams was jailed for child abuse.

Identifying WTC dead likely to take yearsNEW YORK [AP] The massive effort to
identify World Trade Center victims' remains will not wrap up early this year,
as city officials had predicted, and is likely to continue for years, according
to the scientist leading the unprecedented DNA project. Dr. Robert Shaler, the
city's chief forensic biologist, said Wednesday that he still hopes to reach a
goal of 2,000 identifications out of the nearly 2,800 believed lost in the
disaster. But Shaler said he expects identifications to come in small batches as
technicians struggle to work with damaged DNA. After a steady decline in
identifications in recent months, though, an unexpected DNA breakthrough has
yielded several new matches and could lead to more. Six people were identified
after a Virginia lab implemented a modified procedure that allows scientists to
examine DNA initially deemed useless because it was badly degraded by fire, heat
and water in the ruins of the towers, Shaler said.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Evening Sun


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

American Whistleblower Tour coming to IUPUI, Bloomington campuses

BYLINE: Mike Leonard, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 773 words


March 27--Most people will encounter some form of wrongdoing within the
organization where they work at some point in their careers, says Janet Near,
department chairperson and a professor of management in the Kelley School of
Business at Indiana University.

What should be done, what can be done and how to go about addressing wrongdoing
are big and important questions. "I think often students assume they have First
Amendment rights in the workplace and that's not necessarily true," Near said
this week.

Those issues and many more will be addressed when the Government Accountability
Project brings its American Whistleblower Tour to IU's Indianapolis and
Bloomington campuses Wednesday and Thursday. The tour is designed to educate the
public and especially university students about the moral obligations and legal
liabilities of standing up and blowing the proverbial whistle on perceived
malfeasance at public and private institutions.

The IU events, which are free and open to the public, will feature Rick Piltz,
who documented White House censorship of global warming studies, and Kenneth
Kendrick, who revealed food safety problems tied to a salmonella outbreak.

"Whistleblowers have made incredible differences for citizens across the world,
actions that often result in innocent people being protected from deadly
products," Dana Gold, tour director and Government Accountability Project senior
fellow, said in a prepared statement. "Whistleblowers should be recognized,
protected and honored, and that's what our tour is all about."

Near focused on protection in remarks this week. "One thing that is not widely
known is what organizations can do in terms of retaliation," she said. "Certain
kinds of federal employees have some protection under the law but it's best to
know what those protections are in advance. On the other hand, individuals need
to enter into this kind of arena with their eyes wide open."

Documentation of suspected wrongdoing is critical, she said. But consultation
with a lawyer or a whistleblower advocate is equally essential. "You can get
fired. Not only fired, but if the industry is small enough, you might never get
another job in that industry," she said. "Firms don't often line up to hire
whistleblowers."

At the same time, she said, most firms do want to know if wrongdoing is
happening within their organizations and many larger firms have hotlines
established so they can stop theft, rule-breaking and other behaviors that
ultimately damage the organization.

IU, for example, has a clear and publicly available whistleblower policy that
can easily be found through an Internet search of "Indiana University
whistleblower policy."

The program at IUPUI is from 6-8 p.m. Wednesday in Hine Hall Auditorium. The
Bloomington program runs from 2-3:30 p.m. Thursday at Whittenberger Auditorium
in the Indiana Memorial Union. Piltz and Kendrick will also present classroom
talks to students on both campuses.

"We're excited to bring GAP's Whistleblower Tour to our campus and have students
hear from these brave individuals who made tough ethical decisions for the sake
of public health, transparency and accountability," said Richard B. Miller, IU
Provost Professor of Religious Studies and director of the Poynter Center for
the Study of Ethics and American Institutions, one of the sponsors of the tour
stops.

More on the Tour

According to an IU news release: "From Sept. 1, 2008, to April 20, 2009,
salmonella-tainted peanut butter originating from Peanut Corp. of America plants
sickened 714 people across 46 states, contributing to nine deaths. Before the
outbreak, Kenneth Kendrick, the former assistant plant manager with the company
in Plainview, Texas, had made multiple attempts to alert state and federal
officials to public health violations. Kendrick's whistleblowing on ABC's "Good
Morning America" belied the company's defense that the batch of
salmonella-tainted peanut butter from a Georgia plant was an unexpected and
isolated event."

"Rick Piltz is a former senior associate in the coordination office of the U.S.
Climate Change Science Program. In 2005, he blew the whistle on the White
House's editing and censorship of science program reports on global warming
intended for the public and Congress. GAP, which represented Piltz, released
edited reports to The New York Times documenting the actual hand-editing that
was done to downplay human-driven global warming and its harmful impacts, and to
exaggerate scientific uncertainty.

___ (c)2013 Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130327-BM-American-Whistleblower-Tour-coming-to-IUPUI-Bloomington-campuses-201
30327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2013 Herald-Times


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 14, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

HOME STATE INDICTMENTS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 268 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI, Dec. 13


A state grand jury today indicted Marvin L. Warner, the former owner of the
failed Home State Savings Bank of Cincinnati, on charges of financial
wrongdoing. He was charged with 45 counts of willful misapplication of funds, 4
counts of securities violations and a count of theft by deception.

The grand jury also indicted two former officials of Home State and two former
executives of E.S.M. Government Securities of Fort Lauderdale, Fla. The charges
were announced by a Hamilton County grand jury, which since Sept. 3 has
investigated whether wrongdoing was involved in the collapse of Home State on
March 8, just four days after the court-ordered closing of E.S.M.

Two banks that had been controlled by Mr. Warner had large accounts with E.S.M.,
and Home State suffered ruinous losses when E.S.M. was closed under charges of
fraud.

Burton M. Bongard, Home State president until mid-1983, was indicted on 44
counts of willful misapplication of funds. David Schiebel, also a former
president of Home State, was indicted on 44 counts of willful misapplication, 5
counts of securities violations and a count of theft by deception. Mr. Warner
and the former Home State executives have denied any wrongdoing.

In a separate indictment, the grand jury returned 40 counts of aiding and
abetting willful misapplication of funds against Ronnie Ewton, a founder of
E.S.M. Mr. Ewton was also indicted on 12 counts of theft by deception and 4
counts of obstruction of justice. Another former E.S.M. official, George Mead,
was indicted on 10 counts of theft by deception and one count of obstruction of
justice.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           December 30, 2008 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 431 words


Emanuel to resign House seat Friday

CHICAGO | Rep. Rahm Emanuel said Monday that he will resign his congressional
seat this week, a development that draws further attention to Illinois'
embattled governor and his role in filling vacancies in the state's legislative
delegation.

The Democratic congressman delivered the news in automated telephone calls to
constituents. He is leaving office to become President-elect Barack Obama's new
chief of staff. He said he will resign his congressional seat Friday.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich will play a role in replacing Emanuel; state law provides
that the governor schedule a special election to take place within 115 days to
fill the vacancy.

Emanuel has been swept up in the controversy surrounding Blagojevich's Dec. 9
arrest on federal corruption charges, which include accusations that the
governor tried to sell Obama's former Senate seat.

Neither Obama nor any staff member has been accused of wrongdoing.

Blagojevich has denied any wrongdoing in matters related to the Senate
appointment.

Palin's daughter gives birth to son

ANCHORAGE, Alaska | The teenage daughter of former Republican vice presidential
candidate Sarah Palin has given birth to a son months after the announcement of
her pregnancy became one of the first dark clouds to swirl over the Alaska
governor's candidacy.

People magazine reported that 18-year-old Bristol Palin gave birth to Tripp
Easton Mitchell Johnston on Sunday. He weighed 7 pounds, 4 ounces. Colleen
Jones, the sister of Bristol's grandmother, told the magazine that "the baby is
fine and Bristol is doing well."

The governor's office said it would not release information because it considers
the baby's birth a private family matter.

The father is Levi Johnston, a former hockey player at Alaska's Wasilla High
School. Johnston dropped out of high school to take a job on the North Slope oil
fields as an apprentice electrician.

Robber leaves behind his address

CHICAGO | The robber's threatening note made a Chicago bank job easy to solve:
The FBI says the suspect wrote it on his pay stub.

An FBI affidavit says the man walked into a Fifth Third Bank on Friday and
handed a teller a note that read "Be Quick Be Quit (sic). Give your cash or I'll
shoot."

The robber got about $400 but left half of his note. Investigators found the
other half outside the bank's front doors. Authorities say that part of the
man's October pay stub had his name and address.

The suspect was arrested at his Cary home.

A judge ordered him held without bond Monday. If convicted of bank robbery, he
faces 20 years in prison.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Says Hussein Spy Agency and Iraqi-American Arranged '02 Trip by Lawmakers

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Justice Department said Wednesday that Saddam Hussein's principal foreign
intelligence agency and an Iraqi-American man  had organized and paid for a 2002
visit to Iraq by three House Democrats whose trip was harshly criticized by
colleagues at the time.

The arrangements for the trip were described in the indictment of an  Iraq-born
former employee of a Detroit-area charity group who was charged Wednesday with
accepting millions of dollars' worth of Iraqi oil contracts in exchange for
assisting the Iraqi spy agency in projects in the United States.

The indictment did not claim any wrongdoing by the three lawmakers, whose
five-day trip to Iraq occurred in October 2002, five months before the American
invasion.

Two continue to serve in the House: Jim McDermott of Washington State and Mike
Thompson of California. The other, David E. Bonior of Michigan, has since
retired from Congress.

''None of the Congressional representatives are accused of any wrongdoing, and
we have no information whatsoever that any of them were aware of the involvement
of the Iraqi Intelligence Service,'' said Dean Boyd, a Justice spokesman.

Mr. McDermott said through a spokesman that he had been invited on the trip by
church groups in his home state and that he assumed that the trip had been paid
for by legitimate charitable organizations.

Mr. Thompson said in a statement that the trip was approved by the State
Department and that ''obviously, had there been any question at all regarding
the sponsor of the trip or the funding, I would not have participated.''

The three-man Congressional delegation was criticized on its return to
Washington as having undermined the Bush administration's campaign to gather
international support to disarm and later invade Iraq.

The indictment, which was dated Feb. 13 and unsealed Monday in Michigan, said
the  trip had cost at least $34,000.

The indicted Michigan man, Muthanna al-Hanooti, was identified in court papers
as a naturalized American citizen who worked for much of the 1990s and again in
2001 and 2002 as public relations coordinator for Life for Relief and
Development, a Michigan-based charity. He pleaded not guilty on Wednesday.

The group's Web site says it was founded in 1992 by Iraqi-American professionals
who wanted to help people in Iraq after the Persian Gulf war a year earlier. A
man answering the phone at its headquarters on Wednesday afternoon, who
identified himself only as Sam, said he had no comment on the charges. Mr.
Hanooti is reported to have left the group in mid-2006.

Mr. Hanooti is suspected of having gone to work for the Iraqis in 1999 or 2000,
specifically by publicizing efforts in the United States to lift international
economic sanctions on Iraq. As part of that effort, the indictment said, he
organized the October 2002 visit and accompanied the three lawmakers to Iraq.

In December 2002, the indictment said, the Iraqi government secretly arranged to
allocate two million barrels of oil to Mr. Hanooti; he then turned over the
rights to the oil to a company incorporated in Cyprus for an amount of money
that was not identified in the court papers.

The charges against Mr. Hanooti, who was released from custody on Wednesday
after posting $100,000 bail and agreeing to wear an electronic ankle bracelet,
include conspiracy, making false statements and criminal violations of the
American embargo on Iraq.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

NBA PLAYOFFS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 240 words


BROWN UNDER INVESTIGATION

Police on Tuesday were investigating a report of a sexual assault involving
Lakers center Kwame Brown, the former overall No. 1 pick from Brunswick and
Glynn Academy. The alleged assault occurred early Saturday, hours after the
Lakers beat the Suns in Game 3, Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Jason
Lee said. The Lakers were in Phoenix for Game 5 of their playoff series Tuesday,
and Brown denied any wrongdoing. "I want to assure everyone that I am completely
innocent of any wrongdoing and look forward to the truth coming out when this
matter is fully investigated," he said in a statement.

STERN RIPS OFFICIALS (NOT!)

While saying he was happy with the way the officials are handling the playoffs,
commissioner David Stern acknowledged some mistakes. "Is the question, 'Do I
think the officials miss a play?' Absolutely!" Stern said Tuesday. "It happens
at least probably 5 percent of the time." Indiana's Jermaine O'Neal and Miami's
Shaquille O'Neal were fined for comments about officials. The Suns groused after
Steve Nash could not get a call Sunday. And it looked like LeBron James of
Cleveland traveled before a game-winning shot against Washington on Friday. "Our
goal is to make the officiating perfect, at 100 percent," Stern said. "We have
not, and we never will achieve that result. But I think we have the best
officials, the best-monitored officials, the best-developed officials in all of
sports."

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              July 22, 2012 Sunday

Letters: EPISD violations

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 732 words


EPISD violations

I cannot believe my own eyes when I read opinion responses to the El Paso Times
supporting the directors of the EPISD.

What is even more surprising is when those opinions berate the Times for doing
their job in reporting the the possible violations of students' constitutional
rights by EPISD administrators.

Thank God we have the Constitutional protection of free speech that allows the
Times to report on these wrongdoings and coverups.

When the Hon. State Sen. Shapleigh first went public in accusing the EPISD
administrators of grave violations of students' rights, the school
administrators tried to steamroll him into silence. The EPISD directors were
calling the senator a liar, even though they had evidence of wrongdoing, and had
even issued reprimands for illegally changing students' grades.

I say to the El Paso Times, keep up the good work. Without your persistent
reporting, none of this would have become public information.

David Macias

West El Paso

Our Downtown

So City Council wants to revitalize Downtown with a new baseball stadium. When
was the last time you took a stroll Downtown? Have you noticed how trashy
Downtown looks, and is.

If anything, you are going to scare people away. Let's revitalize Downtown from
the ground up by cleaning up the Downtown area first.

Investors claim that a stadium with a Triple-A team will revitalize Downtown.

Well, I have my doubts. This is not Oklahoma City. I've being there and the
demographics are so different. So stop making comparisons.

We have Cohen Stadium, a great site with a great view, plenty of parking, easy
access and lots of potential. All it takes is proper investment with perhaps Jim
Paul running the show.

Let's invest our taxpayers' money wisely on a sure bet. A Triple-A team can do
wonders for the city of El Paso, as City Council and investors have professed.

However, stay away from a Downtown site, for the only excitement we are going to
get from Downtown will be the buildings going up in flames.

Larry Perez

Upper Valley

Illegal immigration

This administration's main goal on illegal immigration is to let everybody in
and protect them at all costs, especially all the nationalities from south of
the border.

The Hispanic community is growing by leaps and bounds to the point that one day
it's probably going to be the biggest voting bloc. If the Left can receive them
with open arms now, give them all they need, and protect them from those evil
Republicans, the stronger they believe their political party is going to be in
the future.

Can you imagine if all the countries in the world did exactly the same-- a world
where anybody from any country could just migrate to any other country and
receive all the rights and benefits as its own citizens?

The sovereignty of each country would disappear and it would be all for naught.

That is what's happening to our dear country. Through questionable tactics and
maneuvers, this administration is removing from us the right to protect our
borders.

I believe they need to find a better way to get bona fide votes. Giving away the
farm should not be one of them.

If you want more votes come November, fix the economy, create jobs, put people
to work, cut the deficit and reduce taxes. Don't give away what is not yours to
give.

J. Fernando Garcia

East El Paso

ID nonsense

Interesting article in the July 14 paper. A Texas attorney, John Hughes, had to
travel to Washington, D.C., to plead the voter-ID law in front of Mr. Holder's
kangaroo court composed of three judges, who were rude, interrupted constantly
and "seemed skeptical" of Mr. Hughes' arguments.

Judge Robert Wilkins finally asked Mr. Hughes how Texas could require some rural
voters to drive more than 100 miles to get a new voter-ID card.

Duh?

If they have a driver's license, there is no need to drive more than 100 miles.

Irena Rowley

Northeast El Paso

Hospital safety

Monday's article on hospital safety reminds us to distinguish ratings that are
criterion-referenced (i.e., each hospital scored independently on a common set
of external standards) from those that are norm-referenced (i.e., simply ranked
relative to other hospitals).

It also reminds us to consider, for example, whether the condition of incoming
patients is taken into account before concluding that an urban hospital that
serves as a major trauma center is less safe than a clinic in a small town like
Billings, Mont.

Lawrence Lesser

West El Paso

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 21, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Waters Ethics Investigation Will Get a Public Hearing

BYLINE: By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE CAUCUS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 572 words


A long-running ethics investigation of Representative Maxine Waters, Democrat of
California, will be resolved on Friday at a rare House ethics committee public
hearing and two parties with direct knowledge of the matter said they expect it
to conclude without formal charges of wrongdoing.

Ms. Waters, a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, was
accused of using her office in late 2008 to set up a meeting with top Treasury
Department officials on behalf of a bank her husband owned stock in, at a time
when the bank faced possible collapse because of the financial crisis.

The investigation itself has been mired in controversy, after the House ethics
committee's own chief counsel accused staff members in 2010 of sharing
confidential details about the matter with Republicans, a violation of House
rules.

The result was an extraordinary outside investigation by a former Justice
Department prosecutor who was appointed first to see if the ethics committee
itself had acted improperly before restarting a new inquiry into the allegations
against Ms. Waters.

This second investigation is complete and has been submitted to a new panel of
House members appointed to review the evidence, two parties with direct
knowledge of the case said.

Typically, when the ethics committee holds a public hearing on an investigation,
it means that the committee has turned up such evidence of wrongdoing, but the
lawmaker has refused to accept a settlement, resulting in a hearing that serves,
in effect, as a trial.

That is a very rare step, which took place most recently in November 2010 to
address charges against Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of New York,
and concluded with a finding that Mr. Rangel had violated House rules by
accepting rent-stabilized apartments from a Manhattan developer and failing to
pay income taxes on rent from a villa in the Dominican Republic, among other
charges.

But two parties with direct knowledge of the investigation said Friday's hearing
on the new inquiry into Ms. Waters - led by the former federal prosecutor Billy
Martin -- has concluded without a recommendation that Ms. Waters be sanctioned
by the House for wrongdoing. The report could still include findings that she
acted inappropriately or unwisely, without recommending that she be sanctioned.
The hearing Friday would give Ms. Waters a chance to respond to such allegations
in a public way.

Ms. Waters has long defended her actions in late 2008, when she said she merely
called then Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. and requested a meeting on
behalf of an organization of minority-owned banks. During the first inquiry,
House investigators suggested there was evidence of wrong-doing, as her meeting
ended up focusing largely on a single bank - OneUnited, a minority-owned
institution that her husband had served on the board of and at the time still
owned stock in. OneUnited ultimately received bailout funds from Treasury.

The hearing Friday could mean an end to the ethics cloud Ms. Waters has been
under since 2009, when the allegations about the meeting she requested with the
Treasury Department were first reported in The New York Times and The Wall
Street Journal.

An ethics committee spokesman on Thursday declined to comment on the matter. A
spokesman for Ms. Waters said he could not discuss the details of Friday's
hearing.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://thecaucus.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/09/20/waters-ethics-investigation-will-n
ot-result-in-formal-charges/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Representative Maxine Waters, Democrat of California, was
accused of setting up a meeting in late 2008 with top Treasury officials on
behalf of a bank in which her husband owned shares. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEPHEN
CROWLEY/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Rural/Metro defends response to tip that two EMTs set fires;
Company says its investigation stalled; notified later, fire marshals arrest two

BYLINE: By Dan Herbeck and Matthew Spina - NEWS STAFF REPORTERS

SECTION: NEWS; BUFFALO NEWS EXCLUSIVE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1313 words


Rural/Metro's top people in Western New York say they encourage employees to
report wrongdoing to company managers -- not newspaper reporters.

But a Rural/Metro employee remembers an episode from 2009, when those on the
front lines reported to managers possible criminal wrongdoing -- arson -- by two
emergency medical technicians within their ranks.

Then they heard only silence from above.

Company managers say they promptly investigated but didn't feel they had to tell
their tipsters that the internal inquiry had stalled when the targets denied
wrongdoing.

"We investigated this thoroughly," said John M. Rusinski, the company's risk
manager, who also is a volunteer firefighter in West Seneca and who recently
joined the Town Board. "It was a he-said, she-said. We did our due diligence,"
he insisted.

Rusinski said he called the Buffalo Fire Department on May 18, 2009, to make
officials there aware of the suspicions and his inconclusive findings.

But by that date, the Buffalo Fire Marshal's Office already had begun its own
investigation after receiving a tip about the Rural/Metro EMTs from another
Rural/Metro ambulance worker, according to the man who headed the office at the
time, now-retired Lt. Salvatore Colangelo.

Colangelo said he doesn't recall any Rural/Metro manager contacting the
department.

"No one from Rural/Metro management ever gave us a call as far as I can
remember," Colangelo recently told The Buffalo News during the latest of three
interviews on the subject.

Colangelo said he wishes Rural/Metro managers had alerted fire marshals
immediately after receiving the allegations, rather than conducting their own
inquiry first.

The News called Colangelo as it examined the assertions of current and former
Rural/Metro employees speaking out about the company in Western New York.

Rural/Metro's top officials dismiss those employees' assertions as baseless
complaints from disgruntled workers, who, they said, should report suspected
wrongdoing to managers, not reporters.

But in the matter of the two suspected arsonists, some employees apparently
tried that and came away dissatisfied.

Colangelo emphatically recalls that the tip about the Rural/Metro EMTs involved
in arson came not from management but from an ambulance worker frustrated that
-- in his view -- managers had not acted on the suspicions.

"An employee from Rural/Metro contacted one of our investigators and told them
of their concerns about [two employees starting fires]," Colangelo said. "The
employee was concerned that if something was not done to stop it, firefighters
could be injured or killed at one of these fires."

Deputy Fire Commissioner Joseph J. Tomizzi, who now oversees the Fire Marshal's
Office, declined to comment on the Rural/Metro case because he did not work in
the office at the time.

However, a second source who was close to the investigation, a current law
enforcement official who spoke to The News on condition of anonymity, called
Colangelo's recollection accurate.

" 'I think there are two of our guys who are doing these fires,' " the law
enforcement official quoted the Rural/Metro worker as saying. " 'We told our
management. They don't want to hear it.' "

The employee was one of a few Rural/Metro workers eager to tell fire
investigators what they knew about the threat to public safety and to the
firefighters who were called to douse flames in the derelict structures being
torched.

Rural/Metro workers suspected EMTs Jonathan R. Safe and Lyndsey Sgro, crew
members on a Rural/Metro ambulance. Both were eventually arrested and convicted
of arson crimes. Among the clues that made co-workers suspicious: text messages
from one or both hinting at their involvement in fires -- while on duty.

To further complicate matters, Sgro was living with a Rural/Metro supervisor,
Michael Arquette. He posted her bail, and the court records indicate they shared
the same Cheektowaga address.

Rural/Metro management did cooperate with the fire marshals' probe, said
Colangelo and the current law enforcement official who was close to the case.

But did the company drag its feet at first?

There had been a rash of fires in vacant buildings in the months leading up to
May 2009. Fire marshals, after their probe, suspected Safe and Sgro could have
been involved in more arsons than the two in which they were charged, Colangelo
and the law enforcement official said.

An EMT told The News that Rural/Metro managers had reason to begin their inquiry
much earlier than they did, in May 2009. He recalled that the first suspicions
were brought to lower-level supervisory personnel in February or March of that
year.

"We tried everything to do it in-house and deal with it, and nothing was done,"
said the EMT, who asked to remain unidentified in this article to avoid
retaliation from superiors. "So we finally decided that we had to go to the
authorities."

Rusinski, however, says something was done. He said it took the company just six
days to investigate: from May 12, 2009 -- the date of a fire reported by Sgro
and Safe -- to May 18, when Rusinski said he provided his findings to the Fire
Department.

"We requested and received 11 narrative reports and personally interviewed nine
individuals regarding this alleged incident," Rusinski wrote in his summary at
the time.

" Both crew members adamantly deny any involvement in the fire," he continued.
"The crew that brought the allegation forward stands by their assertion. Based
on the aforesaid, the investigation is considered unsubstantiated."

Other than a copy of the one-paragraph summary, Rural/Metro management declined
to provide any other documentation to The News about their inquiry. They also
won't say whom they contacted at the Buffalo Fire Department.

On June 26 of that year, fire marshals and agents with the U.S. Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives arrested Safe, then 20, of Iris
Avenue, and Sgro, 21, of Edgebrook Estates, Cheektowaga.

They were charged with arson, reckless endangerment, criminal mischief and
burglary. Fire marshals that day also executed a search warrant in Rural/Metro's
offices on William L. Gaiter Parkway, where they seized two computers.

"We were surprised when other authorities came to our offices," said Jay Smith,
who was Rural/Metro's local spokesman at the time and now holds the title of
general manager for the Western New York division. " Because we had been
cooperating and, we think, forthcoming with the information."

Sgro, who was pregnant at the time of her sentencing, was put on probation for
five years after pleading guilty to felony attempted arson.

Safe, who was a volunteer with the Vigilant Fire Department in West Seneca,
admitted to starting a fire that caused $9,000 damage to a vacant, seven-story
apartment house on Glenny Drive, near Erie County Medical Center, on May 3,
2009.

He also admitted starting a fire that caused $45,000 damage to a vacant house on
Howard Street nine days after the Glenny Drive fire -- May 12, 2009, the day
Rural/Metro began its inquiry. Safe began serving one to three years in state
prison in February 2010.

Sgro isn't talking about how her crime was uncovered, if she knows. She would
not talk to a reporter about her arrest.

But to Jonathan Safe, Rural/Metro's internal inquiry does not register as a
factor in his arrest.

"How were you discovered?" he was asked during his first parole hearing in
November 2010.

"I have no idea. They picked us up one day after work and brought us downtown,"
he answered.

Colangelo said he knows little about Rural/Metro's internal probe.

"I don't know what the time frame was on their internal investigation,"
Colangelo said of Rural/Metro's managers. "But I would have preferred that they
had contacted us right away after getting this information. Obviously, their
internal investigation was flawed, because it didn't amount to anything."

email: dherbeck@buffnews.com and mspina@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Part 2 (of 2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             March 18, 2007 Sunday

Hollinger media empire unravels

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 967  words


At the Hollinger group's peak in the mid-1990s, Conrad Black controlled one of
the world's biggest newspaper empires, including London's Daily Telegraph,
Jerusalem Post, Chicago Sun-Times and dozens of Canadian and American
publications.

But even before Black's fall from power in late 2003 and early 2004, amid a
financial scandal that resulted in his criminal trial in Chicago - which begins
opening statements tomorrow - Hollinger was selling many of the papers acquired
in a buying spree throughout the 1990s.

Most notable from a Canadian prespective was Black's decision to sell most of
Hollinger's biggest papers here - and half of the National Post - to Winnipeg's
CanWest Global Communications Inc. about six years ago. The Daily News was also
part of the deal.

Richard Siklos, author of Shades of Black, says the Canadian-born businessman
has argued that he had already recognized the newspaper business was
"challenged" and was quietly "trying to get out of most of Hollinger's
interests, starting with the Canadian newspapers in 2001.

"I'm not saying you have to take that at face value," Siklos said.

"It just so happens that if you accept that, he turns out to be somewhat right.
Some of the things going on in the United States, in particular, have showed
it's tough times for newspapers around the world."

Financial wrongdoing

However, even with the CanWest sales and smaller divestitures, Black still
retained control of a major newspaper business in November 2003 when the first
of the public accusations of financial wrongdoing were levelled at him by a
special committee of directors at Hollinger International, his Chicago-based
operating company.

In the intervening years, however, the Telegraph and Jerusalem Post have been
sold to different buyers as have smaller Canadian newspapers, including the
Sherbrooke Record, that remained in the Hollinger group after the CanWest deal.

All of the many companies that Black once controlled - including Ravelston
Corp., Argus Corp. and Hollinger Inc., all based in Toronto - are now run by
outsiders.

In addition, real-estate such as Black's landmark former headquarters at 10
Toronto St., works of art that adorned Hollinger offices, luxury items including
a vintage Rolls Royce and other assets held by various Black companies, have
been sold for cash.

"As far as the empire goes, I guess it has been pretty much scattered to the
wind with the exception of the Sun-Times," Siklos says.

The Chicago Sun-Times, the No. 2 paper in the third-biggest city in the United
States, is the flagship of the former Hollinger International, now called Sun
Times Media Corp.

As with most, if not all, of the major daily newspapers in the United States,
the Sun-Times has been hurt by declining advertising and circulation revenues
from the rise of Internet and digital media.

For the first nine months of 2006, according to the most recently available
report, Sun-Times lost nearly $26US million and saw its revenues decline nine
per cent compared to the previous year to $308US.9 million.

"That company is in sad shape," says Porter Bibb, managing partner of Mediatech
Capital Partners in New York.

He notes Sun-Times has scheduled an investors day for April 4 to disclose its
business plan for 2007-08.

"I would call it more of a survival plan than a business plan," Bibb says.

Sun-Times Media's biggest asset, in Bibb's opinion, is nearly $1- billion worth
of losses on its books, which would be of interest to private equity investors
who, with a little deft accounting, could shelter profits from other media
holdings.

"There are constraints and probably the IRS would fight any attempt to use the
billion-dollar tax loss," Bibb says, adding that "there are smarter accountants
on the side of private equity than there are at the IRS."

Bibb also counts more than 100 small community papers in the Chicago area as
potentially valuable, but he doesn't consider the better-known Sun-Times itself
as a major asset.

"Conventional wisdom here is that newspapers are yesterday's news. They're a
mature industry that have no chance of ever recovering and they've been
steamrollered by the digital revolution and the Internet," says Bibb, whose firm
specializes in investing in media companies.

"Whether you're the Tribune Co., Washington Post or the New York Times, you're
in dire straits right now. At least from the investor community perspective."

Chief asset

Sun-Times shares, which remain the chief asset of the Hollinger group, have also
declined to $5US.11 a share on the New York Stock Exchange, down from $8US.60
last March and about $20US in April 2004 when the whole company was on the
auction block.

London's Daily Telegraph, which was acquired by Black in the mid- 1980s and
restored to profitability, was sold in 2004 over Black's protests for about
$1US.2 billion.

Some of that money flowed to Hollinger International's shareholders, including
Hollinger Inc., which was forced to put its shares into escrow pending the
outcome of numerous lawsuits.

Without the Telegraph, and given the losses at its Chicago daily, Sun-Times
Media has suspended dividend payments to shareholders, including Hollinger Inc.,
which owns 19.7 per cent of the U.S. company.

Hollinger Inc. said recently that its own future is in doubt.

The Toronto company showed a loss of $22.7 million in the October- December
quarter. What's more, there are $245.6 million of liabilties on its books - and
assets valued at just $172.2 million as of Dec. 31.

"The corporation's ability to continue as a going concern is uncertain,"
Hollinger has said.

Siklos has actually written two books on Black and Hollinger - one when the
company was the fastest-growing newspaper operator in the world and one after
Black's downfall.

"The second book," he says, "was motivated entirely by my own personal
astoundment."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ALL IN THE FAMILY: Conrad Black, alongside his wife Barbara Amiel Black
and his daughter Alana, arrive at the federal district court in Chicago, Ill.,
on Thursday for the second day of jury selection in his court case on fraud
charges. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                 January 16, 2003 Thursday CITY-D-EAST EDITION

City schools will hire an inspector general;
Schools chief Paul G. Vallas said the move would battle fraud and contract
breaches.

BYLINE: By Susan Snyder; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 644 words


In a drive for more efficient and effective operation, the Philadelphia School
District plans to take two new steps: Hire an inspector general to investigate
suspected wrongdoing in the schools, and file suit in court against companies or
individuals who fail to fulfill contracts.

The inspector general will investigate fraud in such areas as workers'
compensation, payroll, testing, and any other worthy problem that is brought to
his or her attention, said Paul G. Vallas, the district's chief executive.

He said a former FBI agent and a former assistant U.S. Attorney were among the
candidates but did not offer any names.

"The principle objective of the inspector general is to root out wrongdoing,"
said Vallas, who outlined the plans after yesterday's School Reform Commission
meeting.

Such a step is not unusual. The public school districts in New York, Chicago
and, most recently, Miami-Dade County have also opened investigative offices.

Vallas, a former Chicago public schools chief who took over in Philadelphia in
July, said he was not making the hire because of specific concerns.

"It's a good government tool," he said, adding that it would serve as a
deterrent for wrongdoing. "There's no limitation [as to what can be
investigated]. A lot of times you get an anonymous call or a letter."

Vallas has expressed concern about workers' compensation costs in the past and
said the district would more aggressively investigate claims.

As for the legal crackdown, it has already begun. The district this week filed a
lawsuit in Common Pleas Court against AET Environmental Inc.'s Bensalem office,
alleging breach of contract concerning hazardous materials work and seeking more
than $50,000.

An official at AET said yesterday that the company had filed its own suit, which
contended the school district had not followed proper procedures in dealing with
hazardous materials.

"The problem is there are a lot of people who... fail to fulfill contracts,"
Vallas said. "We're not just going to wait to be sued. We're going to file suits
of our own. We're going to start suing back."

The district has set a $150,000 spending cap on each suit. Wendy Beetlestone,
the district's new chief counsel, said that while the district would hire
outside representation to conduct such legal work at first, she hoped to
eventually perform the work in-house.

She noted that the job was an important one. "We're dealing with public money
and we have to make sure it's appropriately used."

Vallas said the action was needed as the district embarks on a $1.5 billion
capital plan to build schools and renovate others. "We want to make sure the
contracts are upheld," he said.

During the commission meeting:

The members granted five-year extensions to three charter schools that are
planning expansions - Mathematics, Civics and Sciences Charter School; Freire
Charter School; and the Philadelphia Academy Charter School. "In order to get
the funding [for the projects], they need a guarantee of a five-year plan," said
Ellen Savitz, deputy chief academic officer. She said the schools had met the
requirements for contract extension.

The commission was asked to make parents aware that they can sign a waiver
prohibiting their children's high school contact information from being turned
over to military recruiters. The federal No Child Left Behind law requires
providing the data. "There is a feeling among many in the Philadelphia community
that at a time when this country faces an impending war, the military will use
this unfettered access to poor minority children to recruit their front-line
soldiers," said Aldustus Jordan of Philadelphia Citizens for Children and Youth.

Vallas agreed to take action to make parents aware of the waiver provision.

Contact staff writer Susan Snyder at 215-854-4693 or ssnyder@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

St. Jude pays $3.7M in kickback settlement;
A former manager raised concerns about the ethics of the company's sales
practices.

BYLINE: WENDY LEE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 551 words


St. Jude Medical Inc. has paid about $3.7 million to settle allegations that it
gave illegal kickbacks to hospitals to get them to buy more heart devices, the
government said Friday.

The Justice Department, along with other government offices, investigated the
Little Canada company after a former regional sales manager alleged his job was
wrongfully terminated after he brought up concerns about the ethics of sales
tactics.

Among his allegations was that St. Jude, a top medical devicemaker, offered
research incentives and illegal rebates to get physicians and hospitals to buy
or use its products. The former manager sued the company in 2006 under a
whistleblower law that enables individuals to file suits on behalf of the
government and share in any recovered damages.

The alleged kickbacks included "retroactive" payments that hospitals in Ohio and
Kentucky received based on past purchases, as well as rebates St. Jude paid on
purchases of competitors' products to induce customers to buy similar equipment
from St. Jude in the future, according to the Justice Department.

"Hospitals should base their purchasing decisions on what is in the best
interests of their patients," Assistant Attorney General Tony West said. "We
will act aggressively to ensure that choices about health care are not tainted
by illegal kickbacks."

No wrongdoing admitted

St. Jude said Friday that the settlement does not admit liability or wrongdoing
by the company.

"The allegations centered on small, isolated product rebates that the company
paid more than five years ago," the company said in a statement. "The company
entered into a settlement agreement in order to avoid the potential costs and
risks associated with litigation."

While St. Jude operates in a number of areas, some devices brought up in the
lawsuit fall under its cardiac rhythm management business, which brings in about
60 percent of the company's overall sales. Last year St. Jude reported $4.7
billion in revenue.

Two hospitals involved in the lawsuit also agreed to pay a monetary settlement.
Parma Community General Hospital in Parma, Ohio, will pay $40,000 and Norton
Healthcare in Louisville, Ky., will pay $133,300, the Justice Department said.

The allegations were initially raised by whistleblower Jerry Hudson, a former
Ohio-based regional sales manager for St. Jude. Hudson will receive $640,050 of
the settlement.

Among several allegations, Hudson's lawsuit said St. Jude Medical offered Parma
Community General Hospital a rebate on a product purchase if the items were
implanted within 60 days of receipt and the hospital committed to putting in
another order before the end of the quarter.

A statement from Parma Community Hospital said on Friday that it believed it was
in compliance with all federal regulations and never knowingly violated any law
or regulation.

"Patient safety comes first at Parma Community General Hospital," the statement
said. "Patient safety is at the forefront of any purchase, and the medical
devices purchased through St. Jude never compromised that standard."

The investigation was conducted by the Justice Department's civil division, the
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio, the Office of
Inspector General at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the
FBI.

Wendy Lee - 612-673-1712

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday

Court rules against federal judge

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words



 Related: Read past stories on the FBI investigation.

EL PASO -- U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo had no right to keep three men
implicated in the public corruption investigation from hiring whomever they
wanted as a lawyer because the men have never appeared before the judge, a court
ruling that became public Thursday states.

The U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that Montalvo did not have
the jurisdiction to keep El Paso lawyer Mary Stillinger from representing
Charles Roark, Milton "Mickey" Duntley and Ernie Lopez.

"I am pleased with the court's ruling," Stillinger said. "In a way, the court's
opinion vindicates our position."

Last year, the U.S. attorney's office filed a motion asking Montalvo to
disqualify Stillinger from representing the three men because they had been
identified as targets of the FBI's public corruption investigation.

Montalvo approved the motion and Stillinger appealed, claiming that the men had
a right to hire whomever they wanted because they had not been charged with any
wrongdoing.

The three have not been arrested, indicted or charged with any wrongdoing.

In agreeing with Stillinger, the appeals court, in New Orleans, wrote, the
"Appellants have not been charged with a crime, nor have grand jury proceedings
been initiated against them, nor have they been called to appear as grand-jury
witnesses. Stillinger's alleged potential conflict of interest existed only in
the context of an ongoing criminal investigation monitored and supervised by the
FBI, which is independent and separate from any proceeding occurring before the
district court."

U.S. attorney's office officials would not comment on the ruling and would not
say whether they would ask for a new hearing or appeal to the U.S. Supreme
Court.

Also on Thursday, Montalvo ordered the U.S. attorney's office to respond by
Sept. 5 to a motion filed by the Texas Civil Rights Association, which is asking
the judge to unseal most of the documents in the public corruption case.

The motion was filed this week by the civil-rights association on behalf of El
Paso Media Group.

The group is asking for all court hearings in the case to be made public and all
the files involving the nine people who have pleaded guilty in the case to
become public.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: No crimes, but questions remain

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 609 words


Feb. 10--Just like that, the uncertainty of more than two years of waiting is
over.

Attorney General Hector Balderas has cleared 10 behavioral health service
providers of criminal wrongdoing. Mistakes were made in billing, but the AG says
there does not appear "to be a pattern of fraud for any of the 10 completed
investigations." Three other companies already had been cleared by the attorney
general's office, leaving two still being investigated.

No one -- from the 13 cleared, anyway -- will be charged, put on trial or end up
in jail, despite claims in 2013 audit that 15 behavioral health providers were
up to no good. Gov. Susana Martinez's administrators said that "credible
allegations of fraud" they claimed were in an audit meant they had to shut off
Medicaid funds. That abrupt decision essentially put companies out of business
and people out of jobs.

Even worse, the system of providing care to some of the most fragile New
Mexicans -- people coping with mental health problems or drug abuse -- was
shredded. It remains incapacitated today.

The 2013 shake-up remains unexplained. Now, with the findings that there was no
criminal wrongdoing, it appears even more inexplicable.

In June 2013, a Public Consulting Group audit alleged that the 15 companies had
overbilled Medicaid by some $34 million over a period in which the state paid 15
providers more than $250 million for 2.3 million Medicaid claims. Of those, 531
questionable claims worth $42,500 in payments were flagged. By extrapolation,
auditors estimated some $34 million in overbilling during the audit period.
Agencies never had the opportunity to defend themselves.

Citing fraud, Martinez suspended the companies. Then, five Arizona providers
were brought in and paid $17.8 million to take over caseloads; not all are
sticking around, saying it's too hard to make money in New Mexico. Those
millions came on top of the $3 million paid to a Boston-based group to audit the
providers' books for contractor OptumHealth -- the company charged with
overseeing Medicaid behavioral health services in New Mexico.

Now, after all the commotion, nothing.

It's hard to hear this news and not become angry.

State lawmakers need to push the Martinez administration for answers. Attorney
General Balderas -- who deserves credit for moving quickly to investigate once
in office -- must demand further explanation. U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham
is vowing to ask for a federal investigation. Patients whose service was
disrupted, people who lost jobs and taxpayers in general deserve to know what
happened.

Vague allegations of fraud -- exposed now for empty words -- are not enough.

As Grisham said: "New Mexico's attorney general has come to the conclusion about
most of the state's behavioral health providers that many of us suspected all
along: no pattern of fraud. Yet, nobody in state government has been held
accountable for the unconscionable decision to shut these providers down and
turn our behavioral health system upside down."

No investigation can give people back their jobs, revive businesses or restore
reputations. An inquiry won't help the thousands of patients whose service was
disrupted or lost.

Still, people in authority -- lawmakers, the attorney general, our Congressional
delegation -- now have the responsibility to find out more about why New
Mexico's system of providing behavioral health care was smashed. Balderas'
findings have ended one phase of this continuing story. More remains to be
discovered.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160210-SF-EDITORIAL-No-crimes-but-questions-remain-0210-20160210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Deal to Let Flock Return to Pr. George's Church

BYLINE: Paul Schwartzman and Hamil R. Harris, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 894 words


Pastor C. Anthony Muse and his flock broke from the United Methodist Church
after a bitter dispute more than two years ago, angering church officials who
were left with nearly $ 6 million in debts incurred in the construction of a new
sanctuary.

Now Muse and his 4,000 congregants are poised to return to the Brandywine
property, supplanting what remains of his former congregation,
Gibbons-Resurrection United Methodist Church, which will disband at month's end
after 118 years.

Gibbons-Resurrection lost the property to creditors last fall after it was
unable to pay the debt accumulated during Muse's tenure. The creditors have
given preliminary approval to an offer of $ 3.2 million from Muse's
congregation, Ark of Safety Christian Church, and the pastor plans to return in
August.

The tentative deal comes at a critical time for Muse, who is running for Prince
George's County executive in a field of five Democrats. The agreement renews
focus on a lawsuit that grew out of Muse's split with his former church, which
accused the pastor and his allies of financial impropriety and taking assets.

The lawsuit was settled last month when both parties agreed that there was "no
finding of wrongdoing and no admission of wrongdoing by Ark of Safety, Rev.
Muse, or anyone else," according to a copy of the confidential agreement.

Yet bitterness persists. Muse's expected return to Brandywine has provoked
criticism from Methodist officials and members of his former congregation, who
say he is benefiting from financial problems he helped create.

"It's sort of galling," said James Knowles-Tuell, chief financial officer of the
Baltimore-Washington Conference of the United Methodist Church. "Tony's leaving
and taking 80 to 85 percent of the congregation took a situation that was in
trouble and made it unmanageable. In essence, he and the congregation are
reaping the benefits of the disaster by being able to buy the building at less
than if they had just stayed and tried to pay it off."

Muse said a long-standing dispute over finances and theology forced him to split
with the United Methodists and open the independent Ark of Safety church in an
Oxon Hill shopping center.

Muse also said the United Methodist Church, a denomination with congregations
across the country, had the resources to buy the property.

Ark of Safety will invite congregants from Gibbons-Resurrection to continue to
hold services at the church, he said. "The unchristian thing would be to say,
'Get out,' " the pastor said.

But the Rev. Rodney Smothers, Gibbons-Resurrection's pastor, said Muse's offer
is meaningless because the congregation's financial problems are forcing it to
shut down June 30.

Muse, he said, could have spared Gibbons-Resurrection's congregants from losing
their church by not seeking to purchase the property.

"If he really did not want to harm the people, he wouldn't have competed against
us," Smothers said.

The church, nestled in Brandywine's woods and originally known as Gibbons United
Methodist, dates to 1884, when it was founded by former slaves.

Muse was assigned there in 1984 and transformed it into the fastest-growing
United Methodist church in the country. Muse, who changed the name of the church
to Resurrection Prayer Worship Center, began fighting with the United Methodists
after a project to build a 1,200-seat sanctuary was beset by problems, including
cost overruns.

United Methodist officials say they provided $ 1.2 million in grants, loans and
collateral for the project. Muse left the congregation after the United
Methodists, citing church policy, declined to co-sign a $ 600,000 bank loan that
was needed to complete the building.

With help from the United Methodists, Gibbons-Resurrection reduced the debt to
less than $ 5 million. But the parish remained far behind, and last fall,
Colonial Trust Co., representing bondholders who raised money for the
construction project, initiated foreclosure proceedings.

Gibbons-Resurrection subsequently offered $ 2.75 million for the property, which
was rejected. Ark of Safety's bid of $ 3.2 million was accepted by Colonial
Trust, which awaits a vote by its bondholders, said Jerry Morgan, an attorney
for the company.

The rift between Muse and the United Methodists also played out in court. In a
lawsuit filed in 2000, the United Methodists alleged that Muse and his allies
had taken thousands of dollars worth of assets and erased computer files.

As part of a settlement signed May 30, Ark of Safety agreed to pay
Gibbons-Resurrection $ 13,210, including about $ 8,200 that represents half of
the collection raised during Muse's final day of services in Brandywine.

Attorneys for both sides said the agreement bars them from commenting.

The past two years have been difficult for Gibbons-Resurrection's 300
parishioners, but they were not prepared for news that their congregation would
hold its final service June 30.

Rod Holmes, a Gibbons-Resurrection parishioner, said it was particularly painful
that Muse would return to the property.

"It's a slap in the face to abuse us like that," Holmes said. "We have done so
much in good faith to purchase the church and to be good stewards of the
church."

Muse said the parishioners' sentiments are a natural result of a painful rift.

"Emotions are high, and they should be when there are church splits," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1334 words


Biomass energy isn t an idea for  cavemen

Editor of the Reformer:

In his impassioned condemnation of wood-to-energy (biomass) solutions, "Only
cavemen burn wood," in Saturday s Reformer, Chris Matera glosses over an
extremely important distinction.

On one hand, he rightly questions large-scale (25 to 50 megawatts or more),
purely electric biomass generating stations as inefficient and excessive. We
agree. There are currently at least four large plants of this type in the
planning stages in Massachusetts, and because of the way many states set
incentives for renewable energy production, more may be on the way.

These plants operate at an unacceptably low level of around 30 percent
efficiency, and if enough were built, they could indeed result in the "forest
devastation" Matera predicts.

On the other hand, aside from a brief reference to the new biomass plant at
Middlebury College, Matera pays no attention to smaller-scale combined heat and
power (CHP) plants that burn wood to generate electricity and produce usable
heat for buildings. They are "biomass plants," too, but of a profoundly
different kind.

As northern Europe has known for decades, such plants provide a highly
efficient, clean way of heating towns, campuses and suburbs by distributing heat
through an underground network of superinsulated pipes. Replacing the individual
oil, gas, and wood furnaces of their customers, they provide heating and
electricity at up to 90 percent total efficiency using renewable energy sources.

Combined with aggressive efforts to conserve energy, improve building and
appliance efficiency, keep forestry operations within sustainable yields and
make use of energy crops from marginal land, appropriately scaled biomass CHP
district energy systems are an essential part of a sustainable future.

In Vermont, community-based groups (not private investors) are pursuing such
systems in Burlington, Montpelier, Middlebury, Randolph and Brattleboro. The
energy futures of these communities will be greatly improved when our biomass
CHP projects come online, and Matera is not doing the Vermont public any service
by painting large-scale, commercial electric-only biomass plants and smaller,
community-driven CHP biomass plants with the same brush. They are completely
different technologies, built for completely different purposes.

Matera also is incorrect in portraying wood biomass as similar to -- or even
worse than -- coal, relative to global warming. If forests are managed
sustainably (that is, if new trees replace those that are selectively cut), wood
burning is carbon-neutral, because the growing trees sequester more carbon than
is released by burning the harvested wood.

The BTU project in Brattleboro has been highly focused on the resource base we
want to draw from since day one. We would not be pursuing biomass CHP for this
area were that not the case.

Michael Bosworth,

Paul Cameron, Ralph Meima

and Alex Wilson, Brattleboro

Thermal Utility, Sept. 22

N.Y. Times misquoted, and other inaccuracies

Editor of the Reformer:

In a recent letter to the editor concerning the recent union decertification
election at HCRS, Lew Friedman, a former union official and currently a public
relations consultant for Corporate Campaigns, Inc., misquoted a New York Times
article in an effort to vilify our law firm, Jackson Lewis LLP, and by
association our client, HCRS.

Specifically, Mr. Friedman incorrectly attributed to the law firm the alleged
wrongdoing of one of its clients, Enersys, during a 2004 labor dispute in South
Carolina.

In a Dec. 14, 2004 article, the Times reported that Enersys had entered into a
$7.75 million settlement "after federal officials had charged it with 120 labor
law violations in its seven-year campaign effort to eliminate the Union." It
reported that "federal labor officials accused the company of firing the top
seven union leaders, spying on workers, refusing to bargain and ultimately
closing the plant to retaliate against the union."

The Times further stated with respect to Enersys: "Its $7.75 million settlement
is evidence of how far the company strayed from the law."

When quoting and paraphrasing the 2004 article by the Times, Mr. Friedman
substituted the name of our law firm, Jackson Lewis, in place of its client,
Enersys, to misrepresent that the law firm had entered into the $7.75 million
settlement on its own behalf and had orchestrated or engaged in the alleged
labor law violations with which its client had been charged.

Federal officials never charged Jackson Lewis with any wrongdoing. Federal
officials did not name Jackson Lewis as a defendant. Furthermore, Jackson Lewis
was never a party to the reported $7.75 million settlement.

Every person and organization has a right to counsel -- even those charged with
wrongdoing. It is clear that when a lawyer is retained to defend a client
charged with wrongdoing the alleged wrongdoing is not attributed to the lawyer.
Mr. Friedman has used the good name of The New York Times to lend apparent
credibility to his distortions.

Jackson Lewis  practice is to help employers comply with federal and state
employment laws and its practice is to counsel employers to avoid workplace
disputes by simply doing the right thing by their employees.

What Mr. Friedman fails to mention in his letter is that the union
decertification election at HCRS was initiated by union members who filed their
own petition with the National Labor Relations Board s regional office in
Boston.

By all accounts, their discontent was caused by the fact that the union
protracted its recent contract negotiations and ultimately settled on a package
that was less than the agency was already providing the majority its employees
who are non-union. Contrary to Mr. Friedman s suggestion, HCRS was never accused
of any wrongdoing in this matter.

Roger P. Gilson,

Attorney at Law,

Jackson Lewis LLP,

Stamford, Conn., Sept. 15

In defense of FairPoint

Editor of the Reformer:

In all the criticisms of FairPoint in the Letter Box, I have seen no mention of
the fact that Verizon summarily dumped Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine as not
worth its time financially, and FairPoint stepped in to rescue us.

Neither have I noticed a line of providers willing and able to cover this
territory.

Let s give FairPoint time to recover from taking us on at the same time the
economy crashed around all of us. A little leeway and a lot of gratitude is in
order here.

Judith Emerson,

Whitingham, Sept. 18

Dismissal of Taser suit was a victory for taxpayers

Editor of the Reformer:

The taser suit dismissed by the federal court against members of the Brattleboro
Police is a victory for the hard working members of the department and the
honest working citizens and taxpayers in our community.

The photographs of Jonathan Crowell two years ago which appears that he is
smiling after having been Tasered, arrested and being removed from the scene on
the Putney Road was evidence to anyone with common sense that he had ulterior
motives behind his criminal behaviors of trespassing on someone else s property.

Why was he smiling? Did he know he had the public s eye on him? It became more
evident after his arrest and an accounting in the Reformer of his past record of
being a demonstrator on other occasions and in other cities, also having been
Tasered in the past, and also having brought suites against other cities that
there is possibly evidence of a pattern of suing people for profit and not
because he is trying to affect social change through political activism.

To those who find Crowell and fellow protester Samantha Killmurray s behavior
acceptable, I ask you this. How would you feel if someone was illegally
trespassing on your private property and when the police initially asks you to
remove yourself in a polite and professional manner and you don t?

Well, what follows is law enforcement being practiced and the rule of law
ultimately being upheld by the federal court.

This is exactly what the true residents of Brattleboro expect.

John Lowery,

Brattleboro, Sept. 17

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 23, 2007 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

The politics of patronage

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 413 words


Former U.S. Attorney Harry E. "Bud" Cummins III has made it clear, once and for
all, that last year's federal investigation into the Missouri fee office
operation (a) never targeted Missouri Gov. Matt Blunt and (b) came to a "very
competent conclusion that there was no evidence to support the allegations" of
wrongdoing against others involved in the fee office operation.

Mr. Cummins, the former federal prosecutor in Little Rock, Ark., headed the
investigation when the two U.S. attorneys in Missouri recused themselves for
conflicts of interest. Although Mr. Cummins announced last October that the
Missouri investigation had been closed with no wrongdoing found, the issue got
new legs when Mr. Cummins complained of political interference by the Bush
administration in the firing of some of his colleagues.

Mr. Cummins was replaced by an associate of presidental advisor Karl Rove. Mr.
Cummins criticized the White House for suggesting that the dismissals of eight
U.S. attorneys had been prompted by poor performance, rather than politics.

In an interview with the Los Angeles Times last week, Mr. Cummins appeared to
have suggested to a reporter that the Missouri investigation might have played a
part in his losing his job. Over the weekend, however, he told Post-Dispatch
reporter Jo Mannies that the L.A. Times had misconstrued his remarks, that Mr.
Blunt was not a target, that he doubts the investigation led to his dismissal
and that the Blunt administration was in the clear.

This is a relief. The fee offices have long been an embarrassment to Missouri.
Every time a new governor is elected, the fee offices are parceled out to
political pals and cronies; to the victor belong the spoils. In big urban areas,
the selling of state vehicle and drivers licenses can yield six-figure incomes.
However questionable the process of awarding these contracts is, it's legal.

Unlike previous administrations, Mr. Blunt's staff took the extra step of
creating management firms to oversee fee offices for their friends, thus adding
an extra layer of patronage goodies. Mr. Blunt also closed the state-run license
offices, meaning less competition and more customers for the private
franchisees.

Now that the air has been cleared, and before the next election, the Legislature
should put an end to this system that is an affront to good government. License
fee offices should be granted to not-for-profit corporations or local
governments, not to political cronies as money-makers.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  OUR VIEW  |  MISSOURI FEE OFFICES OPINION

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 13, 2001 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CREDIT SUISSE BANK GETS NEW CEO MANAGEMENT SHAKE-UP COMES ON HEELS OF IPO
WRONGDOING PROBES

BYLINE: DEBORAH LOHSE, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 939 words


Former Morgan Stanley Dean Witter President John Mack has replaced Allen Wheat
as chief executive of Credit Suisse First Boston, at a time when the investment
bank is battling allegations that it engaged in improper practices during the
IPO boom.

The company said the changes weren't in response to the allegations, which have
come amid federal and industry probes into possibly widespread abuses in the
allocation of hot initial public offering shares. Instead, the company said it
wanted to snag Mack, 56, who left Morgan Stanley in March after a power struggle
with its chief executive.

Mack is expected to slash costs and integrate asset management with investment
banking, said Lukas Muhlemann, chairman of the bank's Zurich-based parent,
Credit Suisse Group. Many also expect him to curtail the autonomy Credit Suisse
-- unlike many other banks -- has given to key rainmakers like Frank Quattrone,
the hotshot head of tech investment banking in Palo Alto.

Quattrone's team, recruited by Wheat in 1998, has been in the spotlight under
the probes, in which regulators suspect some brokers across Wall
Streetimproperly extracted extra-large commissions or other payments from
investors in return for hot IPO shares.

Brokers fired

While Credit Suisse denied wrongdoing, last month it fired three brokers from
Quattrone's tech group for allegedly violating the firm's internal policies. The
brokers denied wrongdoing and said they were unfairly singled out. The firm also
issued a statement distancing Quattrone from the flap, noting he wasn't
responsible for allocating IPO shares.

But the management changes are all the more dramatic because Quattrone and many
of his team members used to work for Mack at Morgan Stanley. The group left in
1996 after a highly publicized flap in which Morgan Stanley refused to give
Quattrone the money and manpower to build a Silicon Valley tech-banking empire.
After a stop at Deutsche Bank, Quattrone and his team were recruited to Credit
Suisse by Wheat, the ousted chairman.

Wheat could not be reached late Thursday night.

Quattrone did not respond to an e-mail requesting comment. But a person close to
him said Quattrone, who learned about the change late Wednesday night, was
pleased and considered Mack "a superstar."

Still, some of Quattrone's former colleagues said they would expect him to chafe
if forced to report more to corporate headquarters, eroding his team's unique
autonomy. Some said they could also envision Mack one day challenging the
group's claim to 50 percent of certain revenue it generates, under terms secured
by Quattrone in a revolving three-year contract. The contract is valid for at
least one or two more years, according to a source with knowledge of the
situation.

That autonomy is already eroding, however. Until recently, all members of the
technology banking and research team ultimately reported to Quattrone, a setup
he said ensured everyone was on the same page. But critics called the
arrangement fraught with conflicts of interest, including the potential that
researchers -- who are supposed to advise investors -- wouldn't criticize
companies whose business was important to Quattrone.

Credit Suisse recently changed that setup so that Quattrone is not in charge of
anyone in the research and private-client brokerage divisions.

Mack couldn't be reached for comment, but on a conference call Thursday morning
he said it was too soon to predict what will happen to the tech-banking team, or
any other units. On a CNBC interview, he called Quattrone a "first-class banker"
whose work is "right on target." He also added in response to a question that he
believes Quattrone is "clean" in regard to the recent IPO probes.

Other Bay Area investment banking veterans said they didn't see the timing of
the hire as an indication that Mack is being brought in to clean up the place.

"I'd look at this as a great opportunity for Credit Suisse First Boston to
improve its competitive position, and I don't read anything of their problems
into this," said Sanford "Sandy" Robertson, founder of Robertson Stephens and
now a partner with the Francisco Partners buyout fund. "Any firm that would pick
(Mack) up would become even more competitive in the securities markets."

'Mack the knife'

Robertson said Mack's accomplishments -- beyond the cost cutting that earned him
the nickname "Mack the knife" -- include having bolstered Morgan Stanley's sales
and trading operations, a vital distribution source for the firm's IPOs and
other deals. Mack knew that "the power to underwrite a security is your power to
distribute it," said Robertson.

In the conference call Thursday, Mack said he has already set his sights on cost
cutting at Credit Suisse, which still has a lot of overlap after its $12.4
billion acquisition last year of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.

"There is a lot of room for improvement on the expense side," said Mack.

Indeed, some said Wheat's ouster may have less to do with industry probes or
Quattrone than with his championing of the DLJ acquisition. The deal resulted in
a lot of overlap and some lost talent, instead of bringing in new sales channels
as in other bank deals, according to Mark Constant, an analystwith Lehman
Brothers.

Said Constant: "They spent a lot of money and aren't going to end up with a lot
more than they started with."

In another management change, Credit Suisse said Oswald Grubel, the Swiss-based
head of private banking, will retire at the end of the year. Thomas Wellauer,
chief executive of the financial services division, will take on Grubel's duties
as well.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mercury News Staff Writer Tia O'Brien contributed to this article.

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: [no credit listed]
Mack

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 21, 1996 Tuesday

Jett exploited computer glitch: SEC   Former bond trader generated millions in
false profits,   hearing told

BYLINE: BLM

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: New York NY


Bloomberg Business News
  NEW YORK
 Joseph Jett exploited a computer glitch in "a merciless and methodical
fashion" to generate hundreds of millions of dollars of false profits at
Kidder Peabody & Co. Inc., U.S. government attorneys said yesterday.

The statement came as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
opened its case against Mr. Jett, 38, a former government bond trader at
Kidder, in connection with a scandal that helped bring down the firm.

Regulators accused Mr. Jett of creating $350-million (U.S.) in phantom
trading profits and hiding the deception from his supervisors. They want
to ban him from the securities industry for life and to have him surrender
more than $11-million in bonuses.

Mr. Jett denied wrongdoing, and called the administrative law
proceedings, representing the first prosecution against him, a "kangaroo
court."

Separately, Mr. Jett's first supervisor at Kidder, Melvin Mullin,
settled SEC charges against him without admitting or denying wrongdoing.

Mr. Mullin was fined $25,000, suspended from working in the securities
industry for the next three months, and suspended from working as a
supervisor for the three-month period after that, said Emily Gordy, an SEC
enforcement official.

Kidder fired Mr. Jett in April, 1994, for the alleged scheme. General
Electric Co. of Fairfield, Conn., Kidder's parent company, took a $210-
million charge against first-quarter earnings that year to reflect the
alleged false profits.

The scandal, coupled with unrelated bond losses, led GE to sell most of
Kidder to PaineWebber Group Inc. of New York last year. It also prompted
investigations by the SEC and the U.S. District Attorney's office in
Manhattan.

Before the hearing started yesterday, Mr. Jett assailed the
administrative law process that allows an SEC official, rather than a
jury, to decide his case. Although the hearing is taking place in a
federal courtroom in New York, it isn't a court trial.

"I wish there were a formal courtroom setting with a jury," he said. "I
am fearful there will be no fair play."

Mr. Jett said he spent the past two years poring over 400 boxes of
documents that Kidder and GE were required to turn over so he could defend
himself. Mr. Jett, who is black, said the judge would give more
credibility to his white supervisors than to him.

At the hearing before administrative law Judge Carol Fox Foelak, SEC
attorneys laid out Mr. Jett's trading practices. They said that he
manipulated Kidder's flawed computer accounting to his own benefit from
late 1991 until he was fired.

Mr. Jett said the opening arguments were the "Lynch report, essentially
read back." He referred to a report commissioned by GE and prepared by
Gary Lynch, a former SEC enforcement chief, that found Mr. Jett was
responsible.

Mr. Lynch and SEC investigators both found that Mr. Jett exploited
Kidder's computers in his trading of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds. The
computers recognized his trades as profitable even though they weren't
real, their reports said.

Mr. Jett claims his managers knew about his trades and authorized them
to boost their own bonuses and the firm's profits. He said before the
hearing that he was confident he would prevail.

"I am looking forward to returning to the financial world," he said.
"I'm very good at what I do. I am a student of the markets."

Mr. Mullin, who supervised him from mid-1991 to February, 1993, faced
SEC charges that he failed to review Mr. Jett's activities and to examine
the underlying documents when Mr. Jett's recorded profits rocketed to $32-
million in 1992 from $700,000 the year before.

Mr. Mullin, 48, was fired by Kidder in August, 1994, after six years
with the firm. He declined comment on the SEC's charges against him.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            November 23, 2008 Sunday

TOO FAR: SEC vs. Mark Cuban is wrong fight

BYLINE: By GRAHAM MESSNER For Public Opinion

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 625 words


So now the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is going to get tough.

Better late than never, I suppose.

But wait, it's not concentrating its efforts on the debacle called Wall Street
and the incestuous financial orgy that has crippled the world economy.

No, it has its sights set on a $750,000 mamma.com stock sell-off by flamboyant
Dallas Maverick owner Mark Cuban, who has been accused of insider trading and
faces a fine.

I completely understand that wrongdoing is wrongdoing, but can we prioritize a
little here?

Using the recent Penn State riot/celebration after the Ohio State victory as an
example, it's like watching the cops worry with a burning bush while a wild
brawl with gunshots is going on 100 yards away.

If an officer is issuing a citation to a motorist for rolling a stop-sign as two
cars go by at 100 miles an hour in an obvious road-rage incident, should the
policeman continue with the citation or try and stave off a possible fatality?

You get the gist.

Evidently, the investigation into Cuban's matter has been going on for a number
of years, and only now is the matter apparently coming to a head.

One reason for the timing might be because the SEC needs a high-profile victory
and what better way to look like a respectable watchdog than to go after a
high-profile billionaire with a big mouth.

Since the Wall Street meltdown, the SEC looks like a joke book institution that
spent more time gawking around the stands instead of keeping its eye on the ball
and consequently striking out -- big time.

Cuban vehemently denies any wrongdoing and has accused the SEC of "gross
misconduct of prosecutorial discretion" and vowed to prove as much.

We'll see, as Cuban is currently "only" facing a fine (no jail time) of
repayment of the $750,000, plus a possible additional penalty. I say "only"
because the guy has a billion dollars.

Since he has been an NBA owner, Cuban has paid approximately $1.7 million in
fines levied by the NBA for speaking out against poor officiating. That's some
serious disposable digit, but also points to his compulsiveness in regard to an
emotional occurrence. It's also why his bid to buy the Chicago Cubs will likely
fail.

Ironically, Cuban is the majority partner for an excellent, in-depth Web site
called sharesleuth.com, which is an independent Web-based reporting site aimed
at exposing securities fraud and corporate chicanery. In other words, the site
could be viewed as a tool the SEC might utilize in uncovering predators and
harlequins in the stock market world.

Judging by the content on the site, the information should not only be utilized,
but be required reading for SEC investigators.

Then there's Cuban's other new site, bailoutsleuth.com, which states it "will
seek to add transparency to the bailout program, and will keep an eye out for
favoritism, political influence or anything else that could undermine the
potential returns to taxpayers."

Are you starting to wonder if certain people are getting nervous?

Look, if Cuban did something illegal, fine him, but the outcome will not affect
us either way.

But what happened on Wall Street has affected us all, which is why I'd rather
the SEC put this aside for now and concentrate on the big issue. After all, if a
pirate is climbing into your boat with a knife in his mouth, you don't keep
fixing the outboard.

I just don't see the tenacity or expediency being demanded by Congress to
uncover all the massive wrongdoing and ineptitude on Wall Street and in
Washington, D.C. that has led us to the current financial wasteland.

We want names and Cuban isn't one of them.

Things have gone too far for too long.

----------

Graham Messner, a coach at the high school level, is a local columnist for
Public Opinion. He may be reached at graham@innernet.net

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

Firms need to understand key memos addressing corruption

LENGTH: 1120 words


Firms need to understand key memos addressing corruption

By MARK McCARTY
Medical Device Daily Washington Editor

ARLINGTON, Virginia &mdash; The spate of corporate scandals that cropped up at
the beginning of the decade left the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) with a
perceived need to more aggressively pursue corporate wrongdoing, with one of the
proposed fixes coming in the form of the Thompson memo of 2003.

Named for the former deputy attorney general Larry Thompson, the memo granted
prosecutors much broader leeway in pursuing cases of alleged corruption,
including allowing them to ask firms for copies of any privileged
attorney-client communications and to use the firm's decision to cooperate with
such requests to consider whether to prosecute.

Many observers with high product liability profiles, including device makers,
felt this feature of the memo gave DoJ powers that were tantamount to blackmail.
After catching substantial flak from many industries and former DoJ heads, the
current deputy attorney general, Paul McNulty, issued a December 2006 memo,
named for him, that modifies those powers of discretion. However, not all are
satisfied with those changes.

Camille Conway, a partner at Barnes & Thornburg (Chicago), gave attendees at the
second day of the Medical Device and Diagnostics Marketing Compliance Congress
an overview of the McNulty memo and how it might affect future government
investigations into alleged corporate wrongdoing.

Conway said that while the memo took some of the pressure off the waiver of
attorney-client privilege, the legal environment is still out of kilter, and a
bill sponsored by Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pennsylvania) to further adjust some of
the DoJ's approach to white-collar crime is stuck in committee.

Under the McNulty memo, prosecutors can still request confidential
attorney-client communications, but must clear any such request with the deputy
attorney general's office.

The McNulty memo was also spurred by the case against accounting giant KPMG
(Amsterdam, The Netherlands), which was accused in 2003 of having sold
fraudulent tax shelters. In that case, DoJ threatened to indict the firm unless
it suspended payments to attorneys for the defense of senior executives, a move
that U.S. district court judge Lewis Kaplan slapped down last year "because the
government held the proverbial gun" to KPMG's head, given that an indictment
would almost certainly lead to a collapse of the company a la the now-defunct
Arthur Andersen.

McNulty rolled this back to require permission from the deputy attorney
general's office, and this can only be granted if the payment of attorney's fees
is seen as impeding the investigation.

Conway said that a Sept. 5, 2006, letter from several former attorney generals,
including Carter appointee Griffin Bell and Reagan appointee Dick Thornburg,
criticized the Thompson memo as placing too much power in prosecutors' hands.
"To see former prosecutors of this reputation" criticizing the Thompson memo
"meant government had to do something."

On the other hand, the nine main elements of the Thompson memo "are still
there," according to Conway, and while government has to jump through more
hoops, prosecutors can still take the company's cooperation into account in
deciding whether to seek an indictment.

Conway cautioned attendees against a knee-jerk agreement to disclosure. A firm
that waives privilege could end up with class action suits going forward
simultaneously with federal prosecution, "and you'll find you're fighting a war
on two or three fronts."

Conway 's first recommendation was that companies consider hiring two law firms
or, if a company has inside counsel, hiring an outside firm for some of the work
in connection with an internal investigation. "You have to try to separate
factual gathering from legal analysis gathering" because these are considered
separate areas of information for government investigations.

As a result, a prosecutor will have to ask the deputy attorney general for
clearance to ask specifically for access to communications regarding legal
analysis instead of being able to obtain the analysis documents and the
fact-finding documents in one swoop. Because of recent case law, the deputy's
office may hesitate to grant waiver request.

"When a prosecutor asks to be able to ask for waiver, the superior knows that
the courts are getting antsy about it, so it's not automatic," Conway said.

Companies that find themselves in the DoJ's crosshairs need not cave in when
privilege is challenged, Conway stated. "In light of the decisions coming down,
the government is less likely to pursue" a waiver, Conway pointed out, and a
court could gut the government's case if the defendant can argue that the
government erred.

On the other hand, firms should not habitually refuse to cooperate, especially
if the legal or public fall-out from the case is liable to get ugly.
Furthermore, "[y]ou can't label everything as attorney-client privilege because
that raises the flag," Conway said.

Conway strongly urged companies to "think about your internal compliance
initiatives. You need to keep honing those [initiatives] down" because a
well-crafted corporate compliance program will isolate the damage and steer
blame where it belongs.

In the no-brainer category of recommendations, Conway suggested that firms
"watch what you write in e-mails. I really cannot assert this enough."

As for Specter's bill, which has not advanced beyond the Judiciary committee, it
would forbid any "demand, request, or condition treatment on the disclosure by
an organization, or person affiliated with that organization, of any
communication protected by the attorney-client privilege or any attorney work
product." The bill, the Attorney-Client Privilege Protection Act of 2007, would
also bar DOJ from "condition[ing] a civil or criminal charging decision" by
whether "an organization, or person affiliated with that organization, is
cooperating."

In a June 4 letter to Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Patrick Leahy
(D-Vermont), Karen Mathis, president of the American Bar Association (ABA;
Chicago), stated that ABA "strongly supports legislation like S. 186 that would
bar the Justice Department and other federal agencies from pressuring companies
to waive their privileges or take unfair punitive actions against their
employees as conditions for receiving cooperation credit."

ABA favors the bill's provisions that "would preserve prosecutors' ability to
obtain the non-privileged, factual material they need," but Mathis wrote that
the bill "would strike the proper balance between effective law enforcement and
the preservation of essential attorney-client privilege, work product, and
employee legal protections.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                  June 2, 2005

Business;
Arthur Andersen Settles WorldCom Suit

SECTION: Pg. 372F1

LENGTH: 241 words


Defunct accounting firm Arthur Andersen LLP April 26 won court approval for a
$65 million settlement with former shareholders of bankrupt telecommunications
firm WorldCom Inc., who had accused the auditor of failing to uncover the
massive accounting fraud that led to WorldCom's 2002 collapse. Arthur Andersen
was the last remaining defendant in the class-action suit, which was led by New
York State Comptroller Alan Hevesi, trustee of the New York State Common
Retirement Fund.

WorldCom in 2004 had emerged from bankruptcy as MCI Inc. [See 2005 Supreme
Court: Arthur Andersen Conviction Overturned; 2005 Business: WorldCom Class
Action Mostly Settled; Other Development]

A dozen former WorldCom directors and 17 former underwriters had already settled
with the plaintiffs, agreeing to pay more than $6 billion for negligence and
wrongdoing in their supervision and promotion of WorldCom. The case against
Arthur Andersen March 29 had gone to trial in U.S. District Court in New York
City, but was called off in light of the agreement.

The settlement required Arthur Andersen to supplement the agreed $65 million
with 20% of any payments it might make to its former partners in the future. It
also required the former auditor to pay the difference between the settlement's
amount and any greater penalty it might agree to in the future.

Arthur Andersen had consistently denied wrongdoing, saying it had been deceived
by WorldCom's executives.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Facts on File, Inc.


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 12, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Judge Orders Ex-AOL Chief To Answer Civil Charges;
Reversal Comes After Complaint is Amended

BYLINE: David A. Vise, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E05

LENGTH: 412 words


A federal judge in New York ruled yesterday that former America Online chairman
Steve Case must defend himself against civil allegations that he knowingly
misrepresented the Internet firm's advertising revenue prior to its ill-fated
merger with Time Warner Inc. in January 2000.

The decision by U.S. District Judge Shirley Wohl Kram reverses a ruling she made
in May, when she found insufficient basis for claims that Case had intentionally
tried to mislead investors in order to boost his company's stock price. The
judge changed her mind after the lead shareholder plaintiff in the case, the
Minnesota State Board of Investment, filed an amended complaint containing new
details.

The opinion said: "According to the second amended complaint, on October 17,
2000, Case said, 'I do not think people generally are concerned about Internet
advertising. Our results show that there's no reason to be concerned when it
comes to AOL.' In light of Case's alleged knowledge as early as November 1999
that the advertising revenue was facing a 'stark reversal of fortune,' the above
statement may form the basis of a [securities fraud] claim against Case."

In court filings, Case has denied any wrongdoing, saying he made no false
statements and had no advance knowledge of the firm's impending ad woes.

As part of her ruling, Kram also reinstated civil claims against Joseph A. Ripp,
who served as AOL's chief financial officer, and Gerald M. Levin, the former
chief executive of what was then known as AOL Time Warner (the company has since
renamed itself). Both have denied wrongdoing. Kram declined to reinstate civil
claims against Richard D. Parsons, the current chairman of Time Warner.

The judge cited the amended suit's allegations that Levin once portrayed
concerns over the health of AOL's ad sales as "a kind of nervous Nellie
manufactured issue" in reinstating the civil allegations against him. Kram
rejected Levin's contention that he could not have known AOL's true financial
condition because he was not privy to AOL's internal financial documents, saying
that if that were the case, he might have acted recklessly by offering an
"unqualified and uninformed" opinion about AOL's financial condition.

Investors lost hundreds of billions of dollars after AOL and Time Warner merged
and the combined company's stock declined. The class-action lawsuit is an
attempt to recover funds and damages from current and former senior executives
and the surviving corporation.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      May 22, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Merrill Lynch strikes a deal; America's largest brokerage firm agrees to settle
analyst-rating scandal for $100m US

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Michael Gormley

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y.


Merrill Lynch & Co. has agreed to pay $100 million to settle allegations that
the firm's analysts misled investors with their stock ratings so the company
could win lucrative investment banking fees.

Merrill Lynch said yesterday it will make the payment to New York state, which
has been investigating the matter, and to all the other states provided they all
accept it.

America's biggest brokerage firm also agreed to structural reforms to assure
that its stock analysts work independently from the firm's investment bankers.

Merrill Lynch also apologized.

"This agreement changes the way Wall Street will operate, severing the
compensation link between the research and banking divisions that tainted
investment advice," New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer told a news
conference.

Under the settlement, Merrill Lynch analysts will no longer be paid with money
generated by investment banking.

A chief concern of critics has been that analysts have been rewarded for the
investment banking business they bring in, instead of having compensation tied
to the quality of their stock research.

Spitzer said he hopes other Wall Street firms will consider the settlement with
Merrill a model for similar agreements.

He said prosecutors have already had talks with Merrill rivals about alleged
analyst conflict of interest but did not disclose whether settlements are
imminent.

Merrill Lynch said the agreement "represents neither evidence nor admission of
wrongdoing or liability," which fell short of Spitzer's initial insistence on an
admission of wrongdoing.

Dozens of lawsuits have been filed on behalf of investors who say they lost
money because of Merrill Lynch stock recommendations, and the lack of an
admission of wrongdoing will make it more difficult for them to win large
settlements.

"It would have in essence been a death warrant for the company to admit
liability," Spitzer said.

David Komansky, Merrill Lynch's chief executive, and Stan O'Neal, the firm's
president, said in a statement that the agreement "will ultimately benefit all
investors and the capital markets."

Komansky acknowledged at a separate New York news conference that the
investigation and its revelations have hurt the image of the company but said he
does not believe the firm lost much business as a result.

"I think we'll be able to regain the confidence of the investing public," he
said.

In afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Merrill shares were up 2.4
per cent.

Yesterday's arrangement will hurt the prospects for restitution to aggrieved
investors, said Chuck Hill, director of research at Thomson Financial/First
Call.

"I think it does limit the compensation issue," Hill said. "I think it is going
to be more difficult for people to be compensated."

Last month, Spitzer revealed details of a 10-month investigation into Merrill
Lynch that uncovered e-mails from analysts disparaging stocks they had publicly
praised.

Spitzer said analysts rated stocks of some companies as good buys so Merrill
Lynch could win investment banking business for mergers and initial public stock
offerings from those companies.

Merrill Lynch issued a statement yesterday apologizing for "the inappropriate
communications brought to light by the New York state attorney general's
investigation."

It added: "We sincerely regret that there were instances in which certain of our
Internet sector research analysts expressed views that at certain points may
have appeared inconsistent with Merrill Lynch's published recommendations."

Spitzer's investigators have subpoenaed records from at least six of Merrill
Lynch's main competitors, including Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter.

Goldman Sachs announced steps yesterday to assure "the analytic rigour, broad
insights and objectivity" of its research work. It also named former New York
Federal Reserve president Gerald Corrigan as "investment research ombudsman."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 465  words


HP's new CEO to testify at Oracle-SAP trial

OAKLAND, Calif. - Hewlett-Packard Co.'s new CEO, Leo Apotheker, will testify at
the trial of his previous company, Germany's SAP AG, as a jury decides what
damages SAP will have to pay Oracle in a multibillion-dollar intellectual
property case.

Oracle attorney Geoffrey Howard told the court that Apotheker - who just started
his job at HP on Monday - will testify. He may have to respond to allegations
SAP expected to reap billions of dollars by illegally downloading Oracle
software files.

Howard didn't say whether Apotheker would appear live or on video.

At issue is how much money SAP must pay Oracle for infringing patents. SAP has
admitted to wrongdoing, accepted liability and shut down its former TomorrowNow
unit which infringed patents. The amount of damages ranges from tens of millions
to potentially billions of dollars.

Apotheker's credibility is also at stake. SAP says Apotheker didn't know of any
wrongdoing initially and moved to shut TomorrowNow after he found out.

Average price of gas up across Canada

OTTAWA -A weekly report shows the average price of gas in Canada is up this week
despite falling in more than half of the communities surveyed.

The national average price of a litre of gas is $1.054, MJ Ervin and Associates
reported Tuesday. The energy consultancy surveys 60 communities across Canada
for the weekly report; of those 60, 32 saw a fall in the average price -
including every town east of Quebec.

In Labrador City, N.L., where the average price of gas fell 1.5 cents from last
week, still had the highest price for a second week in the country, at $1.189,
narrowly beating out Yellowknife's constant $1.186.

Drivers in Lloydminster, Alta., had the cheapest gas in the country, paying an
average 88.9 cents a litre.

World stock markets near two-year high

NEW YORK - World stocks neared a two-year high Tuesday on stronger-than-expected
economic data while the dollar fell as investors anticipated the U.S. central
bank will open the money spigot to spur the flagging U.S. economy.

U.S. stocks also got a boost from investors' expectations of strong Republican
gains in Congress halfway through the term of Democratic U.S. President Barack
Obama. Shares in sectors such as healthcare, deemed likely to benefit from the
rebalancing of power, advanced.

In campaigns, Republicans accused Democrats of stifling business with
regulations and failing to extend tax cuts, while Democrats countered with
claims that Republicans blocked economic recovery programs.

"I think it is people trying to get in front of what they think will be the
election results," said Rick Meckler, president of investment firm LibertyView
Capital Management in New York, in reference to expectations of Republicans'
gains.

Sources: Reuters, Postmedia News

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             May 4, 2005 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Hollinger Int'l. settles over directors' roles: 'Blue ribbon' board members
agree to US$50M settlement

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP1

LENGTH: 585  words


A group of "blue ribbon" directors, including former U.S. Secretary of State
Henry Kissinger, have agreed to a US$50-million settlement with Hollinger
International Inc. to settle claims about their tenure at Conrad Blacks'
publishing empire.

The money is to be paid from director and officer liability insurance held by
the newspaper publisher, and requires court approval in Canada and the United
States.

All directors who are party to the settlement have denied any wrongdoing or
liability, and the agreement contains no admission of wrongdoing or liability by
any of them, Hollinger said yesterday.

Mr. Kissinger was named in a damning lawsuit filed last year by Hollinger
shareholder Cardinal Capital Management LLC, along with present and former
Hollinger directors, including two-time Illinois governor James Thompson and
Marie Josee Kravis, the wife of wealthy financier Henry Kravis

That lawsuit, which alleged that the independent directors were "totally
quiescent" while executives treated the company as "their personal piggy bank"
over a six-year period, was a key element in the negotiations, sources close to
the company said yesterday.

The directors' conduct was also detailed through a 14-month internal
investigation at Hollinger International.

Cardinal Capital filed its lawsuit after demanding access to board meeting
minutes and other company documents.

"Despite being presented with numerous self-dealing transactions, the board
without question or investigation repeatedly approve the actions of Hollinger
executives [often after the fact] and permitted their unfettered raid on
Hollinger's finances," the lawsuit alleged. Among the transactions was the sale
of Hollinger publications to small newspaper companies controlled by Lord Black
and his associates for $1 -- without a bidding process, negotiation, or a
fairness opinion, the lawsuit said.

"We believe Hollinger International's shareholders have suffered significantly
as a result of the board's lack of requisite diligence," Gene Fox, managing
director of Greenwich, Conn.-based Cardinal, said yesterday. "This settlement
provides US$50-million as restitution to Hollinger International for the role of
certain outside directors."

Hollinger International did not name most of the independent directors in its
own lawsuit filed in Chicago which is seeking more than US$400-million in
restitution from controlling shareholder Conrad Black and other former officers
of the company who were ejected amid the investigation into alleged
self-dealing.

A statement from Hollinger International said those claims -- which have not
been proven in court -- are unchanged as a result of the settlement concluded
yesterday with directors including Richard Burt, Shmuel Meitar, and former
independent directors Dwayne O. Andreas, Raymond Chambers, Robert S. Strauss,
Alfred Taubman, George Weidenfeld, and Leslie Wexner.

If the settlement with independent directors does not receive the blessing of
Ontario's Superior Court of Justice by September, all parties involved will have
to agree to extend its terms, sources said yesterday.

Other companies controlled by Lord Black have challenged past settlement talks
with Hollinger International's directors, claiming first right to insurance
money because all entities in the publishing empire were at one time insured
together.

"We'll review the proposed settlement after we've been provided a copy and
determine the appropriate course of action after examining it," a spokesman for
Lord Black said yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Muse's Flock to Buy, Return to Church;
Two Congregations Estranged in Pr. George's

BYLINE: Paul Schwartzman and Hamil R. Harris, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 1004 words


Pastor C. Anthony Muse and his flock broke from the United Methodist Church
after a bitter dispute more than two years ago, angering church officials who
were left with nearly $ 6 million in debts incurred in the construction of a new
sanctuary.

Now Muse and his 4,000 congregants are poised to return to the Brandywine
property, supplanting what remains of his former congregation,
Gibbons-Resurrection United Methodist Church, which will disband at month's end
after 118 years.

Gibbons-Resurrection lost the property to creditors last fall after it was
unable to pay the debt accumulated during Muse's tenure. The creditors have
given preliminary approval to an offer of $ 3.2 million from Muse's
congregation, Ark of Safety Christian Church, and the pastor plans to return in
August.

The tentative deal comes at a critical time for Muse, who is running for Prince
George's County executive in a field of five Democrats. The agreement renews
focus on a lawsuit that grew out of Muse's split with his former church, which
accused the pastor and his allies of financial impropriety and taking assets.

The lawsuit was settled last month when both parties agreed that there was "no
finding of wrongdoing and no admission of wrongdoing by Ark of Safety, Rev.
Muse, or anyone else," according to a copy of the confidential agreement.

Yet bitterness persists. Muse's expected return to Brandywine has provoked
criticism from Methodist officials and members of his former congregation, who
say he is benefiting from financial problems he helped create.

"It's sort of galling," said James Knowles-Tuell, chief financial officer of the
Baltimore-Washington Conference of the United Methodist Church. "Tony's leaving
and taking 80 to 85 percent of the congregation took a situation that was in
trouble and made it unmanageable. In essence, he and the congregation are
reaping the benefits of the disaster by being able to buy the building at less
than if they had just stayed and tried to pay it off."

Muse said a long-standing dispute over finances and theology forced him to split
with the United Methodists and open the independent Ark of Safety church in an
Oxon Hill shopping center.

Muse also said the United Methodist Church, a denomination with congregations
across the country, had the resources to buy the property.

Ark of Safety will invite congregants from Gibbons-Resurrection to continue to
hold services at the church, he said. "The unchristian thing would be to say,
'Get out,' " the pastor said.

But the Rev. Rodney Smothers, Gibbons-Resurrection's pastor, said Muse's offer
is meaningless because the congregation's financial problems are forcing it to
shut down June 30.

"It's like McDonald's moving into the neighborhood, putting Burger King out of
business, then saying to Burger King, 'No hard feelings. We'll sell your product
in our restaurant,' " Smothers said.

Muse, he said, could have spared Gibbons-Resurrection's congregants from losing
their church by not seeking to purchase the property.

"If he really did not want to harm the people, he wouldn't have competed against
us," Smothers said.

The church, nestled in Brandywine's woods and originally known as Gibbons United
Methodist, dates to 1884, when it was founded by former slaves.

Muse was assigned there in 1984 and transformed it into the fastest-growing
United Methodist church in the country. Muse, who changed the name of the church
to Resurrection Prayer Worship Center, began fighting with the United Methodists
after a project to build a 1,200-seat sanctuary was beset by problems, including
cost overruns.

United Methodist officials say they provided $ 1.2 million in grants, loans and
collateral for the project. Muse left the congregation after the United
Methodists, citing church policy, declined to co-sign a $ 600,000 bank loan that
was needed to complete the building.

With help from the United Methodists, Gibbons-Resurrection reduced the debt to
less than $ 5 million. But the parish remained far behind, and last fall,
Colonial Trust Co., representing bondholders who raised money for the
construction project, initiated foreclosure proceedings.

Gibbons-Resurrection subsequently offered $ 2.75 million for the property, which
was rejected. Ark of Safety's bid of $ 3.2 million was accepted by Colonial
Trust, which awaits a vote by its bondholders, said Jerry Morgan, an attorney
for the company.

The rift between Muse and the United Methodists also played out in court. In a
lawsuit filed in 2000, the United Methodists alleged that Muse and his allies
had taken thousands of dollars worth of assets and erased computer files.

As part of a settlement signed May 30, Ark of Safety agreed to pay
Gibbons-Resurrection $ 13,210, including about $ 8,200 that represents half of
the collection raised during Muse's final day of services in Brandywine.

In addition, the two churches will split a $ 10,000 building fund, and Ark of
Safety will return a 54-inch television set, a sound mixing board and a desk.

Attorneys for both sides said the agreement bars them from commenting.

The past two years have been difficult for Gibbons-Resurrection's 300
parishioners, but they were not prepared for news that their congregation would
hold its final service June 30.

"It is such a disappointment," said Annie Pinkney, a member for more than four
decades. "Sometimes, you just have to accept things."

Rod Holmes, a Gibbons-Resurrection parishioner, said it was particularly painful
that Muse would return to the property.

"It's a slap in the face to abuse us like that," Holmes said. "We have done so
much in good faith to purchase the church and to be good stewards of the
church."

Muse said the parishioners' sentiments are a natural result of a painful rift.

"Emotions are high, and they should be when there are church splits. They happen
every day," he said.

Muse said he and his flock have endured their own pain.

"We're the ones who ended up with nothing after building a church for 15 years,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 14, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Fine Given in Refco Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 40; Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, March 13


Refco Inc., one of the world's largest commodity brokerage firms, and its
founder were fined a total of $590,000 by Federal regulators for reportedly
violating trading rules of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Refco agreed to pay a civil fine of $440,000 without admitting wrongdoing, the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission said Thursday.

Ray E. Friedman of Palm Beach, Fla., agreed to pay $150,000 and, while admitting
no wrongdoing, agreed to sever all ties to the Chicago-based firm, give up his
floor broker registration and abstain from all futures and options trading for
two months.

Mr. Friedman, 78 years old, held the title of president emeritus.

The C.F.T.C. charged that Refco and Mr. Friedman had engaged in a scheme to
violate speculative position limits in pork belly futures. The limits define the
number of futures contracts that speculators may hold.

Refco agreed to cease and desist from violations of the Commodity Exchange Act.
Dennis Klenja, C.F.T.C. enforcement director, noted that Refco was already under
three cease-and-desist orders for failing to supervise previous wrongdoing that
had been charged.

"The important thing from the enforcement standpoint was that they violated
three different cease-and-desist orders," Mr. Klenja said in explaining the
unusually high fines.

Refco said its policy was "to comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Former official faces charges of corruption;
Ocean Properties is not accused of wrongdoing in the Florida complaint.

BYLINE: DAVID HENCH Staff Writer Staff Writer Elbert Aull contributed to this
report.

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 488 words


A former Florida official faces felony corruption charges for allegedly failing
to disclose thousands of dollars in gifts from Ocean Properties Ltd. that were
made while she was considering the developer's proposal for a convention center
hotel in West Palm Beach.

Ocean Properties was not accused of wrongdoing in the federal complaint released
in South Florida last week. And a local Ocean Properties representative denied
the Florida issue had any connection to the company's decision to back out of
negotiations for a commercial development on the Maine State Pier in Portland.

''Absolutely not,'' said Harold Pachios, the attorney representing the company
on the project. Pachios said the decision was tied to Ocean Properties'
workload, which includes development projects elsewhere.

Prosecutors accused former Palm Beach County Commissioner Mary McCarty, her
husband, Lawrence McCarty, and former Commissioner Warren Newell of receiving
lavish accommodations at an exclusive oceanfront resort in Key West owned by
Ocean Properties.

The weekends at the Sunset Key Guest Cottages, which range in price from $595 to
$2,225 per night, were either free or at ''grossly discounted rates not
available to the public,'' prosecutors said.

The government said the commissioners were given the gifts while the county was
buying $23 million in land from an executive vice president for Ocean Properties
and his family. The commissioners also were selecting the company over three
others for a heavily subsidized hotel project. The county selected Ocean
Properties for the hotel project in 2004 but voted to kill the project in
October.

McCarty also is accused of steering lucrative county bond underwriting,
unrelated to Ocean Properties, to her husband's business. She faces federal
charges of conspiring to deprive the public of its right to her honest services
and could face up to five years in prison. Her husband could face three years in
prison if convicted of failing to disclose her actions.

The government is seeking to recover $272,000, and if the McCartys don't have
it, prosecutors will try to seize their home in Florida and their property in
Blue Hill Falls, Maine.

The indictment does not suggest any criminal wrongdoing by Ocean Properties.

In a written release, the U.S. attorney for the southern district of Florida, R.
Alexander Acosta, noted the ''outstanding cooperation'' of Ocean Properties and
other businesses involved in the case.

A Florida spokesman for Ocean Properties did not return a telephone call for
comment.

Common Cause in Florida, a government watchdog group, said that although the
state and its counties have in recent years passed new laws to limit public
corruption, laws restricting gifts from and inappropriate contact with companies
doing business with government are directed at government officials, not the
businesses.


Staff Writer David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:

dhench@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: sidebar pier

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 21, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Becton's Shake-Up Heaviest in D.C.'s Middle, Junior High Schools

Debbi Wilgoren, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 961 words


One of the 12 District principals removed from their posts by school Chief
Executive Julius W. Becton Jr. was fired because of alleged wrongdoing,
according to school officials. The other dismissed principals likely will be
offered lower-ranking positions in the public school system.

An analysis of the list of principals for the coming academic year and
interviews with several high-ranking school officials indicate that Becton's
long-promised shake-up of top school positions disproportionately affected
middle and junior high schools but did not result in a widespread purge of
administrators.

Eight principals whose three-year terms had expired were not reappointed to the
new, one-year terms that Becton established as part of his emergency mission to
overhaul the beleaguered school system. Three acting principals who competed for
one-year assignments at their schools lost to other D.C. school administrators.

Only one principal was fired from the system "for cause," meaning that school
officials believed they had documented specific wrongdoing that warranted the
dismissal. School officials refused to identify that principal yesterday or
describe the alleged wrongdoing.

However, Becton did issue a statement about his decision to keep Ronald Parker
as principal of Winston Educational Center, where a group of unsupervised
fourth-graders engaged in sexual activity this spring.

Parker was suspended without pay after the incident. His school was left off the
initial list of principal assignments released by Becton on Friday night, but
officials said this week that he would remain and that the omission was
inadvertent.

D.C. Council member Kevin P. Chavous (D-Ward 7), chairman of the council's
education committee, called the move "a tragedy." But Becton said Parker had
been adequately punished for "failing to follow established reporting
procedures" after learning of the incident and was qualified to continue as
principal.

In an interview, Becton said he was pleased overall with his 1997-98 principal
assignments -- a total of 21 schools will get new principals because of
resignations, retirements and ousters. But the changes were not broad enough for
Emily Washington, the teacher representative to the appointed emergency trustee
board that assumed most of the powers of the elected school board last year.

"I just think it's a shame," said Washington, a former union leader who has
frequently accused principals of mismanagement and poor performance. She had
asked the trustee board, which includes Becton, to make every principal reapply
for his or her job and to retain only those considered top performers.

Instead, Becton and his staff focused most closely on acting principals and
principals whose three-year appointments were expiring. Under existing rules, he
could decide not to reappoint those educators on the basis of their evaluations,
without documenting wrongdoing serious enough to constitute a firing offense.

Becton will have the same option next June when he decides whether to retain
about two-thirds of the school system's current principals -- those whose
three-year terms expire at the end of the coming academic year and those he
appointed to one-year posts this year. By the 1999-2000 school year, which is
supposed to be the last of Becton's tenure, the retired Army lieutenant general
will be able to review his entire principal roster and deny an assignment as a
principal to anyone whose evaluation does not pass muster.

This year, Becton chose not to reappoint six of the city's middle and junior
high school principals and two elementary school principals. He also designated
nine elementary school principals as "acting with support," meaning that he
believes they have potential but need to show significant improvement to keep
their jobs.

Those probationary principals, whom he declined to identify, will receive extra
training and expert help. "Some could say, 'You could have fired them, too,' "
Becton said. "I would say that we know their potential." He said they would be
removed if they do not improve.

At the high school level, the only changes in the lineup of principals occurred
because of retirements or resignations. Ralph Neal, assistant superintendent for
high schools, said that only two of his 17 principals were up for reappointment
and that both of them, Maria Tukeva, of Bell Multicultural High School, and Tony
Upson, at Coolidge High School, received positive evaluations.

But Neal said he has concerns about five or six principals who remain and has
designed improvement programs for them to follow throughout the year or risk
ouster.

Chavous said yesterday that he remains concerned about whether evaluations were
conducted fairly, and that his concerns go beyond the decision to keep Parker at
Winston. "We have numerous questions," Chavous said, adding that he will hold an
oversight hearing this fall to question Becton about the principal roster.

Other school critics questioned the decision to remove Jay Castano, who had been
acting principal at Brightwood Elementary and was one of the few Latino
educators at the helm of a D.C. school. The job went to Perry Johnson, an
assistant principal at the school, which has a substantial and growing Latino
population.

Linda C. McKay, one of the ousted principals, defended her record yesterday in
an interview, saying test scores and parental and community involvement had
improved significantly in her three-year tenure at P.R. Harris Educational
Center in Washington Highlands.

"It was a well-organized, well-run school," said McKay, who said she plans to
challenge the decision to remove her. "I think I had every right to be
reappointed. I don't think it was a fair process."


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Julius W. Becton Jr. dismissed 12 principals, including one
fired for a specific wrongdoing.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 23, 2007, Tuesday

TWO-MINUTE DRILL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 355 words


Today's quote

"The man was born to coach. He is going to be a great, great, great coach in the
NFL - his players will respect him and play for him. That's the thing about
Mike: He was a great player, but he's an even better coach and an even better
person.''

Bill Stewart, current West Virginia quarterbacks coach and former VMI coach, on
the Steelers hiring Mike Tomlin to replace Bill Cowher.

Names in the games

State's Scott shares WVC weekly honor

West Virginia State's Ted Scott and West Liberty's Shane Maynard shared West
Virginia Conference men's basketball player of the week honors.

Scott, a 6-foot-1 junior, averaged 35.7 points last week as the Yellow Jackets
won two of three games. The Columbus, Ohio, native topped 30 points in all three
contests and hit for 43 points in a 116-108 home loss to West Liberty.

Maynard, a 6-4 junior forward from Beckley, averaged 30.0 points and 5.0
rebounds in helping the Hilltoppers beat Salem International and State.

Falcons' Vick cleared of any wrongdoing

Michael Vick was cleared by police Monday of any wrongdoing at a Miami airport,
four days after the Falcons general manager said the star quarterback had "let a
lot of people down.''

Vick's water bottle was seized by security at Miami International Airport last
Wednesday. Police said it smelled of marijuana, but lab tests found no evidence
of drugs. Police will not file charges and there will be no disciplinary
measures from the NFL or the Falcons.

Bengals' Joseph arrested on pot charge

The Bengals' top draft pick is the first challenge to coach Marvin Lewis' new
get-tough policy with his misbehaving players.

Cornerback Johnathan Joseph was arrested early Monday and charged with
possession of marijuana. Joseph was the ninth Cincinnati player arrested in the
last nine months.

Joseph was arrested on U.S. Route 42 in northern Kentucky. The Boone County
sheriff's arrest report said Joseph was the passenger in a vehicle driven by a
woman who had a suspended license, was driving slowly and weaving. The deputy
said he found a bag of marijuana in bag, next to a video game.

Today's birthday

Wily Mo Pena, 1982

From staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Covert abortion video leads to charges;
Anti-abortion activists indicted; no charges for Planned Parenthood.;
NEW DETAILS PLANNED PARENTHOOD

BYLINE: By PaulJ.Weber

SECTION: ; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 783 words


AUSTIN, TEXAS - A Houston grand jury investigating undercover footage of Planned
Parenthood found no wrongdoing Monday by the abortion provider, and instead
indicted anti-abortion activists involved in making the videos that targeted the
handling of fetal tissue in clinics and provoked outrage among Republican
leaders nationwide.

David Daleiden, founder of the Center for Medical Progress, was indicted on a
felony charge of tampering with a governmental record and a misdemeanor count
related to purchasing human organs. Another activist, Sandra Merritt, was also
indicted on a charge of tampering with a governmental record, which carries a
maximum penalty of 20 years in prison.

It's the first time anyone in the group has been charged criminally since it
last year began releasing the videos alleging that Planned Parenthood sold fetal
tissue to researchers for a profit in violation of federal law. Planned
Parenthood officials have denied any wrongdoing and have said the videos were
misleadingly edited.

The footage from the clinic in Houston showed people pretending to be from a
company that procures fetal tissue for research touring the facility.

In a statement announcing the indictment, Harris County District Attorney Devon
Anderson didn't provide details on the charges, including what record or records
were allegedly tampered with and why Daleiden faces a charge related to buying
human organs. Her office said it could not disclose more information and a court
spokesman said it was unclear when copies of the indictments, which typically
provide more insight, would be made public.

"We were called upon to investigate allegations of criminal conduct by Planned
Parenthood Gulf Coast," Anderson, a Republican, said in her statement. "As I
stated at the outset of this investigation, we must go where the evidence leads
us."

Daleiden issued a statement saying that his group "uses the same undercover
techniques" as investigative journalists and follows all applicable laws.

"We respect the processes of the Harris County District Attorney, and note that
buying fetal tissue requires a seller as well," he said.

Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, who has his own ongoing
investigation into Planned Parenthood, said Monday that the "the videos exposed
the horrific nature of abortion and the shameful disregard for human life."

The Texas video was the fifth released by the Center for Medical Progress. The
videos provoked an outcry from the anti-abortion movement and prompted numerous
investigations of Planned Parenthood by Republican-led committees in Congress
and by GOP-led state governments. Congressional Republicans unsuccessfully
called for cutting off funding for Planned Parenthood.

Planned Parenthood has said clinics in two states used to accept legally allowed
reimbursement for the costs of providing tissue donated by some of its abortion
clients. In October, it announced that it would no longer accept reimbursement
and would cover the costs itself.

The group called Monday's indictments the latest in a string of victories since
the videos were released, saying that by its count, 11 state investigations have
cleared the nation's largest abortion provider of claims that it profited from
fetal tissue donation.

"This is absolutely great news because it is a demonstration of what Planned
Parenthood has said from the very beginning: We follow every law and regulation
and these anti-abortion activists broke multiple laws to try and spread lies,"
said Rochelle Tafolla, spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast.

Before the Texas video was released, Melaney Linton, president of the Houston
Planned Parenthood clinic, told state lawmakers last summer that it was likely
to feature actors - pretending to be from a company called BioMax - asking
leading questions about how to select potential donors for a supposed study of
sickle cell anemia. Linton said the footage could feature several interactions
initiated by BioMax about how and whether a doctor could adjust an abortion if a
patient had offered to donate tissue for medical research.

Despite its name, public filings suggest only a small number of people are
affiliated with the Center for Medical Progress, none of them scientists or
physicians engaged in advancing medical treatments. The people named as its top
officers are longtime anti-abortion activists.

Earlier this month, Planned Parenthood sued the center in a California federal
court, alleging extensive criminal misconduct. The lawsuit says the center's
videos were the result of numerous illegalities, including making recordings
without consent, registering false identities with state agencies and violating
non-disclosure agreements.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           December 9, 2009 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

SEC sues former New Century execs

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 536 words


THE US Securities and Exchange Commission has brought a new case against
executives who symbolised the mid-decade mortgage boom, accusing three former
executives of New Century Financial of overstating profits to hide a weakening
position.

The New Century executives charged in the civil fraud case are among several
targeted by federal authorities looking into alleged wrongdoing tied to subprime
mortgages.

The SEC earlier sued Angelo Mozilo, co-founder of Countrywide Financial, saying
he misled investors with optimistic statements about Countrywide's condition. Mr
Mozilo has denied any wrongdoing.

In the New Century case, the defendants are co-founder Brad Morrice, former
finance chief Patti Dodge and former controller David Kenneally. The SEC also is
seeking to recover bonuses and incentive pay from Mr Morrice and Ms Dodge, as
part of the government's effort to claw back pay from executives allegedly
engaged in wrongdoing.

In a statement, a spokesman for Mr Morrice's attorney at Proskauer Rose called
the SEC's allegations ``flatly false''.

Lawyers for Ms Dodge and Mr Kenneally said their clients upheld their
obligations and would contest the charges. The SEC said its investigation was
continuing.

A court-appointed examiner looking into New Century's collapse found in 2008
that KPMG, the company's accountant, ``contributed'' to some of the accounting
and financial reporting strategies. At the time, KPMG said it strongly disagreed
with the report's conclusion. KPMG declined to comment further yesterday.

The SEC didn't say how much it would seek to claw back. In 2006 and 2007, Mr
Morrice made roughly $US7.1 million in cash bonuses and long-term incentive
compensation and Ms Dodge took home about $940,000, according to the SEC.

The Justice Department also has been investigating New Century, which at one
point was the third-largest subprime lender in the US. It is not clear where
that investigation stands. New Century was among the first large mortgage
underwriters to run into serious problems. In February 2007, New Century said it
would have to restate its 2006 quarterly financials and by April, the company
filed for bankruptcy court protection.

In its complaint, filed in federal court in the Central District of California,
the SEC alleges that executives told investors of potential losses as the firm's
financial condition was worsening in late 2006 but failed to state the company
was facing greater defaults on certain loans.

The rising defaults forced New Century to repurchase more loans that it had
earlier unloaded to other investors, according to the complaint. Loan
repurchases in the fourth quarter of 2006 hit $US317m, up from $US91m a year
earlier, and the backlog of repurchase requests was growing, according to the
SEC. The SEC said New Century executives misled investors by failing to disclose
these problems and others in reports filed with the SEC and during earnings
conference calls.

By reducing the company's reserve provision for troubled loans, New Century
reported a third quarter 2006 profit of $US90m compared with what the SEC said
should have been an $US18m loss.

Mr Morrice is among the three mortgage industry veterans who founded New Century
in 1995. KARA SCANNELL

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Washington: RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE -- (House of
Representatives - October 07, 2015)

LENGTH: 2430 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of the
House and offer the resolution previously noticed.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution.



    The Clerk read as follows:





    Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012, took the
lives of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean
Smith, and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty;



    Whereas the events leading up to and in the immediate aftermath of the
attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were rightfully and thoroughly
examined to honor the memory of the victims and to improve the safety of the men
and women serving our country overseas;



    Whereas the independent Accountability Review Board convened by the U.S.
State Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of
deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas five committees in the U.S. House of Representatives investigated
the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas four committees in the U.S. Senate investigated the events in
Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas in each fiscal year, more than $4 billion is appropriated to run the
Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine
Congressional committees to investigate the events in Benghazi, none of which
produced any evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas after the exhaustive, thorough, and costly investigations by nine
Congressional committees and the independent Accountability Review Board found
no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted
on using taxpayer dollars to fund a new, duplicative ``Select Committee on the
Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,'' (hereafter the
Select Committee) to re-examine the matter;



    Whereas this taxpayer-funded committee was given broad powers to pursue its
investigations, including an unlimited, taxpayer-funded budget and granting the
Chairman the legal authority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without
any debate or a vote;



    Whereas the ongoing Republican-led investigation into the events in Benghazi
is now one of the longest running and least productive investigations in
Congressional history;



    Whereas a widely-quoted statement made on September 29th, 2015 by
Representative Kevin McCarthy, the Republican Leader of the House of
Representatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of
the Select Committee and the House of Representatives as a whole;



    Whereas this statement by Representative McCarthy demonstrates that the
Select Committee established by Republican leaders in the House of
Representatives was created to influence public opinion of a presidential
candidate;



    Whereas the Select Committee has been in existence for 17 months but has
held only three hearings;



    Whereas the Select Committee abandoned its plans to obtain public testimony
from Defense Department and Intelligence Community leaders;



    Whereas the Select Committee excluded Democratic Members from interviews of
witnesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation;



    Whereas information obtained by the Select Committee has been selectively
and inaccurately leaked to influence the electoral standing of a candidate for
public office;



    Whereas such actions represent an abuse of power that demonstrates the
partisan nature of the Select Committee;



    Whereas the Select Committee has spent more than $4.5 million in taxpayer
funds to date to advance its partisan efforts;



    Whereas this amount does not include the costs of the independent
Accountability Review Board; the hearings and reports by nine Congressional
committees; the time, money, and resources consumed by Federal agencies to
comply with Select Committee requests; or the opportunity cost of not spending
this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers
abroad;



    Whereas it is an outrage that more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds have
been used by Republicans in the House of Representatives, not to run the
government, but to interfere inappropriately with an election for president of
the United States;



    Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars by the House of Representatives for
campaign purposes is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law;



    Resolved, That:



    1) this misuse of the official resources of the House of Representatives for
political purposes undermines the integrity of the proceedings of the House and
brings discredit to the House;



 [Page: H6857]  GPO's PDF



    2) the integrity of the proceedings of the House can be fully restored only
by the dissolution of the Select Committee; and



    3) the Select Committee shall be dismantled and is hereby directed to make
public within thirty days transcripts of all unclassified interviews and
depositions it has conducted.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would entertain argument on whether the
resolution qualifies as a question of the privileges of the House.



    Does any Member seek recognition?



    If not, the Chair will rule.



    The gentlewoman from New York seeks to offer a resolution as a question of
the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution alleges that a select
committee established by order of the House has misused House resources for a
political purpose and proposes to dismantle the select committee.



    In evaluating the resolution under rule IX, the Chair must determine whether
the resolution affects ``the rights of the House collectively, its safety,
dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.'' In addition, Cannon's
Precedents, volume 6, section 395 cites the precedent of September 24, 1917, for
the proposition that ``the presence of unprivileged matter destroys the
privilege of a resolution otherwise privileged.'' That ruling is the foundation
for the principle that either the entire resolution is privileged, or none of it
is.



    Section 706 of the House Rules and Manual documents several precedents
holding that a resolution alleging a question of the privileges of the House may
not collaterally challenge a rule of the House.



    One such precedent occurred on January 23, 1984. On that date, Speaker
O'Neill ruled that a resolution directing a change in political ratios of
committee membership did not qualify as a question of privilege because that
issue could be otherwise presented to the House in a privileged manner. The
Speaker noted that the resolution itself did not constitute a change in the
rules of the House, but nevertheless held that the resolution did not qualify
because it presented a collateral challenge to an adopted rule of the House.



    The Chair would also note the events of January 31, 1996, when a resolution
directing the Speaker to withdraw an invitation for a foreign head of state to
address a joint meeting of Congress was held not to present a question of
privilege because it proposed a collateral change in a previous order of the
House.



    In each of these cases, the crucial question was whether the resolution
presented a collateral challenge to an existing rule or order of the House.



    The resolution offered by the gentlewoman from New York proposes to
dismantle the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist
Attack in Benghazi, which was established in the 114th Congress by section 4(a)
of House Resolution 5, adopted by the House on January 6, 2015. The resolution
presents a collateral challenge to that order of the House. As such, the
resolution does not constitute a question of the privileges of the House.



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?



    MOTION TO TABLE



    Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the appeal on the table.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table.



    The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes
appeared to have it.



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.



    The yeas and nays were ordered.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15-minute
vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adoption of
House Resolution 462.



    The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 240, nays 183,
not voting 11, as follows:

 [Roll No. 536]

 YEAS--240



    Abraham



    Aderholt



    Allen



    Amash



    Amodei



    Babin



    Barletta



    Barr



    Barton



    Benishek



    Bilirakis



    Bishop (MI)



    Bishop (UT)



    Black



    Blackburn



    Blum



    Bost



    Boustany



    Brady (TX)



    Brat



    Bridenstine



    Brooks (AL)



    Brooks (IN)



    Buchanan



    Buck



    Bucshon



    Burgess



    Byrne



    Calvert



    Carter (GA)



    Carter (TX)



    Chabot



    Chaffetz



    Clawson (FL)



    Coffman



    Cole



    Collins (GA)



    Collins (NY)



    Comstock



    Conaway



    Cook



    Costello (PA)



    Cramer



    Crawford



    Crenshaw



    Culberson



    Curbelo (FL)



    Davis, Rodney



    Denham



    Dent



    DeSantis



    DesJarlais



    Diaz-Balart



    Dold



    Donovan



    Duffy



    Duncan (SC)



    Duncan (TN)



    Ellmers (NC)



    Emmer (MN)



    Farenthold



    Fincher



    Fitzpatrick



    Fleischmann



    Fleming



    Flores



    Forbes



    Fortenberry



    Foxx



    Franks (AZ)



    Frelinghuysen



    Garrett



    Gibbs



    Gibson



    Gohmert



    Goodlatte



    Gosar



    Gowdy



    Graves (GA)



    Graves (LA)



    Graves (MO)



    Griffith



    Grothman



    Guinta



    Guthrie



    Hanna



    Hardy



    Harper



    Harris



    Hartzler



    Heck (NV)



    Hensarling



    Herrera Beutler



    Hice, Jody B.



    Hill



    Holding



    Huelskamp



    Huizenga (MI)



    Hultgren



    Hunter



    Hurd (TX)



    Hurt (VA)



    Issa



    Jenkins (KS)



    Jenkins (WV)



    Johnson (OH)



    Johnson, Sam



    Jolly



    Jones



    Jordan



    Joyce



    Katko



    Kelly (MS)



    Kelly (PA)



    King (IA)



    King (NY)



    Kinzinger (IL)



    Kline



    Knight



    Labrador



    LaHood



    LaMalfa



    Lamborn



    Lance



    Latta



    LoBiondo



    Long



    Loudermilk



    Love



    Lucas



    Luetkemeyer



    MacArthur



    Marchant



    Marino



    Massie



    McCarthy



    McCaul



    McClintock



    McHenry



    McKinley



    McMorris Rodgers



    McSally



    Meadows



    Meehan



    Messer



    Mica



    Miller (FL)



    Miller (MI)



    Moolenaar



    Mooney (WV)



    Mullin



    Mulvaney



    Murphy (PA)



    Neugebauer



    Newhouse



    Noem



    Nugent



    Nunes



    Olson



    Palazzo



    Palmer



    Paulsen



    Pearce



    Perry



    Pittenger



    Pitts



    Poe (TX)



    Poliquin



    Pompeo



    Posey



    Price, Tom



    Ratcliffe



    Reed



    Reichert



    Renacci



    Ribble



    Rice (SC)



    Rigell



    Roby



    Roe (TN)



    Rogers (AL)



    Rogers (KY)



    Rohrabacher



    Rokita



    Rooney (FL)



    Ros-Lehtinen



    Roskam



    Ross



    Rothfus



    Rouzer



    Royce



    Russell



    Ryan (WI)



    Salmon



    Sanford



    Scalise



    Schweikert



    Scott, Austin



    Sensenbrenner



    Sessions



    Shimkus



    Shuster



    Simpson



    Smith (MO)



    Smith (NE)



    Smith (NJ)



    Stefanik



    Stewart



    Stivers



    Stutzman



    Thompson (PA)



    Thornberry



    Tiberi



    Tipton



    Trott



    Turner



    Upton



    Valadao



    Wagner



    Walberg



    Walden



    Walker



    Walters, Mimi



    Weber (TX)



    Webster (FL)



    Wenstrup



    Westerman



    Westmoreland



    Whitfield



    Wilson (SC)



    Wittman



    Womack



    Woodall



    Yoder



    Yoho



    Young (AK)



    Young (IA)



    Young (IN)



    Zeldin



    Zinke

 NAYS--183



    Adams



    Aguilar



    Ashford



    Bass



    Beatty



    Becerra



    Bera



    Beyer



    Bishop (GA)



    Blumenauer



    Bonamici



    Boyle, Brendan F.



    Brady (PA)



    Brown (FL)



    Brownley (CA)



    Bustos



    Butterfield



    Capps



    Capuano



    C&aacute;rdenas



    Carney



    Carson (IN)



    Cartwright



    Castor (FL)



    Castro (TX)



    Chu, Judy



    Cicilline



    Clark (MA)



    Clarke (NY)



    Clay



    Cleaver



    Clyburn



    Cohen



    Connolly



    Conyers



    Cooper



    Costa



    Courtney



    Crowley



    Cuellar



    Cummings



    Davis (CA)



    Davis, Danny



    DeFazio



    DeGette



    Delaney



    DeLauro



    DelBene



    DeSaulnier



    Deutch



    Doggett



    Doyle, Michael F.



    Duckworth



    Edwards



    Ellison



    Engel



    Eshoo



    Esty



    Farr



    Fattah



    Foster



    Frankel (FL)



    Fudge



    Gabbard



    Gallego



    Garamendi



    Graham



    Grayson



    Green, Al



    Green, Gene



    Grijalva



    Guti&eacute;rrez



    Hahn



    Hastings



    Heck (WA)



    Higgins



    Himes



    Honda



    Hoyer



    Huffman



    Israel



    Jackson Lee



    Jeffries



    Johnson (GA)



    Johnson, E. B.



    Kaptur



    Keating



    Kelly (IL)



    Kennedy



    Kildee



    Kilmer



    Kind



    Kirkpatrick



    Kuster



    Langevin



    Larsen (WA)



    Larson (CT)



    Lawrence



    Lee



    Levin



    Lewis



    Lieu, Ted



    Lipinski



    Loebsack



    Lofgren



    Lowenthal



    Lowey



    Lujan Grisham (NM)



    Luj&aacute;n, Ben Ray (NM)



    Lynch



    Maloney, Carolyn



    Maloney, Sean



    Matsui



    McCollum



    McDermott



    McGovern



    McNerney



    Meeks



    Meng



    Moore



    Moulton



    Murphy (FL)



    Nadler



    Napolitano



    Neal



    Nolan



    Norcross



    O'Rourke



    Pallone



    Pascrell



    Pelosi



    Perlmutter



    Peters



    Peterson



    Pingree



    Pocan



    Polis



    Price (NC)



    Quigley



    Rangel



    Rice (NY)



    Richmond



    Roybal-Allard



    Ruiz



    Ruppersberger



    Rush



    Ryan (OH)



    S&aacute;nchez, Linda T.



    Sanchez, Loretta



    Sarbanes



    Schakowsky



    Schiff



    Schrader



    Scott, David



    Serrano



    Sewell (AL)



    Sherman



    Sires



    Slaughter



    Smith (WA)



    Speier



    Swalwell (CA)



    Takai



    Takano



    Thompson (CA)



    Thompson (MS)



    Titus



    Tonko



    Torres



    Tsongas



    Van Hollen



    Vargas



    Veasey



    Vela



    Vel&aacute;zquez



    Visclosky



    Walz



    Wasserman Schultz



    Waters, Maxine



    Watson Coleman



    Welch



    Wilson (FL)



    Yarmuth

 NOT VOTING--11



    Dingell



    Granger



    Hinojosa



    Hudson



    Lummis



    Payne



    Scott (VA)



    Sinema



    Smith (TX)



    Walorski



    Williams







 [Time: 14:13]



    So the motion to table was agreed to.



    The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Washington: RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE -- (House of
Representatives - October 07, 2015)

LENGTH: 2430 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges of the
House and offer the resolution previously noticed.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution.



    The Clerk read as follows:





    Whereas the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11, 2012, took the
lives of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Foreign Service Officer Sean
Smith, and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty;



    Whereas the events leading up to and in the immediate aftermath of the
attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi were rightfully and thoroughly
examined to honor the memory of the victims and to improve the safety of the men
and women serving our country overseas;



    Whereas the independent Accountability Review Board convened by the U.S.
State Department investigated the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of
deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas five committees in the U.S. House of Representatives investigated
the events in Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas four committees in the U.S. Senate investigated the events in
Benghazi and found no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas in each fiscal year, more than $4 billion is appropriated to run the
Congress, with untold amounts of this taxpayer money expended by nine
Congressional committees to investigate the events in Benghazi, none of which
produced any evidence of deliberate wrongdoing;



    Whereas after the exhaustive, thorough, and costly investigations by nine
Congressional committees and the independent Accountability Review Board found
no evidence of deliberate wrongdoing, Republican leaders in the House insisted
on using taxpayer dollars to fund a new, duplicative ``Select Committee on the
Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi,'' (hereafter the
Select Committee) to re-examine the matter;



    Whereas this taxpayer-funded committee was given broad powers to pursue its
investigations, including an unlimited, taxpayer-funded budget and granting the
Chairman the legal authority to subpoena documents and compel testimony without
any debate or a vote;



    Whereas the ongoing Republican-led investigation into the events in Benghazi
is now one of the longest running and least productive investigations in
Congressional history;



    Whereas a widely-quoted statement made on September 29th, 2015 by
Representative Kevin McCarthy, the Republican Leader of the House of
Representatives, has called into question the integrity of the proceedings of
the Select Committee and the House of Representatives as a whole;



    Whereas this statement by Representative McCarthy demonstrates that the
Select Committee established by Republican leaders in the House of
Representatives was created to influence public opinion of a presidential
candidate;



    Whereas the Select Committee has been in existence for 17 months but has
held only three hearings;



    Whereas the Select Committee abandoned its plans to obtain public testimony
from Defense Department and Intelligence Community leaders;



    Whereas the Select Committee excluded Democratic Members from interviews of
witnesses who provided exculpatory information related to its investigation;



    Whereas information obtained by the Select Committee has been selectively
and inaccurately leaked to influence the electoral standing of a candidate for
public office;



    Whereas such actions represent an abuse of power that demonstrates the
partisan nature of the Select Committee;



    Whereas the Select Committee has spent more than $4.5 million in taxpayer
funds to date to advance its partisan efforts;



    Whereas this amount does not include the costs of the independent
Accountability Review Board; the hearings and reports by nine Congressional
committees; the time, money, and resources consumed by Federal agencies to
comply with Select Committee requests; or the opportunity cost of not spending
this money elsewhere, such as improving security for our diplomatic officers
abroad;



    Whereas it is an outrage that more than $4.5 million in taxpayer funds have
been used by Republicans in the House of Representatives, not to run the
government, but to interfere inappropriately with an election for president of
the United States;



    Whereas the use of taxpayer dollars by the House of Representatives for
campaign purposes is a violation of the Rules of the House and Federal law;



    Resolved, That:



    1) this misuse of the official resources of the House of Representatives for
political purposes undermines the integrity of the proceedings of the House and
brings discredit to the House;



 [Page: H6857]  GPO's PDF



    2) the integrity of the proceedings of the House can be fully restored only
by the dissolution of the Select Committee; and



    3) the Select Committee shall be dismantled and is hereby directed to make
public within thirty days transcripts of all unclassified interviews and
depositions it has conducted.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would entertain argument on whether the
resolution qualifies as a question of the privileges of the House.



    Does any Member seek recognition?



    If not, the Chair will rule.



    The gentlewoman from New York seeks to offer a resolution as a question of
the privileges of the House under rule IX. The resolution alleges that a select
committee established by order of the House has misused House resources for a
political purpose and proposes to dismantle the select committee.



    In evaluating the resolution under rule IX, the Chair must determine whether
the resolution affects ``the rights of the House collectively, its safety,
dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings.'' In addition, Cannon's
Precedents, volume 6, section 395 cites the precedent of September 24, 1917, for
the proposition that ``the presence of unprivileged matter destroys the
privilege of a resolution otherwise privileged.'' That ruling is the foundation
for the principle that either the entire resolution is privileged, or none of it
is.



    Section 706 of the House Rules and Manual documents several precedents
holding that a resolution alleging a question of the privileges of the House may
not collaterally challenge a rule of the House.



    One such precedent occurred on January 23, 1984. On that date, Speaker
O'Neill ruled that a resolution directing a change in political ratios of
committee membership did not qualify as a question of privilege because that
issue could be otherwise presented to the House in a privileged manner. The
Speaker noted that the resolution itself did not constitute a change in the
rules of the House, but nevertheless held that the resolution did not qualify
because it presented a collateral challenge to an adopted rule of the House.



    The Chair would also note the events of January 31, 1996, when a resolution
directing the Speaker to withdraw an invitation for a foreign head of state to
address a joint meeting of Congress was held not to present a question of
privilege because it proposed a collateral change in a previous order of the
House.



    In each of these cases, the crucial question was whether the resolution
presented a collateral challenge to an existing rule or order of the House.



    The resolution offered by the gentlewoman from New York proposes to
dismantle the Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist
Attack in Benghazi, which was established in the 114th Congress by section 4(a)
of House Resolution 5, adopted by the House on January 6, 2015. The resolution
presents a collateral challenge to that order of the House. As such, the
resolution does not constitute a question of the privileges of the House.



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?



    MOTION TO TABLE



    Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the appeal on the table.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table.



    The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes
appeared to have it.



    Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.



    The yeas and nays were ordered.



    The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15-minute
vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adoption of
House Resolution 462.



    The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were--yeas 240, nays 183,
not voting 11, as follows:

 [Roll No. 536]

 YEAS--240



    Abraham



    Aderholt



    Allen



    Amash



    Amodei



    Babin



    Barletta



    Barr



    Barton



    Benishek



    Bilirakis



    Bishop (MI)



    Bishop (UT)



    Black



    Blackburn



    Blum



    Bost



    Boustany



    Brady (TX)



    Brat



    Bridenstine



    Brooks (AL)



    Brooks (IN)



    Buchanan



    Buck



    Bucshon



    Burgess



    Byrne



    Calvert



    Carter (GA)



    Carter (TX)



    Chabot



    Chaffetz



    Clawson (FL)



    Coffman



    Cole



    Collins (GA)



    Collins (NY)



    Comstock



    Conaway



    Cook



    Costello (PA)



    Cramer



    Crawford



    Crenshaw



    Culberson



    Curbelo (FL)



    Davis, Rodney



    Denham



    Dent



    DeSantis



    DesJarlais



    Diaz-Balart



    Dold



    Donovan



    Duffy



    Duncan (SC)



    Duncan (TN)



    Ellmers (NC)



    Emmer (MN)



    Farenthold



    Fincher



    Fitzpatrick



    Fleischmann



    Fleming



    Flores



    Forbes



    Fortenberry



    Foxx



    Franks (AZ)



    Frelinghuysen



    Garrett



    Gibbs



    Gibson



    Gohmert



    Goodlatte



    Gosar



    Gowdy



    Graves (GA)



    Graves (LA)



    Graves (MO)



    Griffith



    Grothman



    Guinta



    Guthrie



    Hanna



    Hardy



    Harper



    Harris



    Hartzler



    Heck (NV)



    Hensarling



    Herrera Beutler



    Hice, Jody B.



    Hill



    Holding



    Huelskamp



    Huizenga (MI)



    Hultgren



    Hunter



    Hurd (TX)



    Hurt (VA)



    Issa



    Jenkins (KS)



    Jenkins (WV)



    Johnson (OH)



    Johnson, Sam



    Jolly



    Jones



    Jordan



    Joyce



    Katko



    Kelly (MS)



    Kelly (PA)



    King (IA)



    King (NY)



    Kinzinger (IL)



    Kline



    Knight



    Labrador



    LaHood



    LaMalfa



    Lamborn



    Lance



    Latta



    LoBiondo



    Long



    Loudermilk



    Love



    Lucas



    Luetkemeyer



    MacArthur



    Marchant



    Marino



    Massie



    McCarthy



    McCaul



    McClintock



    McHenry



    McKinley



    McMorris Rodgers



    McSally



    Meadows



    Meehan



    Messer



    Mica



    Miller (FL)



    Miller (MI)



    Moolenaar



    Mooney (WV)



    Mullin



    Mulvaney



    Murphy (PA)



    Neugebauer



    Newhouse



    Noem



    Nugent



    Nunes



    Olson



    Palazzo



    Palmer



    Paulsen



    Pearce



    Perry



    Pittenger



    Pitts



    Poe (TX)



    Poliquin



    Pompeo



    Posey



    Price, Tom



    Ratcliffe



    Reed



    Reichert



    Renacci



    Ribble



    Rice (SC)



    Rigell



    Roby



    Roe (TN)



    Rogers (AL)



    Rogers (KY)



    Rohrabacher



    Rokita



    Rooney (FL)



    Ros-Lehtinen



    Roskam



    Ross



    Rothfus



    Rouzer



    Royce



    Russell



    Ryan (WI)



    Salmon



    Sanford



    Scalise



    Schweikert



    Scott, Austin



    Sensenbrenner



    Sessions



    Shimkus



    Shuster



    Simpson



    Smith (MO)



    Smith (NE)



    Smith (NJ)



    Stefanik



    Stewart



    Stivers



    Stutzman



    Thompson (PA)



    Thornberry



    Tiberi



    Tipton



    Trott



    Turner



    Upton



    Valadao



    Wagner



    Walberg



    Walden



    Walker



    Walters, Mimi



    Weber (TX)



    Webster (FL)



    Wenstrup



    Westerman



    Westmoreland



    Whitfield



    Wilson (SC)



    Wittman



    Womack



    Woodall



    Yoder



    Yoho



    Young (AK)



    Young (IA)



    Young (IN)



    Zeldin



    Zinke

 NAYS--183



    Adams



    Aguilar



    Ashford



    Bass



    Beatty



    Becerra



    Bera



    Beyer



    Bishop (GA)



    Blumenauer



    Bonamici



    Boyle, Brendan F.



    Brady (PA)



    Brown (FL)



    Brownley (CA)



    Bustos



    Butterfield



    Capps



    Capuano



    C&aacute;rdenas



    Carney



    Carson (IN)



    Cartwright



    Castor (FL)



    Castro (TX)



    Chu, Judy



    Cicilline



    Clark (MA)



    Clarke (NY)



    Clay



    Cleaver



    Clyburn



    Cohen



    Connolly



    Conyers



    Cooper



    Costa



    Courtney



    Crowley



    Cuellar



    Cummings



    Davis (CA)



    Davis, Danny



    DeFazio



    DeGette



    Delaney



    DeLauro



    DelBene



    DeSaulnier



    Deutch



    Doggett



    Doyle, Michael F.



    Duckworth



    Edwards



    Ellison



    Engel



    Eshoo



    Esty



    Farr



    Fattah



    Foster



    Frankel (FL)



    Fudge



    Gabbard



    Gallego



    Garamendi



    Graham



    Grayson



    Green, Al



    Green, Gene



    Grijalva



    Guti&eacute;rrez



    Hahn



    Hastings



    Heck (WA)



    Higgins



    Himes



    Honda



    Hoyer



    Huffman



    Israel



    Jackson Lee



    Jeffries



    Johnson (GA)



    Johnson, E. B.



    Kaptur



    Keating



    Kelly (IL)



    Kennedy



    Kildee



    Kilmer



    Kind



    Kirkpatrick



    Kuster



    Langevin



    Larsen (WA)



    Larson (CT)



    Lawrence



    Lee



    Levin



    Lewis



    Lieu, Ted



    Lipinski



    Loebsack



    Lofgren



    Lowenthal



    Lowey



    Lujan Grisham (NM)



    Luj&aacute;n, Ben Ray (NM)



    Lynch



    Maloney, Carolyn



    Maloney, Sean



    Matsui



    McCollum



    McDermott



    McGovern



    McNerney



    Meeks



    Meng



    Moore



    Moulton



    Murphy (FL)



    Nadler



    Napolitano



    Neal



    Nolan



    Norcross



    O'Rourke



    Pallone



    Pascrell



    Pelosi



    Perlmutter



    Peters



    Peterson



    Pingree



    Pocan



    Polis



    Price (NC)



    Quigley



    Rangel



    Rice (NY)



    Richmond



    Roybal-Allard



    Ruiz



    Ruppersberger



    Rush



    Ryan (OH)



    S&aacute;nchez, Linda T.



    Sanchez, Loretta



    Sarbanes



    Schakowsky



    Schiff



    Schrader



    Scott, David



    Serrano



    Sewell (AL)



    Sherman



    Sires



    Slaughter



    Smith (WA)



    Speier



    Swalwell (CA)



    Takai



    Takano



    Thompson (CA)



    Thompson (MS)



    Titus



    Tonko



    Torres



    Tsongas



    Van Hollen



    Vargas



    Veasey



    Vela



    Vel&aacute;zquez



    Visclosky



    Walz



    Wasserman Schultz



    Waters, Maxine



    Watson Coleman



    Welch



    Wilson (FL)



    Yarmuth

 NOT VOTING--11



    Dingell



    Granger



    Hinojosa



    Hudson



    Lummis



    Payne



    Scott (VA)



    Sinema



    Smith (TX)



    Walorski



    Williams







 [Time: 14:13]



    So the motion to table was agreed to.



    The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday
                                 First EDITION

Whistle-blowers soon eligible for big cash

BYLINE: Marcy Gordon, The Associated Press

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 419 words


Whistle-blowers who report corporate fraud or other misconduct to the government
could receive sizable cash awards under new rules adopted Wednesday by federal
regulators.

Tipsters would be eligible if they give the Securities and Exchange Commission
information that leads to an enforcement action resulting in more than $1
million in penalties. The SEC would pay up to 30% of the money it recovers from
a company or person.

A divided SEC voted 3-2 to adopt the whistle-blower program. The two Republican
commissioners objected.

The new rules will take effect in about 60 days.

The whistle-blower program was mandated by the financial overhaul law enacted
last year. It was contested by big U.S. companies, such as AT&T, Best Buy,
FedEx, Google, Target and Verizon, in addition to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.

They argued that whistle-blowers should first have to tell their companies of
misconduct and give them a chance to correct problems before informing the SEC.
Otherwise, the corporations contend, it will take longer to address wrongdoing.

On the other side, advocates and lawyers for whistle-blowers say they would be
discouraged from reporting wrongdoing if required to inform company officials
first.

The new rules would seek to discourage employees from bypassing their companies'
compliance programs. Once employees report potential wrongdoing to their
company, the SEC would officially designate them as whistle-blowers, potentially
eligible for awards  provided they give the SEC the same information within 120
days.

In addition, the SEC will credit whistle-blowers whose companies pass their
information to the agency, even if the whistle-blowers themselves do not. That
way, whistle-blowers could receive awards by reporting wrongdoing internally to
their companies.

The new rules represent the first time that whistle-blowers will be given a
financial incentive to report misconduct to company authorities, SEC Chairman
Mary Schapiro said before the vote. She said the new rules strike a balance
between encouraging whistle-blowers to pursue internal compliance  and giving
them the option to go directly to the SEC.

Under the  program, if an insider at Goldman Sachs had given the SEC information
leading to the $550 million civil fraud settlement with Goldman over its
marketing of mortgage securities, that person could have collected up to $165
million.

"The SEC has chosen to put trial-lawyer profits ahead of effective compliance
and corporate governance," the Chamber of Commerce said after the vote.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 14, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

While Panel Digs Deeper, Journeymen Put Up Fight

BYLINE: By GEOFFREY GRAY

SECTION: Section 8; Column 6; Sports Desk; BOXING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 704 words


They called themselves the Knucklehead Boxing Club. When they could find a
fight, they squished into Sean Gibbons's white Honda hatchback and drove to
shows in Iowa, Kansas and Missouri. The bouts were short and purses were about
$100 a round, enough to pay for some beers after the fight and the rest of that
month's rent. To save money, they drove through the night and slept in the car,
parking on the side of the road.

Buck Smith had the best record, so he got to sleep in the front passenger seat.
Verdell Smith, the journeyman, was in the back seat. Gibbons, the manager,
matchmaker and sometimes last-minute replacement, was always in the driver's
seat. Gibbons drove the Knuckleheads everywhere -- he was the captain. The most
desirable route was from their homes in Oklahoma to Las Vegas and back. They
made so many trips, Gibbons said, he put more than 300,000 miles on the Honda.

Now, about a decade later, the Knucklehead alumni -- Smith, Smith and Gibbons --
have been reunited in Las Vegas, this time for a criminal investigation into the
boxing industry. For more than two years, law enforcement officials have looked
to uncover evidence of fight fixing and the forging of medical records. Fight
fixing is a federal crime, carrying a maximum sentence of five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine per count.

On May 2, Verdell Smith and Buck Smith appeared before a federal grand jury in
Las Vegas. They exercised their Fifth Amendment rights to avoid
self-incrimination, Buck Smith said.

He denied any wrongdoing. His fights were not big enough to bet on in Las Vegas.
''We're just the little fish in the pond, man,'' said Smith, a 40-year-old
former welterweight from Oklahoma City who retired recently with a record of
178-16-2.

Verdell Smith of Bartlesville, Okla., has also denied any wrongdoing. In his
60-plus defeats -- Verdell played the role of traveling ''opponent'' -- he said
he never took a dive. But if he was taking a beating from a young, hard-punching
up-and-comer, Verdell said, he would not get keep fighting, fearing further
injury.

''I'm not going to risk my brain and my kids to prove anything,'' Verdell Smith
said in an interview in May 2004. ''I fight, I get paid and I go home. That's
all I do.''

The grand jury hearings are the latest chapter in an investigation that has sent
a chill through the scandal-prone boxing industry, most notably in its capital,
Las Vegas. The investigation became public in January 2004, when agents in Las
Vegas raided the office of Top Rank, one of the sport's biggest companies, run
by a top promoter, Bob Arum, 74.

Gibbons has denied any wrongdoing, and he declined to comment on the grand jury
hearings.

Verdell Smith, 42, still makes his living as an opponent. He has lost seven
consecutive fights in the last year, mostly in other jurisdictions, like Mexico
and Canada, because United States promoters have been reluctant to hire a boxer
linked to a criminal probe.

Buck Smith is expected back in Las Vegas this month to testify again. His
lawyer, Bill Zuhde of Oklahoma City, said he thought the government's case was
misguided. The federal agents, Zuhde said, are under the impression that most
matches in boxing are fixed, but they are in fact simply mismatches that are
designed to boost a fighter's record.

To become marketable to a television network, a boxer must rack up as many
victories as possible. To do that in the Midwest, where boxing is barren, the
Knuckleheads fought so often that they often fought one another. Buck Smith and
Verdell Smith fought each other at least 10 times. They stuffed their cash in
their socks or inside their athletic supporters because there were no locker
rooms in some of the places they fought -- Paducah, Ky.; Bozeman, Mont.; and
Goodlettsville, Tenn.

Gibbons's Honda kept moving, town by town, round by round. World-class fighters
typically box in two or three bouts a year, but Buck Smith once fought 12 times
in one month -- in Kansas, Indiana, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee and Oklahoma.
One night, he fought twice in two states. He did not change trunks between
matches. He won both matches.

''That's an honor, man,'' Buck Smith said. ''That's straight fighting pride
right there.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      February 3, 2017 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Michael Kelly, Partner, Hogan Lovells US LLP to Speak at The Knowledge Group's
Webcast

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 498  words


New York, NY,  February 03, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, has announced today that Michael Kelly, Partner will speak at the
Knowledge Group's webcast entitled: "The Yates Memo and the Evolving FCPA
Enforcement Paradigm in the 2017 Landscape Live Webcast." This event is
scheduled for February 7, 2017 from 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm (ET).

For further details, please visit:

https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2279

About Michael Kelly

Michael P. Kelly is a partner at the law firm of Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP and
represents corporations and individuals in a wide range of matters involving
federal criminal law. He has defended companies and individuals facing criminal
cases and investigations brought by the United States Department of Justice. He
has helped boards of directors and corporations respond to allegations of
potentially illegal conduct, including through extensive, thorough, and swift
internal investigations. He works from the firm's Washington, D.C. office, and
represents clients in matters nationally and internationally.

About Hogan Lovells US LLP

Straight talking. Understanding and solving the problem before it becomes one.
Delivering clear and practical advice that gets your job done. Hogan Lovells
offers extensive experience and insights gained from working in some of the
world's most complex legal environments and markets for corporations, financial
institutions, and governments. Hogan Lovells helps you identify and mitigate
risk and make the most of opportunities. The firm's 2,500 lawyers on six
continents provide practical legal solutions wherever your work takes you.

Event Synopsis:

Last September 2015, the Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates released a memo
entitled "Individual Accountability for Corporate Wrongdoing," now known as the
"Yates Memo," to provide a strengthened focus on individual liability for
alleged corporate wrongdoing.

In this live Webcast, a seasoned panel of thought leaders and professionals
assembled by The Knowledge Group will help the audience understand all the
important issues surrounding the Yates Memo and the evolving FCPA enforcement
landscape. Speakers will provide the audience with the fundamentals as well as
recent developments with regard to this significant topic.

Key topics include:

- Yates Memo - An Overview

- FCPA Enforcement Trends

- SEC Broken Windows Enforcement

- Trends and Developments

- What Lies Ahead in 2017?

About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased,
objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and
regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to
deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in
a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit:
http://theknowledgegroup.org

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 15, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Enron Wizard Admits Conspiracy

BYLINE: Carrie Johnson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 1062 words


The mastermind behind secretive partnerships that led to the collapse of Enron
Corp. pleaded guilty yesterday to two conspiracy charges and agreed to help
investigators learn what the company's top executives knew about its crumbling
finances.

Andrew S. Fastow, 42, is the highest-ranking Enron executive to admit wrongdoing
and cooperate with prosecutors, who continue to investigate widespread earnings
manipulation at the Houston energy company. In a courtroom packed with relatives
and former Enron employees, the former chief financial officer admitted to
working with unidentified co-conspirators to cook Enron's books and to keeping
more than $45 million for himself.

Under the terms of the settlement, he will serve 10 years in prison and three
years on probation. Legal experts said the 10-year term was unusually stiff for
a white-collar criminal who agreed to help prosecutors. At a Washington news
conference, Deputy Attorney General Jim Comey called the sentence "unheard of."

Fastow will remain free on $5 million bond while he assists prosecutors. He and
his wife, Lea W. Fastow, who pleaded guilty to a tax charge yesterday, will be
sentenced later this year. The couple, their family foundation and other
relatives also agreed to forfeit $29 million, including property in Galveston,
Tex., and Vermont, and cash in brokerage accounts, to resolve Justice Department
and Securities and Exchange Commission charges.

Investigators said the Fastow deal was the biggest break yet in their
two-year-old probe. Leslie R. Caldwell, head of the Justice Department's Enron
Task Force, said in Houston that for the first time, prosecutors "have a seat on
the 50th floor of Enron. Whatever Andrew Fastow knows about what happened at
Enron . . . the task force will now know as well."

The primary focus of investigators remains what former chief executive Jeffrey
K. Skilling and former chairman Kenneth L. Lay knew about Enron's troubles at
the same time they made optimistic public statements about the company's
financial health and were selling Enron stock. Neither has been charged with
wrongdoing. Bruce A. Hiler, a lawyer for Skilling, and Mike Ramsey, an attorney
for Lay, said that if Fastow tells the truth, their clients will be exonerated.

Skilling denied knowledge of many of Enron's financial practices in 2002
appearances before Congress, and sources briefed on the case said investigators
might compare his testimony with information Fastow can offer about Skilling's
involvement in decision-making.

"What you can read into this plea is a belief on the part of the government that
Andrew Fastow will shed light into the darkest corners of the Enron scandal and
hand up to them at least Jeff Skilling and possibly Ken Lay," said Robert A.
Mintz, a former prosecutor who has been following the case. "The chief financial
officer is generally the most critical player in a financial scandal. He is
essentially in the catbird seat and should know where the bodies are buried."

Fastow invented secretive business partnerships and used them to conceal Enron's
mounting debt and protect the company's credit rating -- and to reap tens of
millions of dollars for himself and his relatives, according to congressional
testimony.

Fastow didn't hide his dealmaking creativity from others at Enron or the rest of
the financial world. In 1999, CFO magazine lauded his "unique financing
techniques" and quoted Skilling as backing the aggressive strategies, which
helped boost Enron's stock price.

When outside auditors finally leaned on Enron to restructure some of the deals
to follow accounting rules, the disclosure of the company's rising debt and
Fastow's self-dealing in the business partnerships sent the stock in a tailspin,
pushing one of the nation's largest energy firms into bankruptcy protection in
December 2001 and resulting in the loss of thousands of jobs and billions of
dollars for shareholders.

Enron has yet to recover from the nosedive. Its bankruptcy lawyers in New York
this summer hope to move forward with a plan to restructure the company that
would give investors back about 20 cents on the dollar. Stockholders also are
suing Fastow, Skilling, Lay and other former Enron executives.

Fastow already has given prosecutors evidence against former Enron chief
accounting officer Richard A. Causey, who could surrender to face criminal
charges as early as next week, sources said. Fastow's plea agreement, released
yesterday, said he had an unwritten agreement with Causey guaranteeing one of
Fastow's partnerships a profit at Enron's expense.

By virtue of his place in Skilling's inner circle and his close dealings with
the heads of Enron's operating units, Causey is a central figure in any case
that prosecutors would make with the theory that Enron's earnings were
manipulated for years. Causey's attorney, Reid H. Weingarten, said his client
followed the law and accounting rules.

Regulators continue to investigate other Enron executives, particularly those
involved in a 1999 deal to sell energy-generating barges to Merrill Lynch & Co.
to help Enron meet earnings targets. Sources said Fastow also may provide
information about allegedly improper dealings he had with Wall Street bankers
and others in the investment business.

Fastow already has paid taxes on some of his gains and much of the money he
collected from Enron has since been used to pay his lawyers, sources said.

His public admission of guilt can be used by plaintiff lawyers in shareholder
lawsuits to wrest more money from the couple in the coming years, experts said.

The Fastows' plea agreements were supposed to be filed in court last week, but
were held up when U.S. District Judge David Hittner indicated that he might give
Lea Fastow a stiffer sentence than the five months in prison that prosecutors
agreed to recommend.

Yesterday, under virtually the same conditions, Hittner accepted her guilty plea
to one count of filing a false tax return for failing to report $141,000 in
income from one of her husband's off-the-books partnerships. The judge ordered
court employees to conduct a background investigation before he sentences her.
Lea Fastow's maximum sentence would 16 months, but she is likely to serve much
of that time in home detention, lawyers involved in the case said.

Special correspondent Aaron Katersky contributed to this report from Houston.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post
