
                               1 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Racist Police Emails Put Florida Cases in Doubt

BYLINE: By FRANCES ROBLES

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1208 words


KEY WEST, Fla. --  The Miami-Dade state attorney's office is combing through
more than 150 criminal cases of black suspects arrested by Miami Beach police
officers who wrote or received racist emails, the latest in a series of
high-profile episodes around the nation that have raised troubling questions
about the relations between the police and the communities they serve.

Two ranking officers at the Miami Beach Police Department sent about 230 emails
that contained racist and sexist jokes and pornography from 2010-12, Chief Dan
Oates announced Thursday. A former police captain, who had been demoted to
lieutenant, was fired, and a major retired before the investigation was made
public.

Fourteen other officers received the emails, the police department said.

The episode, which follows the release of racist or homophobic emails in
Ferguson, Mo.; San Francisco; and Fort Lauderdale, adds another level of discord
to the often-strained relations between the police and minority groups. Officers
in Edison, N.J.; Seattle; Baton Rouge, La.; and Casselberry, Fla., have also
been fired or disciplined over racist text and email messages, a wave that some
experts believe indicates a culture in which officers are comfortable expressing
racist views.

The episodes also raise questions about whether an officer's flippant attitude
about race manifests itself on the streets.

''This behavior serves to belittle the people that we serve,'' Katherine
Fernandez Rundle, the Miami-Dade County state attorney, said at a news
conference Thursday. ''They belittle women, and they belittle minorities.''

A review of about a million emails showed that from 2010-12, the supervisors had
forwarded racist memes and jokes mocking blacks, women, President Obama and
Mexicans. One photo of a baby in a bassinet, purporting to put to rest questions
about Mr. Obama's place of birth, showed a baby in a Kentucky Fried Chicken
bucket. One meme showed a ''Black Monopoly'' board game on which each square had
a police officer directing the player to ''go to jail.''

The state attorney's office found that the officers involved were listed as
witnesses in 540 cases, including 97 that are pending. The majority of the
defendants were white or Hispanic.

In the 162 cases in which the defendant was listed as black, the state
attorney's office is conducting a review to determine whether the case relied
solely on the testimony of an officer whose conduct is being called into
question. The emails raise the possibility that prosecutors will have to reopen
closed cases in which the officers played an important role, said the state
attorney's spokesman, Ed Griffith. ''If there are indications of some kind of
bias, if there is a pattern, then clearly we have to remedy that,'' Mr. Griffith
said.

Eugene G. Gibbons, a lawyer who represents the fired lieutenant, Alex Carulo,
said his client's dismissal was unfair, because the initial internal affairs
investigation had been presented to a previous police chief two years ago. That
chief, Raymond Martinez, had issued a written reprimand to the major, Angel
Vasquez, and the emails stopped. Mr. Carulo was demoted last year when Mr. Oates
took over, and this week he was fired.

Mr. Gibbons questioned the decision to release the emails just before Urban
Beach Week, an annual hip-hop festival in Miami Beach over Memorial Day weekend,
which has been marred by clashes between the police and partygoers. In 2011,
eight Miami Beach police officers fired at a reckless driver, killing him and
wounding several bystanders.

''It's a powder keg for these people, and they self-created it,'' Mr. Gibbons
said.

Robert Jenkins, president of the Miami Beach Fraternal Order of Police, agreed.
''The people who are coming on Memorial Day are not police-friendly,'' Mr.
Jenkins said. ''Sometimes we feel there's an attitude of 'them and us,' and this
is going to add to the tensions.''

Mr. Gibbons stressed that dozens of people, including assistant chiefs and
majors, had received or forwarded the offensive emails, which he said indicated
widespread but harmless activity.

''That was the culture back then,'' Mr. Vasquez, the retired major, told the
local CBS channel last year. ''It was just guys emailing each other. There was a
good ol' boy mentality back then.''

Delores Jones-Brown, director of the Center on Race, Crime and Justice at the
John Jay College of Criminal Justice, said that any criminal cases the officers
touched were in jeopardy, because defense lawyers could impeach the credibility
of any officer involved.

''You would want prosecutors to take the lead,'' she said. ''You'd have to look
at the statute to see if the officers violated any harassment and hate crime
statutes. If they did, they can be charged.''

The Broward County, Fla., state attorney's office was forced to drop 11 felony
cases, 23 misdemeanors and one juvenile case after four Fort Lauderdale police
officers were caught sending racists texts, including some that used racial
epithets to refer to suspects they chased. An officer also made a video trailer
featuring actual police dogs and Ku Klux Klan imagery.

All of the defendants in the dropped cases were black, said Ron Ishoy, a
spokesman for the Broward County state attorney. In all of those instances, at
least one of the four officers involved was the principal officer in the arrest,
he said.

''This is a serious matter,'' Mr. Ishoy said in an email. ''Beyond the cases
we've dropped, we continue to review other cases in which these former policemen
were the principal officers involved in the arrest. We will drop charges against
the defendants where it is appropriate.''

Howard Finkelstein, the Broward public defender, said the state attorney and
police investigations did not go far enough. ''Look at the numbers. How is it
possible that in a city that is 31 percent black, 96 percent of the people
stopped walking or biking are black? How is that even possible, statistically?''

His office is reviewing 45 of the officers' cases.

''I can assure you that if people think the beating of black young men is funny,
then they are willing to beat young black men, period, end of story,'' Mr.
Finkelstein said.

''It is not possible for an officer to use hate-filled language and humor, but
only on his private time.''

Marsha Ellison, president of the Fort Lauderdale branch of the N.A.A.C.P., said
the city had reprimanded only low-ranking officers and had not, for example,
disciplined the K-9 officers who allowed their dogs to be used in the video.

''The city wants us to believe that a 22-year-old kid on the force for three
years was the mastermind of all of this,'' she said.

The three Fort Lauderdale officers who were fired are appealing their
dismissals; one resigned. One of the fired men, Christopher Sousa, 25, said he
had sent an apology to the N.A.A.C.P.

''I made a mistake, a huge one, and I am so sorry for it,'' Mr. Sousa said. ''I
understand that some people will never forgive me.''

On Friday, the San Francisco district attorney's office, which is reviewing some
3,000 cases in which one of 14 officers who sent or received offensive texts was
listed as the primary officer, said it had so far dismissed eight criminal
cases.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/16/us/miami-prosecutor-reviews-cases-of-police-of
ficers-who-sent-racist-emails.html

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Chief Dan Oates of the Miami Beach Police, with Katherine
Fernandez Rundle, left, state attorney. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOE RAEDLE/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                               2 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

OPINION: Houston newspaper belittles Mount Airy?

BYLINE: John Peters, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1004 words


Aug. 24--I like to think of myself as a pretty level-headed guy. I don't get
angry too quickly, and even when I do I try to remember to take it easy, wait a
bit before taking any action, and most of all I try to remember not to say
anything I might later regret.

But I'm a little miffed.

No, I'm downright angry, and while I generally write a column on Sundays, I've
decided to pen an extra one this week to share with you the source of my anger.

I'm likewise disappointed in a supposed colleague. Someone who purports to care
about community journalism, who recently wrote a little piece about how people
in his community should rally around their local library and help the kids in
their community.

That's all well and good, but the guy took direct aim at Mount Airy and slammed
our fair city. That's right, he took a couple of underhanded shots at Mayberry,
THE town that much of America idealizes and wants to visit, wishes their
hometown was like.

I supposed, given Mount Airy's status as North Carolina's Favorite Main Street,
the writer at the Houston Chronicle is really taking a little shot at all small
towns in North Carolina.

Let me step back a bit, first, and explain what this is all about. Some of you
may recall a couple of weeks ago I wrote a column about a contest being
sponsored by LEGO and the Association for Library Services to Children, wherein
folks can go online and vote for their favorite community library. When the
contest ends on Oct. 1, whichever library has the most votes will receive $5,000
from LEGO, money to be used for the purchase of books and other materials.

At the time I wrote that, the Mount Airy Public Library was in first place.
Heights Neighborhood Library in Houston, Texas, was in second and Rochester
Hills Public Library, in Rochester, Mich., was in third.

Since then, the Heights library has nudged its way into first, and a Houston
Chronicle writer has taken to urging folks there to vote for that library. I
have no problem with that. But when he stoops to slamming Mount Airy -- well, I
do have a problem with that.

The writer is Martin Hajovsky, and on the Houston Chronicle's website it states
that he "has been an editor and writer at the Houston Chronicle since 1993,"
which is hard to believe given the juvenile nature of his comments.

If you want to see his column, you can check it out here:
http://blog.chron.com/heights/2012/08/heights-library-needs-some-votes/#comments
.

If you're reading the paper version of The Mount Airy News and you can't get to
a computer at present, let me share some of his column:

"Lego (yes, THAT Lego, the best children's toy ever concocted by humans) and the
Association for Library Services to Children, are having an online contest to
give $5,000 to the library branch that secures the most votes nationwide in an
online survey, and right now the Heights Branch is No. 2 on the list behind some
regional library in Mount Airy, North Carolina. (Mount Airy? Pardon me, but what
is this, Pandora?)

Now, I'm sure that's a nice library over there in Mount Up-in-the-Atmosphere,
and nothin' could be finer than to be there when you're in Carolina, but our
Heights branch is easily the best neighborhood library in Houston, the Fourth
(or third, depending on who you ask) Largest City in America. And if anyone is
deserving of this, it's Miss Sara and the fine folks over on Heights Boulevard.
Here's what Miss Sara had to say in her e-mail..."

The "Miss Sara" is the local librarian who presumably wrote Hajovsky asking for
his help in securing votes. Personally, I'd be hiding my face in shame for
having asked help from someone whose apparent default is to take glib little
jabs at Mount Airy in hopes of making his own community library look better.

Now, I don't want to be accused of overreacting, it's not as if he accused
anyone here in Mount Airy of committing crimes, or said specific bad things
about us. But his whole attitude, as if we're not worthy of consideration, that
we're some joke of a town to be made light of, and that our library couldn't
possibly be on par with the one there -- I just find that galling.

Not to mention highly unprofessional.

As I write this, Houston, with a population of 2.1 million, is leading Mount
Airy, population 10,388, by a count of 28,338 votes to 27,742. I don't know,
given the disparity in the populations and the close voting totals, maybe the
good folks in Houston feel belittling the competition is the only chance they
have.

What I do know is that at least one person purporting to be a resident of that
community has already taken exception to Hajovsky's tone. A person who called
himself "Andy" left the following comment after Hajovsky's column:

"I know you are trying to earn money for your neighborhood library by attempting
to be witty and arrogant, but why would that make me want to vote for Houston?
Since Houston is such a large city and Mount Airy is a small one, I am voting
for the one in North Carolina. They need the money more than we do here in
Houston."

I'm not going to sit here and slam the competition -- I'll leave that tactic to
Hajovsky. What I will say is this: I hope this makes you a bit angry as well,
angry enough to make it a point to go to http://readbuildplay.com/ every single
day and vote for Mount Airy.

Encourage your friends and neighbors and relatives to do the same. I don't know
if we can win the competition given Houston's population advantage (although
maybe Hajovsky can write a couple of more columns and turn more Houston-area
residents against his library), but what we can do is show Hajovsky, Houston,
LEGO, and anyone else paying attention that person-for-person, no one rallies
around their community like the folks in Mount Airy.

Why are you still reading this? Go vote.

John Peters is the editor of The Mount Airy News. He can be reached at
jpeters@heartlandpublications.com or at 719-1931.

___ (c)2012 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120824-NI-OPINION-Houston-newspaper-belittles-Mount-Airy-0824-20120824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2012


                               3 of 996 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Casino deregulation / Don't belittle concerns

BYLINE: The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 632 words


Dec. 26--Several current and former lawmakers and regulators are warning about
the pace and potential effects of a bill that radically changes New Jersey's
casino regulatory structure.

Are they right? We don't know. But their calls for caution should be taken
seriously -- not airily dismissed as self-serving, as Gov. Chris Christie did
recently.

At a Senate committee hearing this month, Casino Control Commission Chair Linda
Kassekert -- as well as former lawmakers and Casino Control Commission chairmen
Steven Perskie and James Hurley -- warned that the bill rolling back regulation
was being rushed through the Legislature, with little understanding of the
ramifications. Kassekert in particular warned that the new structure could
jeopardize the integrity of the games, as well as the state's ability to ensure
it gets its proper share of gaming revenue.

Christie dismissed Kassekert as just "trying to protect her own turf." The bill
would strip the CCC of most of its responsibilities and transfer those duties to
the state Division of Gaming Enforcement.

Questioning Kassekert's motives is not only unfair, but it conveniently
sidesteps the substantive issues she and others have raised.

New Jersey's casino regulations could very well use updating. But critics raise
a good point when they say that the process on this deregulation bill has seemed
flawed -- that instead of careful deliberation about the potential effects of
the regulatory reform, the process has seemed driven by a desire to find
monetary savings both to help the city's struggling casinos and to fund an
Atlantic City tourism district and marketing effort.

Yet because of concessions to racetrack interests, that money saved from
deregulation -- which has been estimated at $15 million to $25 million -- is
largely going to the horse-racing industry, not Atlantic City, for three years.
That was an outrageous concession made to horse-racing interests in the
tourism-district bill that passed the Senate last Monday.

Once regulations are loosened, they are difficult or impossible to tighten
again. Ideally, the Legislature would pass the tourism-district bill quickly and
hold the deregulation bill for a short time, allowing further study and a more
careful and complete analysis of potential ramifications: the cost savings, the
number of jobs lost, any problems encountered in other states with looser
gambling regulations, for example.

But the climate in Trenton is far from ideal.

Christie says he wants Atlantic City reform passed as a package. In fact, he is
even refusing to sign a bill that will allow boutique casinos in Atlantic City
until the Legislature passes the deregulation and tourism-district bills -- even
though the boutique-casino bill was never a part of Christie's package of
regulatory reform.

Holding that bill hostage may be good hardball politics, but it's bad policy for
Atlantic City. The Hard Rock hotel chain says it's ready to start on a boutique
hotel in the resort as soon as the bill is law. If the governor truly wants to
help Atlantic City, he should sign the boutique-hotel bill now -- and get a
little momentum going in the resort as soon as possible.

More about Casino

--ARTICLE: Again, horse racing in N.J. / Come on, it's over

--ARTICLE: Guest column / Carl Zeitz / Bill doesn't 'reform' casino regulations
-- it destroys them

--HTML: Where do Atlantic City's casino employees live?

--HTML: Where do Atlantic City's casino employees live?

To see more of The Press of Atlantic City, go to
http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press of Atlantic
City, Pleasantville, N.J. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101226-1AC-EDITORIAL-Casino-deregulation-Don-t-belittle
-concerns-1226-20101226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2010 The Press of Atlantic City


                               4 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            November 13, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Election Not License to Hate

SECTION: OPINION; C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 361  words


Attention, haters: The election of Donald Trump did not grant anyone license to
bully, belittle, assault, abuse or otherwise demonize women, African-Americans,
Hispanics, gays, lesbians, Muslims or anyone else.

If you are out there thinking it's OK to use hateful language because it's no
longer mandatory to be "politically correct," you are wrong.

If you are out there thinking it's OK to bully or belittle someone because of
the way the president-elect conducted himself during the campaign, you are
wrong.

If you think it's OK to touch a woman who doesn't want to be touched, throw
something at a person because you don't like his skin color or threaten someone
because you fear her religion, you have never been more wrong.

We are hoping for the best in the days to come. The vocal haters who drew so
much of the attention at Trump rallies and throughout the campaign clearly were
only a fraction of those drawn to Mr. Trump's vision for America.

But it is also impossible not to see signs of trouble on the horizon, signs that
some see in Mr. Trump's election as a validation - students parading through the
halls of a school in Pennsylvania shouting "white power," racist graffiti in
North Carolina and Minnesota, Nazi messages scrawled in Philadelphia.

If you are a woman, black, gay, Muslim or just about anyone other than a white
male, you have reason to be fearful. It can happen here.

But that's not OK. Not even close.

It's not OK because that's not what America is about. We are a nation of hopes
and dreams and belief in a better future - for everyone. Give us your tired,
your poor, your huddled masses. Those are not just words. They are a sacred
call.

It's not OK because it's against the law. Tuesday night did not change that.

But most of all it's not OK simply because it's not OK and most Americans know
that in their hearts. And it is up to us all to stand up against those who would
spread hate, regardless of who you voted for Tuesday night.

Attention, haters: We're not going to let you get away with it. Regardless of
who won Tuesday night, this isn't your country. This is a country of decency, of
respect and of law. This land is our land. Not yours.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

Presidential terms of office enrich language

BYLINE: by ROB KYFF

LENGTH: 428 words


What do the terms "belittle," "lunatic fringe" and "iffy" have in common? They
were all coined by U.S. presidents. Thomas Jefferson invented "belittle" to
complain that the French were disparaging the natural wonders of North America.
Theodore Roosevelt created "the lunatic fringe" to belittle Cubists and
Impressionists, and Franklin D. Roosevelt devised the term "iffy" to describe
dicey situations.

In a delightful new book "Words from the White House" (Walker & Co., $18),
veteran lexicographer Paul Dickson uncovers scores of words and phrases coined
or popularized by U.S. presidents.

As a creator of words, Jefferson was the neologist in chief. He invented
"Anglophobia," "lengthily," "electioneering," "indecipherable," "monotonously"
and "pedicure." In fact, he coined the verb "neologize."

But when it comes to forging catch phrases, TR was king. Credit Teddy with first
using or popularizing "loose cannon" (to refer to an unpredictable person),
"muckraker" (crusading journalist), "pussy-footer" (pusillanimous politician),
"mollycoddle," "bully pulpit" (the presidency) and "throw one's hat into the
ring."

See whether you can name the president associated with each of these words and
phrases in Dickson's book:

1. Normalcy

2. Military-industrial complex

3. Kitchen cabinet

4. Silent majority

5. OK

6. Watchful waiting

7. Entangling alliances

8. War room

Answers:

1. Warren G. Harding's call for a return to "normalcy" after World War I helped
him win the White House in 1920.

2. Dwight D. Eisenhower warned against the dangers of the "military-industrial
complex" in his 1961 farewell speech.

3. Andrew Jackson's core of backroom cronies and informal advisors became known
as his "kitchen cabinet."

4. Richard Nixon used "silent majority" for Americans who were not involved in
the angry debate about the Vietnam War.

5. Although "OK," meaning "good," didn't originate with Martin Van Buren, it was
used to describe him as an abbreviation of his nickname, "Old Kinderhook."

6. Woodrow Wilson used "watchful waiting" to describe his policy of waiting to
decide whether the United States should recognize Victoriano Huerta as president
of Mexico.

7. Although George Washington warned against foreign involvement, it was
Jefferson who first used "entangling alliances."

8. Advisers to William McKinley invented "war room" for the White House
communications center where the Spanish-American War was planned and managed.

Rob Kyff teaches in West Hartford, Conn. Write to Wordguy@aol.com or Rob Kyff,
Creators Syndicate, 737 Third St., Hermosa Beach, CA 90254.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 25, 2013 Friday

Presidential terms of office enrich language

BYLINE: by ROB KYFF

LENGTH: 428 words


What do the terms "belittle," "lunatic fringe" and "iffy" have in common? They
were all coined by U.S. presidents. Thomas Jefferson invented "belittle" to
complain that the French were disparaging the natural wonders of North America.
Theodore Roosevelt created "the lunatic fringe" to belittle Cubists and
Impressionists, and Franklin D. Roosevelt devised the term "iffy" to describe
dicey situations.

In a delightful new book "Words from the White House" (Walker & Co., $18),
veteran lexicographer Paul Dickson uncovers scores of words and phrases coined
or popularized by U.S. presidents.

As a creator of words, Jefferson was the neologist in chief. He invented
"Anglophobia," "lengthily," "electioneering," "indecipherable," "monotonously"
and "pedicure." In fact, he coined the verb "neologize."

But when it comes to forging catch phrases, TR was king. Credit Teddy with first
using or popularizing "loose cannon" (to refer to an unpredictable person),
"muckraker" (crusading journalist), "pussy-footer" (pusillanimous politician),
"mollycoddle," "bully pulpit" (the presidency) and "throw one's hat into the
ring."

See whether you can name the president associated with each of these words and
phrases in Dickson's book:

1. Normalcy

2. Military-industrial complex

3. Kitchen cabinet

4. Silent majority

5. OK

6. Watchful waiting

7. Entangling alliances

8. War room

Answers:

1. Warren G. Harding's call for a return to "normalcy" after World War I helped
him win the White House in 1920.

2. Dwight D. Eisenhower warned against the dangers of the "military-industrial
complex" in his 1961 farewell speech.

3. Andrew Jackson's core of backroom cronies and informal advisors became known
as his "kitchen cabinet."

4. Richard Nixon used "silent majority" for Americans who were not involved in
the angry debate about the Vietnam War.

5. Although "OK," meaning "good," didn't originate with Martin Van Buren, it was
used to describe him as an abbreviation of his nickname, "Old Kinderhook."

6. Woodrow Wilson used "watchful waiting" to describe his policy of waiting to
decide whether the United States should recognize Victoriano Huerta as president
of Mexico.

7. Although George Washington warned against foreign involvement, it was
Jefferson who first used "entangling alliances."

8. Advisers to William McKinley invented "war room" for the White House
communications center where the Spanish-American War was planned and managed.

Rob Kyff teaches in West Hartford, Conn. Write to Wordguy@aol.com or Rob Kyff,
Creators Syndicate, 737 Third St., Hermosa Beach, CA 90254.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Letter to the editor: Watching democracy

LENGTH: 94 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Watching democracy

Received April 2

You have three sides.

Belittle and brow beat one of those "sides" away.

You have two sides.

Belittle and brow beat one "side" away.

One side left.

You have Republicans, Independents and Democrats.

Belittle and brow beat one one those Parties away.

You have Republicans and Democrats.

Belittle and brow beat one side away.

You are left with Absolute Monarchy.

Democracy is precious. Watching it get ruined.

(Word count: 67)

JANE CAIN

Idaho Falls

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 23, 2014 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

'Dominate the state?' Not if Temple can help it

BYLINE: By Matt Breen; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Colleges; Pg. D06

LENGTH: 421 words


"Dominate the state" became Penn State football's new catchphrase in January
almost immediately after coach James Franklin ended his first news conference.

The three words were printed on T-shirts and hats. Franklin said his plan was to
command Pennsylvania's recruiting scene. And it proved to be more than
coach-speak - the Nittany Lions' 2015 recruiting class is ranked fourth in the
nation by Rivals.com.

Temple's second-year coach, Matt Rhule, said the phrase belittles Pennsylvania's
other colleges. The former Penn State linebacker said he wants Temple to "serve
the state," not dominate it.

"I don't want to belittle any other school by saying we're going to dominate
this or that," Rhule said Sunday. "I want to do the best job we can do at
Temple, represent Temple and represent Pennsylvania the right way. However they
do things, he's a good guy, I'm sure they're doing it well, but I'm really proud
of the way we recruit."

Franklin and Rhule held one-day camps on Sunday at their respective football
facilities. Rhule extended a scholarship offer to Imhotep Charter running back
Tyliek Raynor. The 5-foot-10, 175-pounder will be a junior in the fall. He
rushed for 918 yards and 13 touchdowns last season. Raynor also has an offer
from Buffalo.

Rhule said he considers the Owls' recruiting base to be Philadelphia, the four
surrounding counties, and South Jersey. The coach's plan is to have every area
recruit visit Temple, meet the staff, and see if the Owls are a fit.

"We go out and we find kids that are sometimes in towns where they didn't get a
lot of attention or notoriety," said Rhule. "They come here and they end up
being Muhammad Wilkerson, Jaiquawn Jarrett. We pride ourselves on working extra
hard, looking under every nook and cranny."

Penn State recruit. Manny Bowen, an outside linebacker from Barnegat (N.J.) High
School, announced on Twitter that he has decided to attend Penn State with the
freshman class of 2015. The 6-foot-2, 206-pound Bowen is rated as a four-star
recruit by Scout.com and received three stars from Rivals.com and 247Sports.com.

Heading to 'Nova. Following in the footsteps of his brother and father, West
Chester Henderson defensive lineman Bryan White has committed to play football
at Villanova starting in 2015.

White's brother, T.J., is a redshirt sophomore linebacker for the Wildcats.
Their, father, Ted, was a defensive lineman for the squad in the mid-1980s.

Staff writers Joe Juliano and Rick O'Brien contributed to this article.


mbreen@phillynews.com

@matt_breen


LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 24, 2008 Sunday

ICED CUBAN - COLD MAVS OWNER HAS BEEN OFF MARK

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 91

LENGTH: 938 words


SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - For those who get off on me being slapped silly, Mavericks
owner Mark Cuban branded my disclosure that Avery Johnson broached trading Dirk
Nowitzki a "ridiculous assertion."

He was a trifle more tender in an e-mail soon after reading the column than he
was in his blog that labeled my source "an out-and-out liar."

My response below, in essence, is identical to the one I sent Cuban.

(Those Mavs fans who dutifully believe his spin that Avery never wanted to trade
Dirk following last season's first-round eviction and are convinced my report
was malicious and make-believe should reflect on who has more to lose or gain by
the truth being told.)

I told Cuban I respected his public position. Somehow, I didn't think he'd
confess, "Yeah, it's true, my coach had lost faith in Dirk and felt he was a
terrible leader."

Of course, Cuban was going to deny, deny, deny and belittle, belittle, belittle
my source. I fully expected as much. But when you've got the goods, you can't be
bullied.

Fact remains, I stressed, "My source is infallible and my info is impeccable,"
that is, unless Avery was merely venting to confidants, which I find impossible
to accept.

Somebody had to be blamed for the Mavs' humiliating upset and, for some odd
reason, Avery, like every other head coach, pointed a crooked little finger at
Dirk, the strength coach and President Bush, but never at himself.

Meanwhile, how about Cuban saying he'd never go after P. J. Brown (unlike the
Hornets who are in passionate pursuit) because he has the same agent as Devean
George.

How childish! The Mavs need help at center and he says he's considering Justin
Williams, Dale Davis or Jamaal Magloire.

They're bound to sweat Shaq and Yao and Duncan and Bynum and Chandler and Camby.

How disingenuous for an owner to deride a player for wanting to keep his Bird
Rights.

He even sold it to local media there was no advantage for George to own Bird
Rights, because he's not good enough for anyone to want to give him any
significant number anyway.

Truth is that even if no one wants to give George a big number, he can cash in
on a signandtrade because of the Bird Rights.

(FYI: You cannot do a signandtrade using mid-level exception money.) So, here we
have a player who stands up for his rights and that's wrong, but when a team
wants to move a guy for its purposes, it's OK, it's not personal, it's strictly
business.

So much for playing the role of Mr. Good Guy Ballroom Dancer! Will the real Mark
Cuban please stand up?

Dallas-Fort Worth media maintains Jason Kidd will look better when he is more
comfy and takes more than six shots. Evidently, they don't have access to a dish
or cable or a box score. The same people contend Kidd will make Erick Dampier a
real threat now. Good idea, that is, if Jason's capable of catching it for Erick
as well as passing it to him.

Should the Mavs fail to lock up a halfway competent center, it'll be bad for
Dirk if he constantly has to change positions. Then again, maybe Avery plans to
revert to "Nellie Ball" and turn the Mavs loose with Dirk at the five and Jason
running a full-court offense. They won't guard, but with Jason Terry, Jerry
Stackhouse and Josh Howard, they'd score a ton. Brilliant! Just when the West is
getting bigger, the Mavs go back to being small. Cuban dumps Don Nelson and then
opts for Nellie Ball.

In the meantime, don't look now but the Mavs and Warriors could wind up fighting
it out for the eighth spot unless Dallas gets better fast.

In retrospect, maybe Avery would've been better off holding out Kidd against the
Hornets. You know, give him a couple more days to get acclimated before using
him against Memphis (Friday's victim) and Minnesota; most likely, Dallas was
going to lose in New Orleans, anyway.

FYI: The Mavs lost there a few weeks ago with Devin Harris, and Chris Paul got
30 that night, too.

This just in: Column contributor Cary Bowen knows one drug Roger Clemens never
took for sure: Truth serum.

To me, the most fascinating NBA deadline trade was Von Waver for Taurean Green.

Imagine the conference call reaction of league lawyer Joel Litvin, who knows the
game and can follow the breadcrumbs:

"Excuse me? Ah, I think we have a bad connection."

For weeks there were all sorts of reports claiming the Nuggets were hot to trot
for Ron Artest and Mike Miller (either/or) and that Eduardo Najera, Linas
Kleiza, J.R. Smith, Nene and Fatty Taylor would vaporize in one deal or another.

Yet when the dust settled Denver's solitary exchange was with Portland and
involved two idling, minimally-compensated point pretenders, one sired by Sidney
Green; let's give it up for Brooklyn in the house!

I mean, what was that all about? Was it worth the paperwork? Why, bother?

Discovering the thought process behind the off the wall switch of Waver for
Green interested me far more than the Houston-New Orleans swap affecting Bonzi
Wells, Mike James and Bobby Jackson. As if you already didn't know, I'm weird
that way.

As it turns out, following exhaustive research, the GreenWaver transaction saved
the Nuggets about 350G, doubled when luxury tax is taken into account. What a
shock to learn that money motivated this arrangement.

"No, that's not true," according to a Nugget in the know. "It was mostly done
because we like Green a bit and think he may have some chance down the road as a
secondary contributor.

"At the same time, his nonguarantee language next season gives us a little more
flexibility than Wafer's did."

Gaining such knowledge helps me sleep better at night.

Who would've expected Isiah to outlast Fidel Castro?

Certainly not Fulgencio Batista.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAL-USIONAL: Mark Cuban hasn't been his good-guy self lately, including
a denial of Peter Vecsey's assertion that Dallas coach Avery Johnson considered
trading Dirk Nowitzki (inset right, with new Maverick Jason Kidd). (AP; Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Man's pro-slob diatribe raises hairy issues

BYLINE: KATHY MITCHELL and MARCY SUGAR, Creators Syndicate

SECTION: BUSINESS; Annie's Mailbox; Pg. B21

LENGTH: 415  words


Dear Annie: I know you won't print this, because your column is all about
badmouthing men. Hollywood does the same thing.

Why is it terrible when a man belittles his wife, but funny when she belittles
him? Explain why Brad Pitt and Ben Affleck are "sexy" when they don't shave, but
women complain about us for the same thing. Some of us have nose and ear hair,
and women call us slobs. Maybe we don't change our clothes every day. So what?

This is for all the wives and girlfriends: When was the last time you shaved
your legs, underarms or even your face? Do you really think a moustache or
two-inch hair sticking out of your chin is an aphrodisiac? It's not. When was
the last time you used makeup or put on some perfume? Do you really think
wearing sweatpants on your 300pound body makes you look like an athlete?

I try to appreciate the finer, nonphysical things about women. A beautiful heart
and personality are much more attractive than a pretty face. But an ungrateful
attitude is many times worse than some extra hair. Why don't you try to
appreciate us for providing a decent home and working hard all our lives to
support our families? When you change your attitude, a little extra hair won't
seem important.

Sloppy Old Man

dear sloppy: You'll forgive us if we chuckle at your raging diatribe in support
of being a slob. Of course a loving heart is the most important attribute of any
relationship. But there is no excuse for either men or women to become unshaven,
unkempt pigs because they have grown complacent. We guarantee women would find
Brad Pitt a good deal less attractive if he had hair sticking out of his ears
and nose and hadn't changed his underwear in a week. But you are right that many
women also neglect their appearance. Each partner in a relationship should make
every effort to look presentable, and sometimes that involves a magnifying
mirror.

dear Annie: I was so comforted by the letter from "Coping," whose son and his
wife have cut her out of their lives. It's true that there's not one thing we
can do about it. But I loved that she said along with forgiving them, we must
also protect ourselves from their cruel behaviour.

So much is said about cruelty to children. But so little is said about adult
children being cruel to their parents.

Iowa

Email questions to anniesmailbox@comcast.net or write to: Annie's Mailbox, c/o
Creators Syndicate, 5777 W. Century Blvd., Ste. 700, Los Angeles, CA 90045.
Visit www.creators.com to find out more about Annie's Mailbox

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 620 words


Dear Annie: I know you won't print this, because your column is all about
badmouthing men. Hollywood does the same thing.

Why is it terrible when a man belittles his wife but funny when she belittles
him? Explain why Brad Pitt and Ben Affleck are "sexy" when they don't shave, but
women complain about us for the same thing. Some of us have nose and ear hair,
and women call us slobs. Maybe we don't change our clothes every day. So what?

This is for all the wives and girlfriends: When was the last time you shaved
your legs, underarms or even your face? Do you really think a moustache or
two-inch hair sticking out of your chin is an aphrodisiac? It's not. When was
the last time you used makeup or put on some perfume? Do you really think
wearing sweatpants on your 300-pound body makes you look like an athlete?

I try to appreciate the finer, nonphysical things about women. A beautiful heart
and personality are much more attractive than a pretty face. But an ungrateful
attitude is many times worse than some extra hair. Why don't you try to
appreciate us for providing a decent home and working hard all our lives to
support our families? When you change your attitude, a little extra hair won't
seem important. - Sloppy Old Man

Dear Sloppy: You'll forgive us if we chuckle at your raging diatribe in support
of being a slob. Of course a loving heart is the most important attribute of any
relationship. But there is no excuse for either men or women to become unshaven,
unkempt pigs because they have grown complacent. We guarantee women would find
Brad Pitt a good deal less attractive if he had hair sticking out of his ears
and nose and hadn't changed his underwear in a week. But you are right that many
women also neglect their appearance. Each partner in a relationship should make
every effort to look presentable, and sometimes that involves a magnifying
mirror.

After a while

Dear Annie: I would greatly appreciate it if you would please reprint one of
your most requested pieces.

It is titled "After a While" by Veronica A. Shoffstall. I found it in my drawer
and can no longer read it. - El Paso, Texas

Dear El Paso: With pleasure. Here it is:

After a While by Veronica A. Shoffstall

After a while you learn the subtle difference between holding a hand and
chaining a soul, and you learn that love doesn't mean leaning and company
doesn't always mean security.

And you begin to learn that kisses aren't contracts and presents aren't
promises, and you begin to accept your defeats with your head up and your eyes
ahead, with the grace of a woman, not the grief of a child.

And you learn to build all your roads on today, because tomorrow's ground is too
uncertain for plans and futures have a way of falling down in mid-flight.

After a while you learn that even sunshine burns if you get too much, so you
plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone
to bring you flowers.

And you learn that you really can endure,

you really are strong,

you really do have worth,

and you learn, and you learn, with every goodbye, you learn ...

Copyright 1971

Parental abuse

Dear Annie: I was so comforted by the letter from "Coping in Calif.," whose son
and his wife have cut her out of their lives.

It's true that there's not one thing we can do about it.

But I loved that she said along with forgiving them, we must also protect
ourselves from their cruel behavior.

So much is said about cruelty to children. But so little is said about adult
children being cruel to their parents. - Iowa

(Annie's Mailbox is written by Kathy Mitchell and Marcy Sugar, longtime editors
of the Ann Landers column. Email questions to anniesmailbox@comcast.net or write
to Annie's Mailbox, P.O. Box 118190, Chicago, Ill. 60611.)

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           November 17, 2009 Tuesday

Tuesday, Nov. 17

SECTION: LETTERS TO EDITOR

LENGTH: 458 words


Cheerleaders

earn their cheers

Editor:

I take offense - on behalf of my daughter and every other cheerleader who gets
no respect - to the classless commentating during the anniversary game of the
Myerstown Panthers on Nov. 8.

There were accolades aplenty for the alumni, the coaches and the Elco football
team. There the cheerleaders stood in support of the organization to hear the
commentator belittle them by proudly emphasizing that his football-playing
daughter was no "damn cheerleader."

My daughter and many others put a lot of effort into supporting an organization
that distances itself from them. That is one issue. But to have an announcer
chastise the sport they work so hard at for little appreciation is going too
far.

Our daughters recently earned trips to the 2009 Cotton Bowl and were in the
Cotton Bowl Parade in Dallas with invitations to repeat, not to mention
performing half-time shows for the San Antonio Spurs, etc. They did it through
hard work.

Would he belittle his son publicly on a public-address system at a football game
if his son was a cheerleader? He may disagree with his son's choice, but I
seriously doubt he would call him out to degrade him, or would he?

He is doing a service to the community, the whole community, including men,
women, boys and girls, so maybe some thought ought to be given before degrading
other people's children just because his child made different choices. He did
include in his announcements that she was his son, so maybe he made the choice
that his daughter would play football. What would his wife say, or does he treat
her like that, too?

Oops, did I just say that out loud in public for all to hear? I apologize; will
he?

Why do cheerleaders only get recognized and supported when they grow up? I
wonder.

How would he explain his comments to his daughter standing there in support of a
program that threw dirt in her face for years of hard work? He would not be
happy, either! His opinions are his right when he keeps them to himself, or if
they do not hurt others, especially children who have enough trouble dealing
with the opinions of their peers, let alone the disparaging thoughts of
thoughtless adults.

Again, I apologize if I offended anyone. Will the speaker apologize to our
daughters and those who are different than his children?

MIKE PECKENSCHNEIDER SR.
MYERSTOWN
Road's been

made safer

Editor:

Thank you to all of those who had a role in the recent road improvements at the
intersection of routes 117 and 322 in Campbelltown.

Prior to this construction, this junction was notorious for accidents and driver
confusion. The additional lanes and traffic lights make it a lot safer. There is
no doubt that this will reduce accidents and potentially save lives.

JERRY LENINGTON
CAMPBELLTOWN

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Media groups must act now on privacy breaches

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1164  words


"The press is overstepping in every direction the obvious bounds of propriety
and of decency. Gossip is no longer the resource of the idle and of the vicious,
but has become a trade, which is pursued with industry as well as effrontery. To
satisfy a prurient taste, the details of sexual relations are spread broadcast
in the columns of the daily papers. Even gossip apparently harmless, when widely
and persistently circulated, is potent for evil. It both belittles and perverts.
It belittles by inverting the relative importance of things, thus dwarfing the
thoughts and aspirations of a people."

S ome of that language is a giveaway that it wasn't written by me, or written
yesterday. But the content is highly relevant to a discussion about privacy and
the media, as a trip to the local newsagent, or time spent in front of the
television, or online will quickly affirm.

The quote is from The Right to Privacy by Boston lawyers Samuel Warren and Louis
Brandeis, published in the Harvard Law Review in 1890, perhaps the most famous
attempt at a definition of privacy.

Warren and Brandeis wrote about the "right of the individual to be let alone", a
right they put alongside "the right not be assaulted or beaten, the right not be
imprisoned, the right not to be maliciously prosecuted, the right not to be
defamed." They of course acknowledged that the right to be let alone was not
absolute, and must on occasion give way to a higher or general public interest.

Both writers would turn in their respective graves at developments in the 120
years since. Whole industries now revolve around so- called celebrity, fame,
rumour, and gossip; often more correctly straight fiction which is published
these days, often by media organisations. These organisations proclaim the
importance of free speech, in the dissemination of news, but clearly are more at
home in the entertainment business.

Privacy in a broad sense is under attack these days on a range of fronts.
Electronic surveillance, terrorism laws, growing police powers, business
practices associated with information mining and marketing, and new
technologies.

And the battle Warren and Brandeis fought, against the evil of gossip, has been
well and truly lost with the passage of time. However the right to what I might
call privacy, remains an issue; particularly where to draw the line between
freedom of expression and any remaining right an individual has to have some
control over the gathering and publication of information about personal aspects
of their life. And what can or should be done when that line is crossed.

We know in this, the age of knowledge, the age of truly mass communications,
with the ubiquity of digital tools, that the occasions for incursions into the
privacy of people will continue to rise exponentially. We can take the
determinist view which concedes that the privacy of all of us is now effectively
gone or we can assert that an innate right of humanity; of indeed, the human
condition, is the right to individual privacy.

I believe we are stronger as a society when each of us is stronger.

And by stronger I mean not having important liberties shorn from us in some
revelatory information "free for all". The social contract we are subject of
involves the surrender of certain rights in exchange for other societal benefits
and protections. But at the core of that contract, there can not be, and must
never be derogations such that the notion of individuality is materially or
permanently compromised. The essence of the dignity of each of us goes to our
individuality and our primary need to be ourselves. Not ourselves shared with
billions of others, not ourselves x-rayed by the new intrusive technologies, not
ourselves ground to an amorphous mass of human sameness.

For these reasons, privacy will always matter. It will matter because the right
to it represents a core and inalienable human liberty. This is why it will still
matter in the face of the otherwise overwhelmingly invasive technologies; in the
face of the attempts by the image and news wholesalers to have us believe that
we live in the age of a new normal; a normal where these astringent and
corrosive facilitations are not simply to be tolerated but accepted within a
framework of powerless resignation.

What the Australian Law Reform Commission has put on offer is a proposal to
remove uncertain and possibly haphazard and fragmented development of the law in
favour of a unitary approach flowing from national legislation; legislation to
create a general cause of action for unwarranted and serious breaches of
privacy.

If in certain circumstances, people had, or believed they had, a reasonable
right to privacy and that privacy was breached, people should have a right of
action in law by way of remedy.

The government will amend the Privacy Act to introduce civil penalties with
serious sanctions.

This will be the new standard for corporations. The notion therefore, that media
corporations should continue to enjoy different self- developed and
self-regulated standards instead of regulation by exemption, is simply
opportunist.

Every day the media is out there insisting on ever higher performance standards
in the community, urging the full force of the law be applied to transgressions,
but not to itself.

The hypocrisy, to use a John Hartigan phrase, is "stomach- churning".

Industry leaders and the profession itself, should acknowledge that the current
"free for all" cannot go on. That "invading the privacy of celebrities,
starlets, models and sometimes ordinary non-consenting members of the public" as
Jack Waterford put it, has nought to do with the public interest and everything
to do with the profit flowing from the implicit consent of "victims" who are
suborned to the revenue task.

Industry leaders and media organisations should indicate they are prepared to
work with and not against the modest reforms proposed by the Australian Law
Reform Commission for the continuation of the media exemption from the Privacy
Act and to acknowledge that the media in general, would benefit from legal
clarity, consistent principles and uniform national enforcement when it comes to
respect for privacy. The media's alternative is to do what the media normally
does; use its muscle to bully the government into shredding the community's
right to privacy or more particularly, to turn a blind eye while the media
shreds the community's right to privacy.

To date, governments have been pretty wary about meddling with the media. But
even wary ones will pick up the public disquiet. And in this, the age of
poll-driven policy, it is likely that governments will be encouraged to act and
when they do, the remedies will be sharper and more punitive. Far better for
media organisations to act now than be forced to act later.

Paul Keating is a former Federal Treasurer and prime minister from 1991-96. This
is the edited text of an address he gave to the Centre for Advanced Journalism
at Melbourne University yesterday evening.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2010 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           November 20, 2016, Sunday

Letters

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 770 words


You can't belittle working class and expect votes

Editor:

I was just at Tudor's in Fayetteville. The place was rather abuzz with ordinary
locals, a little older, retired people, salt of the earth, lifelong blue
collars, talking about the election. Their ballots cast, their voices heard.

I thought, what is it about Trump that attracted these blue-collar people to
this billionaire? I thought about how these people are looked down upon by many
people who consider them to be ignorant from their lofty vantage point of
privilege, wealth, comfort, security and opportunity ... the system rigged in
every way to favor them, and in some cases, I guess, deservedly so.

But those ordinary people, big fans of Trump, believe, I realized, that here is
a guy - even though wealthy and privileged - who cares about them. It is
possible that he does. If he does he will be in the minority. But there has
always been that minority of wealthy people who do care about people, no matter
their status.

I hope they are right, I hope it is true. One thing is certain: the Democratic
machine does not care about these folks and is badly in need of vast, overdue
reform. As is the Republican machine.

There are favorites, to be sure, and they are well rewarded and taken care of.
But you don't go far enough, fair enough. You have been sent a very clear
message. You can't bully or belittle these Americans, or arrogantly presume they
will do exactly as you expect them to do to support you, after having been
consistently ignored for so many seasons.

Because they will, if given the opportunity, take you to school and give you a
lesson in democracy, unceremoniously, on what is important to them. Until it is
also important to you.

T. Paige Dalporto

Fayetteville

Diner has important history in our community

Editor:

Regarding The Gazette-Mail's article "Manager buys Charleston's iconic Quarrier
Diner" (Aug. 8), the article says: "The historic diner closed in 1999, and was
on the Preservation Alliance of West Virginia's endangered properties list when
Anna and Dave Pollitt offered in 2010 to buy and reopen the restaurant.

You might not recall, but only the restaurant part of the Quarrier Diner closed
in 1999; the bar, The Tap Room, stayed open.

The bar started out in the basement in 1947 as the QD Club and became known by
its function, as a place to drink beer, until time came when West Virginia
legalized liquor-by-the-drink (the Quarrier Diner held one of the lowest-number
liquor licenses in the state) and remained there until the Charleston Fire
Department ordered the basement closed to the public in 2003.

That's when The Tap Room was moved up to the first and second floors of the
building, where it stayed in business until 2008. The bar was operated by former
Charleston city councilman Robert Sheets from 1999 until it closed. The Quarrier
Diner remained under the ownership of Charlie Young, who died in 2011.

The history of this very important "third place is a particular obsession of
mine. I worked at The Tap Room, an employee of the Quarrier Diner, for several
years and fondly remember the many wonderful people there who contributed so
much to the vitality of the Kanawha Valley. The Tap Room was and still is a
legend in the gay community in Charleston and beyond. I am very sensitive
whenever its legacy is omitted from mainstream press stories about the history
of the restaurant, especially in light of certain, published comments made by
the elder Mr. Pollitt when he and his wife purchased the building and announced
plans to reopen the facility.

The Tap Room was renowned for, among other things, the incredible folk art that
graced the walls of the vestibule at its back entrance. I am the only person I
know who has a collection of photos documenting this important history of
Charleston.

I also have photos of the original "Young's Food House neon sign out front and
the "Tap Room painted metal sign over the back entrance, as well as photos of
the signage painted on the outside wall facing Dunbar Street. All of that has
been lost.

It was the bar management, staff, customers and the greater gay community who
preserved the Quarrier Diner and most likely kept it from being turned into yet
another parking lot. We generated enough income for Mr. Young to hang onto the
building, saving it for the future. But we never seem to get any credit for
that. Our history just gets painted over.

Additionally, your article referred to the Quarrier Diner, built after the
Second World War, as "Art Deco." However, considering its age and style, it is
probably more correctly referred to as "Art Moderne."

Greg Proctor

Charleston

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              15 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Oakland Tribune July 27 Letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor Oakland Tribune

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 484 words


Hosting lab makes sense

RICHMOND HOSTING Lawrence Berkeley National Lab makes sense. The property
already belongs to the University of California and it has been a concern for
years what would evolve. Richmond's association with UC Berkeley has been a
given for years. My uncle worked at the Field Station for years and my brother
put in a career at LBNL's Bevatron and the LAB's scientific community.

LBNL's challenges will transcend the lives of Richmond residents with
opportunities to assist in the livelihood and needs of future generations.
LBNL's history to science is well respected as is Richmond's own value in our
country's struggles.

It is amazing to visualize the importance of this move to Richmond and future of
the relationship. Richmond will benefit greatly from the secondary job spinoffs
and ever expanding opportunities that piggyback this arrangement.

Let's hope for the best and congratulate the efforts of Jeff Ritterman and the
entire City Council in their vision toward securing this prospect.

Al Guggemos

Richmond

Don't belittle accomplishment

IN HIS July 18 column, "Let's bring troops home -- right now," Dave Newhouse
says, "We send the best, the brightest, the toughest and the most courageous men
and women into battle. But, I must ask, why?"

The extinguishing of Osama bin Laden should have answered that question for Mr.
Newhouse. To suggest that killing bin Laden was meaningless or that this was not
a major victory/milestone in the global war on terror is to belittle the
significance of the accomplishment of our military heroes and speaks poorly of
our resolve in defending our country from further terrorist attacks.

Robert Minot

Alameda

Symbolic act of patriotism

CONGRATS TO Dave Newhouse for his July 18 column. So few of us have sacrificed
anything in these recent conflicts in contrast to World War II.

How about the most fortunate among us -- say, those making more than $250,000 a
year -- decline to accept their Social Security checks, which is just chump
change to them? At least it would be a symbolic act of patriotism in these
difficult times. Just a thought.

Yvonne Byron

Oakland

Keep sending the message

THANKS TO Dave Newhouse for his column July 18. So many of my friends share his
thoughts.

Every Sunday at my church, when we recite the "Prayers of the People," we read
aloud the names of our brave service people who lost their lives the previous
week. There are tears in my eyes, along with many others.

We think of those fine, young people who will never (for the most part) share a
spouse's love and grow old together; never have the opportunity to start
families and watch their sons and daughters grow; and never get to enjoy a
lifetime of friends new and old and travel to faraway places.

So, Dave, please don't stop with just one column on this subject -- we need to
keep this message going until someone in authority understands what we feel.

Ron Accornero

Alameda

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

EDITORIAL: War of words belittles many Wisconsinites

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 578 words


Jan. 22--If there's anything to be thankful for in Wisconsin's political climate
-- which these days seems as bleak as the actual climate -- it's that it has
been enveloped in a war or words, not an actual war. Whatever one thinks of Gov.
Scott Walker or the recall effort against him -- and rare is the person who
doesn't have a strong opinion -- we are blessed to live in a nation where such
disagreements are settled with ballots, not bullets.

That being said, some of what passes for political discourse seems targeted at
drawing proverbial blood instead of mending the state's deep wounds. Now that
the Democrats' recall petition has been filed, things will only get worse as the
election nears.

Among the sharp words were these last week from the state Republican Party: "We
had no doubt the Democrats would be able to rally their left-wing supporters
around this baseless and expensive recall effort. ... Regardless of what the
radical left may believe, Wisconsin families will continue to stand with
Governor Walker."

According to the GOP, the recall is driven by the "radical left." But what is
the definition of the word "radical"? According to Webster's New World College
Dictionary, radical means "favoring fundamental or extreme change,
(specifically) favoring basic change in the social or economic structure." That
word doesn't fit in this case: Democrats and their allies were largely motivated
to launch a recall because of the changes Walker made to collective bargaining
for public employees, something that had been in place for a half century. In
that regard, Walker is the one who sought "basic change in the social or
economic structure."

And as for "Wisconsin families" standing with Walker: Are the more than 1
million people who signed the recall petition not members of "Wisconsin
families"?

Likewise, Democrats are eager to paint Walker's supporters as alien outliers. A
few days before the petitions were filed, the state Democratic Party chided
Walker for traveling to Texas, allegedly to avoid the "whole-scale rejection by
Wisconsin of his extreme agenda." Yes, getting 1 million signatures on a
petition is impressive, but it doesn't mean the bulk of Wisconsin's nearly 6
million residents have rejected Walker. The number of signatures gathered is
roughly the same as the number of people who voted for Walker's Democratic
opponent, Tom Barrett, in 2010 -- hardly a sign that a huge number of
Wisconsinites have developed buyer's remorse about Walker. Three polls taken
last fall found 47 to 58 percent of state residents supported a recall and 38 to
49 percent opposed one. In other words, we're a closely divided state.

The recall election, of course, is about issues far deeper than political
hyperbole. Yet words are our tools for understanding the world, and their use
and misuse shapes how we view vital issues. Our advice: In the coming months,
ignore the words that flow from parties, candidates and attack ads, unless those
words are supported by actual facts. As the saying goes, the first casualty of
war is the truth -- even in a war of words.

- Tom Giffey, editorial page editor

The issue: Rhetoric heats up in the pending recall against Gov. Scott Walker.

Our view: Partisans should stick to facts, not try to brand their fellow
Wisconsinites as radicals or outsiders.

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120122-EW-EDITORIAL-War-of-words-belittles
-many-Wisconsinites-0122-20120122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                              17 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            October 24, 2006 Tuesday

What's in a Name? For James Bell, It's A Baseball Lawsuit

BYLINE: JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 888 words


Ballplayer James "Cool Papa" Bell received his nickname early in his career in
the Negro League and carried it until his death in 1991. To this day streets in
Mississippi, the state of his birth, and Missouri, the state of his death, bear
the Hall of Famer's moniker. But competing theories about how Bell, one of
baseball's fastest players, was given the name are at the center of an unusual
lawsuit in federal court in Manhattan.

Bell's daughter, Connie Brooks, has filed suit against a baseball card company,
Topps, over the description of Bell that the company provides on the back of a
2001 special edition card. The short biography concludes by saying that Cool
Papa "earned his nickname after falling asleep right before a game."

To many eyes the statement seems innocuous enough. But Ms. Brooks calls it, in
court papers, a "bogus painful lie," and said it belittles the difficult lives
of the players of the Negro League.

Topps's story, Ms. Brooks claims, insinuates that her father was an alcoholic or
drug addict and unable to keep his eyes open.

"In his life he did not smoke or drink," Ms. Brooks, of Manhattan, told The New
York Sun. "But they take a Negro Leaguer and think it's okay to make him a
little buffoonish, a little clownish, and suggest that he's nodding off. That's
an insult to a man's legacy."

In the days before Jackie Robinson integrated baseball, the black ball players,
barred from playing with white counterparts, had their own league of teams. In
addition to the hardships itinerant athletes ordinarily faced, these ballplayers
had to deal with a racism so rampant they were outlawed from even passing
through many towns after dark, Ms. Brooks recalled.

In a sport whose history is recorded on the backs of trading cards, Ms. Brooks
says Topps failed to give Bell his due.

"Did Topps put that bogus lie on their sports cards to amuse people for business
gain or to belittle 'Cool Papa' because he played in the Negro League?," she
wrote in legal papers.

James Bell played for teams across the Midwest between 1922 and 1950. Towards
the end of his career he scouted out young black talent for the integrated major
leagues. As a young player, he began as a pitcher until his batting ability and
running ability made him an everyday player. His speed prompted legends, and
Satchel Paige famously claimed that Bell was so fast he could switch off the
lights at night and be under the covers before the room went dark. That anecdote
is also included on the back of the 2001 Topps card.

But what does not appear on the card's back, Ms. Brooks said, is the true story
behind her father's nickname. As part of the suit, Ms. Brooks submitted a letter
describing the origins of the name by a professor who has researched Bell's
life.

The professor, Charles Bolton of the University of North Carolina at Greensboro,
said that the nickname dates to Bell's days as a rookie knuckleball pitcher for
the St. Louis Stars.

"He was put in a tight situation as a rookie and the manager told him not to
worry about it," Mr. Bolton said in an interview. "He went in and mowed them all
down and he was real cool about it. He just wouldn't get rattled at all."

That, Mr. Bolton claims, is how James Bell became "Cool Papa" Bell. It is the
story Ms. Brooks endorses. But there are more than just two tales.

A researcher at the National Baseball Hall of Fame, Claudette Burke, said the
reference book on nicknames in use in Cooperstown tells of how Bell, traveling
on a Pullman to Detroit, was unexcitable when told he would pitch the upcoming
game. In that telling, Bell was awoken from a nap to hear the news.

Ms. Brooks filed her lawsuit in February on her own behalf. Ms. Brooks is in her
70s and said that Topps failed to contact her about issuing cards of her father.

Ms. Brooks said Topps may have issued at least seven cards of her father in
recent years. In addition to monetary damages, she demands that Topps collect
all the cards of her father so she can destroy them, according to legal papers.
Lastly she wants Topps to print a photograph of Bell and a short biography in
six newspapers or magazines every Sunday for six years - the number of years
Topps printed the cards.

Legal observers say the suit has little chance of success. Under New York law,
libel suits cannot claim that a dead person has been defamed, a partner at
Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and the former Attorney General of New Jersey,
Peter Harvey, said.

But Mr. Harvey, a baseball fan with no connection to the case, said a better
legal claim would be to argue that Topps cannot use Bell's likeness for business
purposes without the permission of Bell's estate.

The case is currently before Judge Denise Cote of U.S. District Court in
Manhattan.

A lawyer for Topps, David Ebert, declined to comment. Topps has denied
wrongdoing and said that the statute of limitation has expired, according to
court papers.

Topps has been willing to settle with Ms. Brooks. At one point, the company
offered her $35,000 and said it would "consider producing another card of Cool
Papa" featuring copy provided by Ms. Brooks, according to a letter from the
Director of Sports Licensing for Topps, Philip Carter.

Regardless of the outcome, Mr. Bolton, the professor, said: "We should all be so
lucky to have children like her. She is so respectful of her father's legacy."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 6, 2008 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 965 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: McCain's pledge of reform doesn't match his record

John McCain talks about bringing reform to Washington. Just how will that be
possible? He's spent 24 years in Washington as a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives and Senate, as well as 22 years in the military. He voted with
President Bush 95 percent of the time. That's not reform. He's entrenched with
the "old guard" Republicans, lobbyists and rich loyalists. McCain states that he
will work for the country first, not the party, but he has 169 lobbyists
directly working for his campaign. He wants a bigger military and makes no
qualms about aggressively going after Iran and North Korea.

McCain recently changed positions to pander to the conservative right-wing
evangelical groups. That's not reform. His own vice-presidential pick of Joe
Lieberman was vetoed by Karl Rove, the wizard behind the Bush administration for
the past eight years. If John McCain cannot even pick his own running mate and
fails to stand up to the likes of Karl Rove, how will he reform Washington? John
McCain is many things, but he is not about reform.

SCOTT WERDAHL, CHASKA

THE PALIN PICK

Don't belittle her many achievements

Please do not belittle Sarah Palin's governmental experience. Mayors and
governors have executive responsibility. They must sign laws and ensure that
they are executed.

Legislators, on the other hand, introduce legislation and vote with many others
for these issues to become law. These are then passed on to the executive, who
approves or vetoes. House and Senate bills are subject to instant veto, and many
never get to the executive authority.

Palin has had to approve and sign many bills into law. Barack Obama has merely
proposed and voted to pass.

WILLIAM EATON, BROOKLYN PARK

---

The mainstream media are pounding Sarah Palin as to her "smarts" on foreign
policy. Conveniently overlooked is the Iraq policy recommendation solely
championed by Sen. Joe Biden.

On the strength of his 36 years of deliberation in the U.S. Senate, Biden
believes that Iraq should be ethnically disaggregated into three independent
parts (the Kurds, the Sunnis and the Shiites) and cooperatively overseen by a
central committee.

Some progressives might prefer for the media to interpret this as an ethnically
sensitive "separate but equal" concept. Others may consider this to be classic
"segregation."

GENE DELAUNE, NEW BRIGHTON

---

I love the spin on how Sarah Palin is the perfect choice as the Republican vice
president. She is being portrayed as a gun-totin', firecracker kind a gal. A
real Annie Oakley.

Apparently her lack of experience should not concern us. I'm guessing John
McCain will be relying on the scenario that when she meets with other world
leaders, she'll break out into "Anything You Can Do, I Can Do Better."

BETH BARBER DOTY, MINNEAPOLIS

ELECTION `08

Race and gender should not be deciding factor

In 1963, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke of the day when his children
would live in a nation where they would not be judged by the color of their
skin, but by the content of their character.

That admonition must be remembered now as we seek the most competent and
qualified person to be our next president. Those making their choice based on
gender or race are exactly the people that MLK was cautioning. Such votes are
discriminatory and likely to result in less than the right person to do the job.

Where are the politically correct crowds calling this bias for what it is? Now
is the time to remember those diversity training sessions and choose the most
competent person to govern and lead.

ROSEMARY O. ESLER, SPRING LAKE PARK

RNC PROTESTS

Debacle should result in mayors' resignations

St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman and Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak should never be
elected to public office again. Ever.

They sold us a Republican National Convention in which protesters would be
treated with a modicum of respect.

I live in the Lowertown area of St. Paul, and I've witnessed a police state.
Cops from everywhere -- bullying people without provocation. The behavior of
many of these bullies in blue uniform was no better than the "anarchists" they
were "protecting" us from.

Coleman and Rybak gave us a good taste of prewar Germany. For days, we had
helicopters buzzing overhead and thousands of SWAT-attired cops harassing people
for doing no more than exercising their rights of free speech and assembly. They
gave us an atmosphere of fear and intimidation.

This is the first time that I've been afraid to live in my own country.

Both mayors should do the right thing: Apologize to their constituents and then
resign.

PAUL BARTLETT, ST. PAUL

FIRST DISTRICT PRIMARY

Day is the right choice

First District voters should vote for Minnesota's "you know where he stands"
candidate, state Sen. Dick Day, in the Sept. 9 primary.

Day has been a strong leader in our state and has had the courage to buck the
system and his own party's bosses when it's the right thing to do.

I'm voting for Dick Day in the primary!

FRAN JOHNSON, JANESVILLE, MINN.

MINNESOTA FARMS

We need them -- each and every one

Your feature story in the Sept. 4 Taste section, "Minnesota feeds the world," is
a much-appreciated testament to those who own and manage our state's 79,000
farms.

Minnesota ranks sixth in the United States for total value of agricultural
products sold. Along with the products you mentioned, our farmers take second
place nationally for canola production, fourth for corn (grain) and sixth for
red meat.

While the numbers sound impressive, today's farmers continue to manage their
businesses as they always have -- producing high-quality, wholesome products and
implementing conservation practices to protect our soils and water.

Large and small farms, conventional and organic -- we need them all.

PAULA MOHR, ANOKA;

EDITOR, THE FARMER MAGAZINE

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 29, 2015 Monday

Colombian star on favored U.S.: They belittle us

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 361 words


This is exactly what the Womencs World Cup needed: fighting words.

We must give a shout out to a fine lady by the name of Lady Andrade of Colombia,
who has turned Mondaycs U.S.-Colombia knock-out game into something bigger
because of an interview with USA Today that makes this more like a heavyweight
boxing match.

Come to think of it, thatcs exactly what it was the last time the teams met at
the 2012 Summer Olympics. Andrade clocked U.S. star Abby Wambach in the first
half with a sucker punch away from the ball. The Colombian striker was suspended
for two games.

cI hit her, what else I can say?c Andrade told USA Today, admitting what she had
previously denied. cIf you look back at the video youcll see she hit me too, but
wecre Colombia so they donct want to review the whole episode.c

Andrade, who scored two goals in three pool games to lead the surprising Las
Cafeteras, was not done. Not even close.

cThey belittle us,c she said of the United States players. cThey think wecre a
team theycre going to walk all over and it will be an easy game for them. Wecre
going to beat them since they like to talk so much.c

To be fair, the U.S. players have publicly praised the Colombians as did coach
Jill Ellis. But Andrade knows how to work a crowd.

The Americans are ranked second in the world, Colombia is 28th. But the
underdogs stunned third-ranked France 2-0 in pool play and have shown resilience
in Canada.

cTherecs no revenge, these are things that happen in a game,c Andrade said of
the Wambach incident. cI have received some intimidating messages, but that only
helps to reveal my character when we get on the field. This time we will play a
very different game and that wonct happen again, and so they donct ban me
again.c

Andrade understands what it would mean to knock the Americans out of the
tournament.

cThere would be huge repercussions because of what the U.S. symbolizes and what
has been said about us there,c Andrade said. cThis team is more than motivated
... wecre thirsty for a victory.c

Drink up. Wecve got ourselves a rich backdrop for the Round of 16.

c

The post Colombian star on favored U.S.: cThey belittle usc appeared first on
World Cup 2015 .

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Colombian star on favored U.S.: They belittle us

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 361 words


This is exactly what the Womencs World Cup needed: fighting words.

We must give a shout out to a fine lady by the name of Lady Andrade of Colombia,
who has turned Mondaycs U.S.-Colombia knock-out game into something bigger
because of an interview with USA Today that makes this more like a heavyweight
boxing match.

Come to think of it, thatcs exactly what it was the last time the teams met at
the 2012 Summer Olympics. Andrade clocked U.S. star Abby Wambach in the first
half with a sucker punch away from the ball. The Colombian striker was suspended
for two games.

cI hit her, what else I can say?c Andrade told USA Today, admitting what she had
previously denied. cIf you look back at the video youcll see she hit me too, but
wecre Colombia so they donct want to review the whole episode.c

Andrade, who scored two goals in three pool games to lead the surprising Las
Cafeteras, was not done. Not even close.

cThey belittle us,c she said of the United States players. cThey think wecre a
team theycre going to walk all over and it will be an easy game for them. Wecre
going to beat them since they like to talk so much.c

To be fair, the U.S. players have publicly praised the Colombians as did coach
Jill Ellis. But Andrade knows how to work a crowd.

The Americans are ranked second in the world, Colombia is 28th. But the
underdogs stunned third-ranked France 2-0 in pool play and have shown resilience
in Canada.

cTherecs no revenge, these are things that happen in a game,c Andrade said of
the Wambach incident. cI have received some intimidating messages, but that only
helps to reveal my character when we get on the field. This time we will play a
very different game and that wonct happen again, and so they donct ban me
again.c

Andrade understands what it would mean to knock the Americans out of the
tournament.

cThere would be huge repercussions because of what the U.S. symbolizes and what
has been said about us there,c Andrade said. cThis team is more than motivated
... wecre thirsty for a victory.c

Drink up. Wecve got ourselves a rich backdrop for the Round of 16.

c

The post Colombian star on favored U.S.: cThey belittle usc appeared first on
World Cup 2015 .

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Colombian star on favored U.S.: They belittle us

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 361 words


This is exactly what the Womencs World Cup needed: fighting words.

We must give a shout out to a fine lady by the name of Lady Andrade of Colombia,
who has turned Mondaycs U.S.-Colombia knock-out game into something bigger
because of an interview with USA Today that makes this more like a heavyweight
boxing match.

Come to think of it, thatcs exactly what it was the last time the teams met at
the 2012 Summer Olympics. Andrade clocked U.S. star Abby Wambach in the first
half with a sucker punch away from the ball. The Colombian striker was suspended
for two games.

cI hit her, what else I can say?c Andrade told USA Today, admitting what she had
previously denied. cIf you look back at the video youcll see she hit me too, but
wecre Colombia so they donct want to review the whole episode.c

Andrade, who scored two goals in three pool games to lead the surprising Las
Cafeteras, was not done. Not even close.

cThey belittle us,c she said of the United States players. cThey think wecre a
team theycre going to walk all over and it will be an easy game for them. Wecre
going to beat them since they like to talk so much.c

To be fair, the U.S. players have publicly praised the Colombians as did coach
Jill Ellis. But Andrade knows how to work a crowd.

The Americans are ranked second in the world, Colombia is 28th. But the
underdogs stunned third-ranked France 2-0 in pool play and have shown resilience
in Canada.

cTherecs no revenge, these are things that happen in a game,c Andrade said of
the Wambach incident. cI have received some intimidating messages, but that only
helps to reveal my character when we get on the field. This time we will play a
very different game and that wonct happen again, and so they donct ban me
again.c

Andrade understands what it would mean to knock the Americans out of the
tournament.

cThere would be huge repercussions because of what the U.S. symbolizes and what
has been said about us there,c Andrade said. cThis team is more than motivated
... wecre thirsty for a victory.c

Drink up. Wecve got ourselves a rich backdrop for the Round of 16.

c

The post Colombian star on favored U.S.: cThey belittle usc appeared first on
World Cup 2015 .

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 29, 2015

Looking Down Main

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 289  words


Why can't we all just get along? I don't know how many times I heard one of my
parents or grandparents say that while I was growing up. Every time I listen to
the news lately this phrase pops into my head And just like when I was young no
one seems to be able to come up with an answer that makes sense.

Early this afternoon the answer popped into my head as I listened to one of my
"favorite" radio commentators belittle Al Sharpton for some of his recent
remarks. While I agreed with everything the commentator had to say about
Sharpton especially about how ridiculous he sounded. The commentator was trying
so hard to belittle Sharpton that he was reducing himself to a level even lower
than the one Sharpton had already reached.

Oh how I miss Paul Harvey! While I only agreed with about half of what Mr.
Harvey had to say on any given day I loved listening to him say it. He had a
gentlemanly way of putting down those with whom he disagreed without sounding
mean and hateful when he did it. Also, when he agreed with something the
"liberals" did he said so. He made it very clear that we could all disagree and
still get along.

So what is the answer that popped into my head today? Plain and simple, no ifs,
ands, or buts, about it "WE DON'T WANT TO" And by we I do not mean you or I. We
both know we are each as nice as can be. By we I mean those people who have
managed to leverage themselves into positions where the rest of us are almost
forced to listen to them on a day in day out basis. I guess a better way to
phrase my answer would be "THEY DON'T WANT TO". And a better description of who
THEY are would be 75% of the national media and an even larger percentage of the
politicians who we elect to office over and over again.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Valley News & Views


                              23 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Georgia: Milestone important for GED graduates

LENGTH: 884  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Partnership For Excellence In Education, The State of Georgia has issued
the following news release:

I was honored Aug. 30 to be the keynote speaker at the Lanier Technical
College's GED graduation at Free Chapel in Gainesville.

In the 2013 graduating class, there were 641 men and women and nearly 300
participated in the cap and gown ceremony.

Many of the individuals that received their GED did not have a strong support
unit growing up.

They had many in their lives that belittled them and discouraged them. My wife's
grandmother did not complete high school. She always regretted the fact that she
did not have her high school diploma.

Even though she was coming down to the end of her work career she made the
decision to attend the adult education facility in Dawson County. Through her
hard work and dedication, she graduated with her GED from Lanier Technical
College several years ago in her 60s.

It was the proudest moment of her life. My wife and I were blessed to be there
to see her receive her diploma.

Mark Twain once said: "Keep away from people who try to belittle your
ambitions."

My wife's grandmother was able to channel her inner-strength and confidence to
do what some said was foolish, or even impossible.

She was like Shannon Miller when she said:

"Other people may not have had high expectations for me, but I had high
expectations for myself."

I encouraged the graduates to stay away from those that would belittle their
ambitions.

We must refocus our efforts in our middle schools, high schools and adult
education facilities to emphasis the importance of technical education.

This is important, because whether it is to decrease the prison population, to
decrease spousal abuse or to increase the likelihood of living a long, happy
life, nothing seems to be as effective as a good education.

I have to agree with what President Lyndon Baines Johnson said on this topic: "I
have learned one great truth. The answer to all our problems comes to a simple
word. The word is education."

Education will lead you out of poverty.

It will lead you out of a dependency on the government or others for survival.
It will give you independence to go out and to accomplish all your dreams.

Success in life will not come to you from a government welfare check, it will
not come to you from a lottery ticket, it will not come to you from depending on
your mother, father or other family members for survival, it will not come to
you from luck, but it will come from hard work and a good education.

Thomas Jefferson said: "I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I
work, the more luck I have."

I encouraged them not to let this be the end of their education.
Education should be a life long journey.

Each of them are in one of the finest technical school regions not only in the
state, but in the country.

They can enter technical school today and thanks to HOPE they can do it for
little cost. They can earn a technical education and improve their ability to
find a high paying job.

Through the efforts of Lanier Technical College and the University of North
Georgia they can attend and complete core classes at Lanier Tech.

Once they have completed 30 hours here and maintained a 3.0 GPA they can
transfer those credits to the University of North Georgia College and then
receive the HOPE scholarship.

It has never been easier to achieve educational success. I encouraged each of
them to take full advantage of these opportunities.

I congratulate each of the graduates on their success. They have had to overcome
many obstacles to be sitting where they are today having earned their GED.

I realize they had worked hard and there were probably many times they wanted to
give up, but they persevered and succeeded. No one can ever take this moment and
this accomplishment away from them.

It is said that "success isn't measured by the position you reach in life; it's
measured by the obstacles you overcome to get there."

On Aug. 30 they reached success.

I reminded them that there are still other great accomplishments that wait in
their future.

There are still obstacles in their path that they will have to work to overcome.

There are other mountains that need to be climbed and there are other successes
to be had.

Their future is bright and they have only started the climb.

Mary Kay Ash once said that: "Most people live and die with their music still
unplayed. They never dare to try."

God only gives each of us one opportunity to live this life. I encouraged them
to make the best of it and to live life to the fullest. I encouraged them to
learn each day and to give back to others every chance they have. I told them
that when they come down to the end of their life make sure that they have
played every song that is in them. That when they die there wasn't one verse of
music left unplayed.

Some of you reading this article may be considering returning to school to
obtain your GED or considering going to college or technical school. I would
encourage you to go for it. Don't let anyone or anything stop you from going
after your dreams. You have numerous resources available to you to in our
community.

If you are interested in learning more about your options, call on me.

I am honored to serve as your representative at the State Capitol.

For further information please visit: http://www.gpee.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Election no excuse for bad behavior

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 666 words


Nov. 16--Add drunken driving to the growing list of things you still can't do
even though Donald Trump won the presidency and you're either very upset about
it or very energized.

The outcome of the election was an explanation actually given by a motorist
whose blood content, police said, was measured at more than four times the legal
limit for driving after she rammed her vehicle into two others stopped at a red
light in Lino Lakes, Minn. Fortunately, only minor injuries were reported.

"I am upset," police quoted the driver as saying.

Despite how some have been acting in the week since Trump took the White House,
being "upset" doesn't make it OK to drink and drive just as it doesn't make it
OK to physically attack those you oppose politically, to start cars on fire, to
riot, to block interstates or to break laws.

Likewise, those overjoyed by Trump's victory don't suddenly have permission to
scrawl racist and homophobic notes in public bathrooms, as reportedly happened
late last week at Duluth Denfeld, or to spew racist remarks on social media, as
happened to students of color at Duluth East, according to the school district.

There's no new normal. No laws have been changed. Rules are still in place, both
those written down and those we all live by in the shared interest of our
survival and happiness. This is still the United States of America, a place with
order and decency, even if the "united" part has taken a temporary hit.

"The election of Donald Trump did not grant anyone license to bully, belittle,
assault, abuse or otherwise demonize women, African-Americans, Hispanics, gays,
lesbians, Muslims or anyone else. If you are out there thinking it's OK to use
hateful language because it's no longer mandatory to be 'politically correct,'
you are wrong," the Hartford Courant newspaper in Connecticut said in an
editorial over the weekend that it addressed specifically to "haters."

"If you are out there thinking it's OK to bully or belittle someone because of
the way the president-elect conducted himself during the campaign, you are
wrong," the editorial continued. "If you think it's OK to touch a woman who
doesn't want to be touched, throw something at a person because you don't like
his skin color or threaten someone because you fear her religion, you have never
been more wrong."

Our nation's peaceful transfer of power, long a hallmark of our democracy,
hardly has been peaceful so far.

It definitely got off on the right foot in the immediate aftermath of the Nov. 8
vote. Trump promised to be a "president for all Americans," a pledge he can be
held to and reminded of in the years to come, if necessary. After losing,
Hillary Clinton said the nation owes Trump "an open mind and the chance to
lead." And outgoing President Barack Obama said, "We are now all rooting for
(Trump's) success in uniting and leading the country."

Too many Americans have refused to follow that lead, however. Mayhem has been
nightly. Everyone from Muslims to Mexicans to African-Americans to police
officers to journalists to Trump supporters and others reportedly have come
under attack, whether physically, verbally or otherwise -- and in all corners of
our nation.

It has to stop.

If you want to celebrate and gloat, go ahead. If you feel the need to protest,
then protest. Both expressions are protected by the same Constitution that gave
us the Electoral College, the president-picking process that makes sure all
Americans are heard in national elections, not just those living in population
centers like Los Angeles and New York.

But no one has the right -- not now, not ever -- to behave as though the laws of
the land and the rules of decency don't apply anymore. They still do.

And no one should use Trump's election to try to explain away terrible behavior
that endangers themselves or others. It's no excuse.

___ (c)2016 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161116-DU-EDITORIAL-Election-no-excuse-for-bad-behavior-1116-20161116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2016 Duluth News-Tribune


                              25 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 1, 2008 Tuesday

Letters to the editor

BYLINE: From Walt Hannan 515 Barber Ave., Livingston, Wis.

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 240 words


We don't need the continual harping at our president, and the implied insults
directed at all of us who elected and re-elected him. And he has the fortitude
to deal with terrorists and related problems in Iraq and Afghanistan when the
opposition would cut and run when the going got difficult.

Now there is a constant barrage of left-wing blogs that belittle the Bush
administration for everything, and distort all such incidents to favor the
liberal fringe in this country. They keep repeating the same old stuff, like
torture, spying and loss of worldwide respect, until they begin to believe it
despite known facts. For example, the fact that key members of Congress were
informed in 2002 of the means used to extract information from terrorists, and
they had no problems with it, has finally been fully reported.

Those who belittle the Bush administration should recognize they are insulting a
majority of the voters in the past two presidential elections and detracting
from the image this country presents to the rest of the world. Their hate is an
ugly expression when based on false, or at least questionable, premises.

A veteran wrote in condemning the VFW for supporting the Bush administration and
cited a number of left-wing blogs that were obviously gleaned from Internet
sources. The hate expressed by these sources is simply not acceptable in a
responsible discussion. It is time to stick to known facts and to stop the
insults.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 17, 1996 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Watt sues national cycling coach for defamation

BYLINE: JACQUELIN MAGNAY

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 440 words


Coach Charlie Walsh, under fire as Olympic gold medallist Kathy Watt, right,
issues a writ for defamation against him.

Barcelona Olympic gold medallist Kathy Watt is suing the national track cycling
coach, Charlie Walsh, claiming he tried to disgrace, discredit and belittle her
and that he branded her a cheat.

Walsh also came under fire from the Australian Sports Commission (ASC) board
when it failed to endorse a restructuring of the sport of cycling that would
have given Walsh more power as head cycling coach.

Watt, 32, lodged the writ for defamation in the Victorian Supreme Court this
week.

In the 10-page statement of claim, she alleges that Walsh engaged in a
deliberate campaign which severely and permanently injured her reputation.

The claim surrounds the publicity generated after an address by Walsh to the
Adelaide Press Club in August and the release by Walsh of a four-year-old report
at the same venue from former Australian cycling coach Jenny Albrecht.

"The publications contained personal attacks of a ... demeaning and insulting
nature ... (and their effect was) to disgrace, discredit and belittle the
plaintiff in the minds of the Australian public," the documents claimed.

"The publications contained words and phrases and allegations of such an
extravagant and inflammatory nature so as to attract the widest and most
prominent publicity to their comments."

Watt is seeking aggravated and/or exemplary damages, as well as special damages.
She claims she has lost endorsements and the opportunity of future sponsorship
because of the comments.

She also alleges Walsh called her a cheat.

Walsh, 55, wanted Lucy Tyler-Sharman to ride the individual pursuit at the
Atlanta Olympics, a decision Watt contested and won in the Court of Arbitration
for Sport.

Watt finished eighth in that race at the Olympics.

Watt said it was also alleged she refused to train or compete against
Tyler-Sharman; took action to secure her own place in the individual pursuit
that cost Tyler-Sharman the chance of winning a gold medal; was a failure at the
Atlanta Olympics because she did not give up her ride to Tyler-Sharman, and was
guilty of unacceptable, unsportsmanlike and immoral conduct in securing a place
in the race over another rider she knew to be better.

The court case, listed for November 22 for a direction's hearing, could impact
on Walsh's future in coaching.

He was supposed to be appointed as the Australian Cycling Federation's (ACF) new
head "super-coach" next week, but the ASC board has refused to endorse the new
coaching structure proposed by the ACF which wanted Walsh as head coach,
overseeing six other specialist coaches.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: Coach Charlie Walsh, subject of defamation writ; Olympic
gold medallist Kathy Watt.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1996 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

On your mind ... Leonard Pitts' column about voter ID laws

SECTION: IDEAS & VOICES; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 1268 words


PITTS IS ALL WRONG

ID shouldn't be a huge obstacle

After reading most of Leonard Pitts' columns, it appears that he sees racial
bias in most everything. I do not know whether requiring a voter ID is intended
to suppress the black vote or prevent voter fraud, but I do know that
politicians continue to play games with the voting public.

It is a privilege for citizens to vote, not a right. For the past several years,
I have been asked for a photo ID when I go to cast my vote. Presenting a photo
ID is required for so many activities in our daily lives that I can't see why
asking for one when you vote is a huge obstacle for anyone.

If you do not drive or have a passport, you can obtain an acceptable Ohio photo
ID from the state. My mother and mother-in-law did so years ago. I would hope
that if you receive government assistance, that you would be asked to prove you
are who you say you are, and that you are legally entitled to government
programs.

So, if presenting a voter ID becomes law, then people who don't have an ID
should be provided the opportunity to get one. If they are unwilling or afraid
to do so, then that is their choice and they should not be eligible to vote. -
JULIE

FISCHER, TROY

'Belittles members of his race'

Leonard Pitts continues to use his writing skills to fan the dying embers of
racism. He belittles members of his race, implying that many are incapable of
acquiring a photo ID, a very simple task.

History is proving individuals like Lyndon John-son (Great Society), the Rev.
Jesse Jackson, the Rev. Al Sharpton (all Democrats) and Pitts continue to
destroy the lives of millions of African-Americans. The question is, why? The
answer: It fattens their bank accounts. - THOMAS E. SUBLER, VERSAILLES

Pitts wrong about voter fraud

So Leonard Pitts doesn't think voter fraud is a rampant problem? He needs to
familiarize himself with one Ike Brown and his tactics in Mississippi and the
voter fraud and intimidation by ACORN (which is alive and thriving under a
different name) and the New Black Panthers during the last presidential
election.

That the Department of Justice failed to prosecute in any of these instances is
no surprise. It is staffed and controlled by those who adhere to Pitts' radical,
racially charged rhetoric. I bet all those wads of cash passed hand to hand
under the table are not showing up on any income tax returns either. - THOMAS

GEORGE, CENTERVILLE

'You want people like this to vote?'

Let's see if I have this right: You have no driver's license because you have
nothing to drive or because your license has been suspended. You have no
passport because you have never been out of the country. You have no other photo
ID because you don't have a bank account or because you are too lazy to get one
or you don't want to get one. You work and get paid under the table, which means
you don't pay taxes.

And you want people like this to vote? Leonard Pitts, what are you thinking? -
THOMAS H. ROUTSONG,

SPRINGBORO

Voting rules apply to everyone

Several of the states that I have visited and/or lived in offer a state-issued
photo ID for a modest price. And if you are poor, there will most likely be
subsidized taxi or bus service to get you to the DMV or whatever entity can
issue the ID.

What Pitts seems to not see or ignores outright is that we want to be sure that
each person who votes is, in fact, the person he or she claims to be. And since
this requirement is applied to blacks, whites, Hispanics, Asians and all other
groups, it cannot be racist.- RALPH

PHARES, XENIA

Laws are meant to suppress votes

I do think voter ID laws are intended to suppress votes. They are intended to
suppress the votes of illegal immigrants who register to vote in "get out the
vote drives" and subsequently vote in an election without having to prove, with
a government-issued ID, that they are a citizen.

They are intended to suppress the votes of people who register fictitious names
and subsequently vote multiple times in an election, or who pay others to vote
under fictitious names or legitimate voters' names before they are able to show
up at the polls.

Those who throw up the race card are simply pyromaniacs in a field of straw men.
These laws are not intended to disenfranchise blacks or the poor.

Citizenship and the voting franchise is a civic duty that requires a certain
amount of responsibility. An informed and honorable electorate would be nice,
but the least a responsible citizen should be willing to do is recognize that
our society is in danger, and be eager to prove they are not part of the
problem. - MICHAEL KELLER, WASH-INGTON TWP.

PITTS IS RIGHT ON

'Trying to strangle minority voters'

I couldn't agree more (with this column). A stark example is what reportedly
happened in Florida during the 2000 presidential election. Whenever a car loaded
with African-Americans approached a polling booth, GOP thugs, including police
officers to needlessly check registration and insurance, stopped them. This
tactic scared off many. At the same time, Asian doctors driving Lexuses were
welcomed.

It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that the GOP is trying to
strangle minority voters. My only prayer is the 2012 election is fair and honest
and not a repeat of 2000. -

VITTAL P. PYATI, BEAVERCREEK

Voting districts manipulated, too

It is my opinion that these laws have always been written to inhibit the more
liberal-leaning voter.

It is like the political party that controls state elections by manipulating
voting districts, much like what is done in New Hampshire and Ohio this year.
Republicans seem better at this than Democrats.

I would like to see states bisected by a middle-of-the-state, north/south and
east/west line separating the state into electoral regions, regardless of
population. Each region would have four reps and two senators.

These regions could further be divided into four parts, regardless of population
for the reps and the senators elected, at large. -

MARION L. MAYE, LEBANON

How would HB 194 stop voter fraud?

I agree with Leonard Pitts that voter ID laws are intended to control elections
and restrict voting rights - particularly of blacks, poorer working people,
students and others who usually tend to vote for Democratic candidates.

It is difficult to believe that HB 194 (the voter ID law passed by the Ohio
Legislature in 2011, which is now on the 2012 ballot as a referendum) was
intended to prevent fraud. Actual records show only negligible fraud in Ohio
elections.

Then, one wonders how the provisions of the law could possibly prevent any fraud
that did exist. A few of the many restrictive provisions in the bill would:

* Allow fewer days for mail-in and in-person early voting (more difficult for
seniors or those with little flexibility).

* Eliminate early voting in evenings, Saturday afternoons and Sundays - the only
times some can vote.

* Eliminate the requirement that poll workers give voters information when they
are in the wrong precinct.

* Ban a voting line from interfering with a nearby business. Shouldn't democracy
have precedence for a day?

* Take away the 10-day time period to correct a provisional ballot. This almost
guarantees that provisionals won't be counted.

And we must also recognize that most voter ID bills were not written with the
problems of a particular state in mind. The American Legislative Exchange
Council, formed in 1973 to give corporations more influence in elections, crafts
model bills on many issues and makes these available for introduction in state
legislatures. During 2011, similar voter ID bills, attributable to ALEC, were
introduced in at least 33 states. - MARY

DUERKSEN, OXFORD

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              28 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 24, 2010 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Doing good for goodness' sake

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 882 words

Doing good for goodness' sake

The research on "moral licensing" -- finding that people who do good things such
as conserving energy or eating healthy are more likely to then do bad things
such as wasting energy or eating junk food -- is clever, valid and important
["Does being good make us bad?," Business, July 18]. But the story was
misleading in suggesting virtuous behavior inevitably cancels itself out.

Furthermore, the article picked mostly on conservation-oriented behavior when
the phenomenon is much more general. One of the studies cited, wherein one-third
of people who greened their homes saw no reduction in utility bills, could be
viewed from another perspective:  A much greater number of survey respondents
reported that they did see a reduction.

The moral-licensing work should be taken seriously, as a cautionary tale. But
before we proclaim the futility of doing good, let's take a deep breath (of
clean air), calm down and figure out how to get even more people to improve
their behavior in consistent ways.

Jack Glaser, Berkeley, Calif.

Father's little helper

Philip Kennicott, author of the July 17 Style article "With great can-fare,"
obviously does not appreciate the wide variety of uses for, and the
effectiveness of, WD-40, or he wouldn't have described it as a "panacea for
losers."

The facts he mentioned -- e.g., serious mechanics have relied on it for 50-plus
years, its fan club has 120,000 members and it's been passed down between
generations -- are clear evidence that it is highly effective. Yet the author
belittles this wonderful example of American ingenuity that has served
mechanics, handymen and homeowners so well for over half a century.

I am sure that some people misuse WD-40 and hammers, as the author described, to
try to solve problems that they don't understand or lack the skills to resolve,
but that is no reason to belittle such tools.

Paul Hurwitz, Rockville

BMW's nominal hybrid

Warren Brown's column on the new BMW ActiveHybrid7 ["A green machine, in black
tie," Car Pages, July 11] misfired.

Focusing on the black-tie price and opulent amenities, Brown overlooked the real
story -- that this nominal hybrid gets worse mileage than many if not most
standard gasoline-powered sedans. A six-year-old Honda Accord, for example, uses
25 percent less fuel on the highway. Saying so isn't passing judgment on the
luxury-auto sector or paying homage to the Prius crowd. But let's call a
4,700-pound hybrid that gets 18 mpg in the city what it really is: an oxymoron.

Richard N. Mott, Arlington

Burning the toast at work

Joe Yonan's heart was in the right place in his July 14 Food section column,
"Hot times in the office kitchenette," but cooking at the office is a terrible
idea. I love to cook, and I agree that it can be pleasurable and much healthier
than eating out, but the average work kitchen is not the appropriate place for
his approach.

My office has two staff kitchens, but they are often busy and there isn't enough
space for someone to linger over food preparation. My largest concern, though,
has to do with food etiquette.

Tastes vary greatly from person to person, and one person's culinary masterpiece
is another's headache. I seriously doubt that a paper towel is containing the
smell of the sardines that Yonan is heating in the microwave. The author
mentioned that with the techniques he uses, he hasn't encountered the wrath of
others, but with the publication of the article he might.

Betsy Garman, Washington

When Page 1 is not enough

Seriously, what is wrong with The Post's news judgment? At 5:04 a.m. July 16, I
was awakened by vibrations. It turned out it was a magnitude 3.6 earthquake, the
strongest in Washington's recorded history ["The Earth trembled in Md.; people
kept a stiff upper lip," front page, July 17]. The quake was all the talk around
office water coolers and the lead on every Washington TV channel and even the
network news shows.

So where does Washington's local paper of record play this story? In the lower
right-hand corner of the July 17 front page. Outstripping the local quake were
stories on Mexican drug violence, Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner's
growing influence and Republican campaign strategies for the fall -- all canned
stories that could have been run at any time.

Given that the Saturday paper is not generally stuffed with news, was the best
you guys could do a short front-page lead-in to the continuation on Page A5? Get
serious.

Larry Hojo, Silver Spring

Who pays for lunch? We do.

The July 17 Metro section front page declared: "Turns out, there is such a thing
as a free lunch."

I guess it depends on your perspective, but I'm quite certain that taxpayers pay
for those school meals for area children in the summer. Why are we so often
forgotten?

Mary Helen Amery, Montgomery Village

The plight of the headline

From the July 20 Metro section: "Clown takes serious spin in plight to end
bullying."

I am puzzled by this headline on Petula Dvorak's interesting column. I have
never heard "plight" used in quite this way. I know that you can "plight" your
troth, and I know all about the "plight" of those who are bullied, but a
"plight" to end bullying seems like a somewhat unusual and recherchÃ© use of the
word. Would not "pledge" or "effort" been better choices?

Linda Motton, Frederick

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 4, 2003 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

No heroes in the war on terrorism;
Relativities

BYLINE: Andrew Cornell

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 822 words


Some of the heroes of the September 11 terrorist attack in New York are suing
for compensation. More than a year after the World Trade Center collapsed in
that horrific plume of smoke, dust, fire and ash, nearly 400 firefighters and
paramedics remain on sick leave due to the toxic cocktail they inhaled.

Doctors are still trying to determine just why recovery is taking so long.

The plight of these people is truly awful, but it's not very heroic behaviour to
go for the courts.

Heroes don't normally have lawyers. Superheroes, which is what the New York fire
and police departments now appear to be composed of, if you watch American
television, are not usually on invalid lists for years.

Can you imagine Batman unable to rescue Gotham for a year because he did a hammy
when a Bat-rappeller came loose? Or Superman allowing Lex Luthor to get away
with dastardly deeds because he's in dispute with the Mayor over who's
responsible for the collateral damage caused by a locomotive he ripped from its
tracks to block a tidal wave?

But these firefighters are not Bat or Super persons, they are not really heroes
at all. They are ordinary people who were doing their jobs when a catastrophe
struck. They kept doing their jobs and some in fact, many behaved with
extraordinary courage. Some of their behaviour was heroic.

It is shocking that despite all they suffered, and evidently continue to suffer,
technicalities about what constitutes an environmentally dangerous atmosphere or
which agencies are responsible threaten to impede proper treatment or
compensation.

While thousands, millions, clearly want to applaud their efforts on that
terrible day, consecrating them "heroes" belittles an extraordinary human
achievement.

And it belittles the achievements of other equally committed, equally courageous
ordinary people who place themselves in danger doing their jobs in lower-profile
disasters.

This is not just a semantic issue but dangerously muddled thinking of the kind
all too evident in the United States today, particularly from George Bush with
his talk of "with us or against us" and "evildoers".

Good and evil are useful concepts but they are simply too simplistic for the
complexity of the world today. Describing it with blunt, value-laden instruments
like good, evil, hero and villain - although Bush does frequently throw in the
somewhat confusing "folks" a fair bit - is like tackling surgery with barbecue
tools.

It would be nice if Superman were around to tackle Osama bin Laden although if
he were truly Superman he would negotiate peace in the Middle East and teach in
the fundamentalist schools of all creeds that tolerance, not violence, paves the
stairway to heaven.

Simplistic terms construct simplistic solutions. They lead to condemnation of
those who seek to understand on the grounds that to understand means to condone.
Hence many in the US and elsewhere who have sought to comprehend and not just
condemn events like September 11 or the Bali atrocity are branded "appeasers".

Those, like Susan Sontag for example, who pointed out the September 11 hijackers
were not "cowards", made not just a pedantic point but a crucial one if such
events are to be prevented. Yet this clarity of thought was set upon as
"un-American" at the time.

Sadly, history tells us "appeasers" are more likely to find sustainable answers
than the good and evil crowd who, it has been well documented, helped create
al-Qaeda in the first place when there was another "evil" empire, the Soviets.

It is particularly disturbing to see prominent and influential figures in public
life making statements like the "greatest obstacle" to an American "victory" in
the latest "war" being "our own intellectuals ... multiculturalists rejecting
the concept of objectivity", as Leonard Peikoff did in full page advertisements
in The New York Times.

It would be nice if good and evil were clear-cut and obvious, but so too
objectivity.

However, objectivity has been one of the first victims of the new war on
terrorism in the sense that our ability to clearly discern and understand
objects and subjects has been debilitated by the language of heroes and
villains.

One of those horribly maimed in the Bali bombing said after leaving hospital: "I
went to war and came back a hero." No, she went on holiday and came back a
victim, something much, much worse and something we owe it to society and
ourselves to do everything possible to prevent while preserving those qualities,
like tolerance, plurality and freedom, that constitute

our humanity.

The world doesn't need heroes such as these.

What the world does need is analysts and leaders who recognise we don't exist in
comic books, that truth is not always self-evident, that proclaiming the world
is black and white may make us feel better but doesn't ultimately help.

Precision in language, whether it is called relativism or even "post-modern",
may introduce a lot of grey but then, we live in a grey world.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                              May 31, 1996, Friday

APPEAL BY NEWS BID TO BELITTLE JUDGE: QC

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: ATKINS D

LENGTH: 597 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Appeal by

News bid

to belittle

judge: QC

By DENNIS ATKINS legal affairs writer IN its bid to set up Super

League, News Limited believed that as ""super nationals" its

executives could do no wrong, the Federal Court full bench in Sydney

was told yesterday.

Australian Rugby League counsel Bob Ellicott, QC, said that, when

trial judge James Burchett caught News out behaving dishonestly, they

launched one of the most vic

ious judicial attacks possible.

The ARL is opposing an appeal by News, Super League and others

against Justice Burchett's judgment and orders preventing the

establishment of the rebel football compet

ition.

Mr Ellicott said Justice Burchett was depicted as an emot

ional incompetent, a picture that was a joke.

""The reality, of course, is that the judge found them out. He laid

bare News's dishonesty," Mr Ellicott said.

""News's problem may be that it believes in the divine right of

super nationals.

""That is to say that (News Corporation CEO and chairman) Rupert

(Murdoch) cannot do any wrong, that (News Limited CEO) Ken (Cowley)

cannot do any wrong and (News deputy CEO) Lachlan (Murdoch) cannot do

any wrong.

""News Limited must have perhaps, as somebody has suggested, an

ethical void. They know not what they do."

Mr Ellicott said News's appeal tactic was to kill the messenger,

the judge, who was ""the bearer of bad news, of the badness of News".

News had set out to belittle the judge by saying that while the

full court was a proper court, Justice Burchett's court was not a

proper court. This was the message from ""some office in New York".

Mr Ellicott said News had acquired the raw materials for a rebel

competition using dishonest means.

""By stealth, by deceit and by night and then by further deception

and secrecy they acquired the players, the good

will of officials and coaches and clubs," Mr Ellicott said.

""They take over, in that exercise, they grab essentially a very

significant part of the league."

Mr Ellicott said he did not apologise for calling rugby league an

Australian icon, saying it was something very close to Sydney, telling

its history.

""Rugby league has been close to (Sydney) and spreads to Brisbane.

It is an icon," he said.

The ARL rejected News's sub

mission that there was no legal duty and obligation, based on a

joint venture, between the clubs and the league.

There had always been such agreements but it had never been

necessary to write them down.

Before 1995, no one had questioned the relationship between the

league and the clubs because everyone was united in a common purpose to

promote the premiership compet

ition.

Mr Ellicott said this was epit

omised by the Tina Turner song Simply the Best, which he said the

appeal judges must have noticed, even if it was only to ask it be

turned off.

Mr Ellicott said players, including ""magnificent" competitors

like Laurie Daly and Alfie Langer, only owed their reput

ation to the fact they were part of the ARL.

""They are people who owe their repute, and the clubs them

selves owe the goodwill that surrounds them, to their involvement

in the compet

ition," he said.

In Brisbane's case, they came into the competition in 1988 and

after not having ""to pay a penny or a cent" they could amass immense

good

will.

""They almost fill the State of Origin for Queensland in some

years; Wally Lewis is the king, and all the rest of it: the whole

thing," said Mr Ellicott.

""This is all emanating from their involvement in the competition

and this is the good

will.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              31 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 25, 2007 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Rants and Rivalry;
Coaches' Comportment Is Enough to Make A Fan Want to Scream

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 598 words


On March 16, Mike Wise's Sports column touched on University of Maryland men's
basketball coach Gary Williams's stomping, swearing and sighing. That evening, I
watched Virginia Tech's Seth Greenberg use profanity after a technical foul was
called against him. On March 18, I read that Virginia's Dave Leitao "regularly
can be seen unleashing expletive-laced tirades at his players."

As a high school principal and teacher, if I yelled and cursed at my staff, they
would not work harder or do better work. If I yelled and cursed at my students
in class under the guise of motivating them, I would be fired.

Why, then, are we watching a college basketball tournament in which coaches --
ostensible educators -- yell and curse at their students to make them play
harder and do better?

Why will they not be fired for cursing in their "classrooms"?

I pose these questions as someone who follows sports intently. I love
competition. I was fortunate to coach at the high school level (for five years)
and the youth level (for several more). The school I work at, DeMatha Catholic
High School, is known for its sports program and, while our staff is not
perfect, this is an issue about which we are in constant dialogue.

Youth, high school and college coaches have an educational responsibility. All
good teachers know that the behavior they model for students is the behavior
they get in return. If you want committed scholars, commit yourself to
scholarship. If you want to inculcate a sense of service, be a model of service.
If you want reflective and thoughtful students, be a caring and thoughtful
mentor. Abusing students does not make them perform better.

There are those who romanticize the figure who mistreats others under the notion
of "making men" out of them. There are those who excuse chronic bad behavior
because the coach wins many games. Others defend this kind of coaching by
claiming that sports is warfare, and that in warfare the niceties of society are
left behind. One would hope that the effects of our real war would give the lie
to this argument.

Most of the worst coaching behavior I see is precisely at these "educational
levels" of sports instruction and competition.

Many professional coaches do not berate or belittle their players. Joe Gibbs of
the Redskins, Eddie Jordan of the Wizards and Tony Dungy of the Super Bowl
champion Indianapolis Colts immediately come to mind. Numerous demanding
teachers and coaches get top performances from their students and players
without abusing them. Good teachers and coaches challenge their students and
athletes. They demand excellence that exceeds their proteges' expectations --
thereby giving them a priceless gift: self-confidence.

I believe that pro coaches scream at and belittle their players less often
because the players are adults who would not tolerate being abused. The reason
coaches at amateur levels treat their players poorly, I think, is because they
can get away with it.

Coaches have a power over players who accept this abuse in the hope that it will
advance their careers -- and parents too often accept the mistreatment of their
children under the misguided notion that their son or daughter will benefit. In
the most extreme cases, parents believe that they themselves will profit
financially in some way.

These coaches have a power over administrators, boosters and fans as long as
they win games.

It's enough to make one yell and curse.

-- Daniel McMahon

Adelphi

The writer is the principal and a world literature teacher at DeMatha Catholic
High School in Hyattsville. His e-mail address is dmcmahon@dematha.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Jonathan Newton -- The Washington Post
IMAGE; By Tony Dejak -- Associated Press; Clockwise from above: Virginia Tech's
Seth Greenberg, Maryland's Gary Williams and Virginia's Dave Leitao show their
bench demeanors during recent NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament games.
IMAGE; By Jay Laprete -- Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           September 19, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Don't be so quick to belittle our Big 12

BYLINE: Kirk Bohls AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 678 words


Oh, sure, go ahead and belittle us.

Run us into the ground now that Vince Young is in that other league and we're
breaking in eight new quarterbacks.

Get your shots in now.

Our very own Big 12 last weekend drops a nonconference football game or two -
all right, seven - and everybody wants to make like we're a swimming conference.

Never mind that we are - thank you, Eddie Reese, Mr. Olympics.

But we do play a mean brand of football. Or at least we used to.

After all, our league has produced three straight BCS national championship
finalists and four in the last six years, delivered two of the last six national
champions and had two of the last eight Heisman Trophy winners - maybe even
three, if the Downtown Athletic Club retroactively stipulates that all its
winners actually pay their own rent during college.

Look on the bright side:

Texas could be the best team in the country outside of Ohio. And maybe Michigan.
California, perhaps.

Adrian Peterson could be the first pick of next year's NFL draft. (Hello,
Texans. You're on the clock.)

Kansas State's socks match.

Only Baylor is on NCAA probation for football. (Colorado's on double-secret
probation for its version of "Sex and the City," but we don't count that.)

Oklahoma hasn't kicked a player off the team in weeks.

Kansas basketball starts soon.

Here are 10 major reasons you and your friends can use to argue why the Big 12
remains the best football conference in the nation.

(1) No one is more candid than our Mike Leach.

There's not another football coach in America who will excoriate his own team
like Texas Tech's reigning king of insult. He's the Don Rickles of college
football. Who else calls his own team soft and a bunch of prima donnas?

''We were soft and (had) our pretty-boy little attitude. . . . We got what we
deserved,'' Leach said Monday, responding to his team's 12-3 loss to Texas
Christian.

(2) Colorado has lost only three games.

Granted, Dan Hawkins' team has played only three, but the NCAA issued a
favorable ruling that a poor showing in the Buffaloes' final preseason
intrasquad scrimmage will not be held against them.

Of course, Georgia's up next on the schedule.

(3) Missouri's pretty good.

Really. No joke. No punch line. Probably the most improved team in the league.

(4) Nebraska held USC under 40, which is a heckuva lot more than Arkansas can
say.

(5) Nobody whines better than our Bob Stoops.

OK, so he has a point after Mike Bellotti's uncle and second cousin by marriage
ruled that Oregon successfully recovered the onside kick that a Duck touched
before 10 yards.

And we agree that the Zapruder film confirms the Single-Pass Theory - that the
Ducks' pass did ricochet off Sooners defensive end C.J. Ah You and the white
picket fence at Dealy Plaza and Tom Cruise's baby before safety Darien Williams
supposedly interfered with the Oregon receiver.

Report Oklahoma's record as 2-1*.

(6) Speaking of penalties, there's not a team among the 119 in Division I-A that
can false-start, hold, block in the back or delay a game quite like our
Longhorns.

(7) We rock on fourth-and-inches.

Sure, go ahead, and blast our Dennis Franchione for going for it on a gutsy,
fourth-and-centimeters call at his own 31 - when a punt would be the safe and
prudent thing to do and seal the Texas A&M win. Just rip into the Aggie coach,
who was trying to make a statement against that powerhouse Army.

OK, so he did make a statement. It was dumb. But it didn't backfire, did it?

(7a) Bobby Ross doesn't coach in the Big 12. Yes, the Army coach actually made a
worse decision than Fran when he tried to run in the winning touchdown on the
last play of the game from the, what, 23-yard line?

(8) Did we mention Mike Leach? The guy is cracked-ribs funny.

(9) No stinking way can Toledo beat one of our teams in regulation. It took the
Rockets an overtime before they could knock off our Kansas Jayhawks.

Besides, our Mark Mangino can outeat Toledo's Tom Amstutz any day of the week.
If you don't believe me, let's say cheesesteaks at 20 paces.

(10) At least we don't have a blue field like Boise State.

kbohls@statesman.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 19, 1993 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TAPE SHOWS FIVE HOSTAGE GUARDS ALIVE

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 176 words

DATELINE: LUCASVILLE, OHIO


Negotiators trying to end a deadly prison uprising said Sunday they had

proof that five guards held hostage were alive but would not say if a

settlement was imminent.

One released hostage said inmates killed a guard because a corrections

official appeared to belittle their demands.

Negotiators at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility had obtained an

audio tape proving that all five guards still being held hostage were "alive

and well," said Sharron Kornegay, spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of

Rehabilitation and Correction.

She would not say when or how the tape was obtained.

She said at an afternoon briefing that negotiations had resumed but would not
say how or if any progress was made.

The siege began April 11 when 450 inmates took eight guards hostage and

gained control of a cellblock.

Seven inmates and one guard have died. Two guards have been released.

Former hostage James Demons, 26, said that the only dead hostage, Robert
Vallandingham, was killed because corrections spokeswoman Tessa Unwin seemed

to belittle inmates' threats to kill a hostage.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

Nicknames can be cruel when a client's the mark

BYLINE: JULIE CRESWELL

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

Less-than-flattering code names that companies in a variety of industries have
used to describe some of their customers are a fact of life, but those terms can
point to a poisoned business environment.

FULL TEXT

Are you a Muppet or a Clancy? A Bobblehead or a Clampett?

You may be, even if you do not know it. All of these are less-than-flattering
code names that companies in a variety of industries have used to describe some
of their customers or clients.

The topic of name-calling on Wall Street landed on the front burner Wednesday
after an executive director from Goldman Sachs, on his last day at the company,
wrote an Op-Ed column in The New York Times in which he said that the investment
bank often derided its customers as ''Muppets.''

Goldman's top executives said in a message to the company's employees that the
firm had a ''client-driven'' culture. Still, if some folks inside Goldman's
walls came up with uncomplimentary terms to refer to its own customers, they are
hardly alone. Many industries and companies have their own secret codes or
language to tag others behind closed doors.

Advertising executives call people ''Bobbleheads'' if they approve of everything
a boss says or does. In New York political circles, a ''Checkbook'' is the
wealthy client of a consultant who wants to run for office or start an issue
campaign but whose only qualification or redeeming value is being rich.

Flight attendants are known to call the infrequent leisure traveler a
''Clampett,'' for the fictional family in the 1960s TV sitcom ''The Beverly
Hillbillies.'' Some elite frequent fliers with extremely high expectations get
the special designation of ''platinum trash,'' according to people in the
industry.

Some nicknames can obviously be harmless or even be viewed as a term of
endearment, the way a parent would call a child a ''rug rat.'' When military
contractors call their customers ''warfighters,'' there is pride associated with
that term.

But nicknames in other contexts can have a much darker meaning, said Lindsay
Thompson, an associate professor at the Johns Hopkins Carey Business School in
Baltimore who studies the role of character and human values in business,
society and corporate culture.

''You could interpret an ugly side to this,'' Ms. Thompson said. ''Why would you
call anybody a Muppet unless it was to belittle them?''

She added: ''We all have this impression of Goldman Sachs and the financial
industry - that they're a little bit arrogant, look down on people, do things
with money and we don't understand what they're doing.''

So, she said, ''anything that characterizes from their perspective or from their
voice that belittles other people or categories of other people is going to
confirm that impression in some people's minds.''

It certainly appeared that Stratfor, an intelligence firm based in Texas, was
poking fun at its own clients when WikiLeaks released an internal glossary from
the company this year that defined a ''Clancy'' as ''somebody who has read a lot
of Tom Clancy novels and thinks he knows the craft. Total moron.''

George Friedman, the chief executive of Stratfor, said in an e-mailed statement
that the glossary was a ''joke'' written by its staff in 2005 as a spoof of
intelligence terms. ''It was never used to mock our own customers or to train
any of our staff,'' Mr. Friedman said. ''It was intended as lighthearted fun
directed at ourselves and the profession.''

But it is hard to top Wall Street for dark humor. In an e-mail, a former Wall
Street stock broker, who is now independent and did not want to be identified,
said clients were often described as ''pikers'' (small fish), ''marks'' (easy
prey) or ''pawns'' (will do anything asked, no matter how ridiculous).

In the credit card industry, ''deadbeats'' are not customers who fail to pay
their bills - they are customers who pay off their credit cards each month, thus
depriving the banks and credit card companies of the hefty interest charges.

A ''Third Avenue guy'' is someone on Wall Street who is not smart enough to work
for a company with offices in a more upscale neighborhood, while a ''duffel
bag'' is a person on Wall Street who is never going to move beyond carrying
someone else's bag.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      March 31, 2016 Thursday 6:09 PM GMT

Trump backtracks from abortion remarks as Wisconsin primary looms - campaign
live;
Ted Cruz holds a narrow lead in the next Republican contest while Democrats
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders turn their attention to New York

BYLINE: Alan Yuhas in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 4596 words


block-time published-time 6.09pm BST

Cruz belittles Kasich over Wisconsin

Ted Cruz just spoke to Charlie Sykes, a conservative radio host, and used his
time on Wisconsin's most prominent conservative radio to relentlessly belittle
John Kasich.

"If Kasich had dropped out before Illinois, I would have won Illinois and beaten
Trump," Cruz said. "What happened in Illinois could happen in subsequent
states."

Cruz. Photograph: Randy Holmes/Getty Images

He then took issue with Kasich's argument that he's the only Republican who can
beat Hillary Clinton in a general election. "You're not electable if you can't
win elections. He's lost 30 nationwide," he said, alluding to the race so far.
Kasich has only won in his home state of Iowa, and has nearly 600 fewer
delegates than Donald Trump.

"Part of the reason he does well against Hillary is that no one knows anything
about him."

Cruz threw in an aside about Trump's comments from Wednesday about "punishment"
for women who have illegal abortions. "Donald's notion was bizarre and something
with which I strongly disagree," Cruz said.

The Texas senator has a narrow lead over Trump in Wisconsin, according to poll
averages, and the state has a delegate system that awards 18 of its 42 delegates
to the candidate who wins the state-wide vote. The remainder are awarded by
Wisconsin's eight congressional districts: three each to the winner of each
district.

Running at 21% of the vote to Cruz's 33%, per the polls, Kasich could spoil the
Texan's hopes to sweep all 42 delegates away from Trump.

enltrWhy We Are Endorsing Ted Cruz - Right Wisconsin https://t.co/vuo7asdWWG

- Charles Sykes (@SykesCharlie) March 21, 2016

block-time published-time 5.37pm BST

In perhaps the least surprising turn of the 2016 election, the National Border
Patrol Council has endorsed the Republican candidate who means to build a
massive border wall.

"Unlike his opponents, Donald Trump is not a career politician, he is an
outsider who has created thousands of jobs, pledged to bring about aggressive
pro-American change, and who is completely independent of special interests,"
the group said in a statement.

"We don't need a person who has the perfect Washington-approved tone, and
certainly NOT another establishment politician in the [White House].

"Indeed, the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump's tone than about
the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we need to know
about the corruption in Washington."

The group also praised Trump for enduring "the withering media storm". "He did
not back down one iota. That tells you the measure of the man.

"When the so-called experts said he was too brash and outspoken, and that he
would fade away, they were proven wrong. We are confident they will be proven
wrong again in November when he becomes President of the United States."

Earlier this week my colleague Paul Lewis met with families divided by a border
wall that already exists. They often meet there at the barrier, for "amargo y
dulce" reunions.

block-time published-time 5.12pm BST

Kasich ends the press conference. Sanders has finished too. Bill Clinton is
still meeting with voters in New York - and he's mentioned us!

Or at least he's mentioned a Guardian column published on Monday, by Jill
Abramson, the former editor of the New York Times. The Times' Amy Chozick is
with the former president, who is hosting an "organizing event" in the city.

enltrBill Clinton makes Jill Abramson's Guardian column central part of stump
speech. "I woke up to an article written by the former NYT editor."

- Amy Chozick (@amychozick) March 31, 2016

Later this afternoon he'll be doing three more events, one in Chelsea, near the
Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons, one in south Tribeca, just a few blocks
from the World Trade Center, and one at the United Federation of Teachers'
building, in the financial district. The events, unlike most staged by
candidates themselves, are not being aired online.

Bernie Sanders lands in the city this afternoon as well, to hold a rally up in
the south Bronx, alongside actor Rosario Dawson.

Related:  This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest | Jill
Abramson

block-time published-time 4.56pm BST

"I am with the Trump people, they just don't know me," Kasich insists.

"They see Coke, Pepsi and Kasich, when they're out shopping," he says. They go
with what they know.

He gets as close as he ever has to disavowing Trump the hypothetical nominee:
"If he were the nominee, at that point, I would have to determine how I felt."

Trump is "pulling so many people apart," Kasich says. "Terrible, atrocious"
attacks on women, on Muslims, on "people who came here, came here illegally, but
should have an opportunity to settle here, if they have not violated the law."

"And then these absolutely absurd statements," about building a wall and making
Mexico pay for it. Kasich blames the press, or at least television, for giving
so much airtime to the former reality TV star. "I don't know how you people even
deal with this," he says. "You also have a responsibility in this business!"

"It's an unsettling time but people are looking for a way to express their
frustrations, and he's a way to do it."

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.57pm BST

block-time published-time 4.51pm BST

Kasich takes a question. Will you support Donald Trump if he's the nominee.

He doesn't really answer. He says he believes Trump will not have the 1,237
delegates to win the nomination outright. He doesn't think much of the other
Republican in the race either.

"There's a greater chance that you will fly out of this building," he says, "and
fly up to where the ball drops at the end of the year, than for Ted Cruz to have
enough delegates to win the convention."

Then he says he'll do well in New York, and be "very competitive" in
Pennsylvania. "Finally people are starting to hear the message that I have, and
begin to understand the record, understand who I am."

"I'm the only one that, frankly, can win in the fall."

He argues that delegates will take their jobs seriously at the convention this
summer, and that if it goes past a first ballot chaos won't ensue. The reality
TV tenor of the Republican race won't survive, he insists. It's going to be
"less Kardashians, more who's gonna be president."

"Not that I have anything against the Kardashians, let them know."

CNN is not cooperating with his plea for seriousness.

enltrEnjoyable @CNN chyron moments ago: pic.twitter.com/CpgCA3PyT8

- Julie Bykowicz (@bykowicz) March 31, 2016

block-time published-time 4.43pm BST

Kasich attacks Trump, woos his base

John Kasich is giving a press conference in midtown New York to address the many
controversies of his Republican rival, Donald Trump.

He's rattling off a long list of things Trump has said that make him unprepared,
in Kasich's view (and many others') to be president.

Yesterday's comments about abortion and the " problem " of the Geneva
Conventions. Last year's belittling of "American heroes" who were prisoners of
war, such as John McCain. His idea that "Nato is obsolete" and his comments
suggesting a ban and religious test for Muslims.

Kasich says he believes "the religion of Islam has been hijacked by a handful of
extremists" and that the US should rally with Muslims around the world to
counter it.

"For those people who've been fervent Trump supporters, their frustrations,
their problems, do not fall on deaf ears for me," he says, mentioning stagnant
wages, huge debts, labor woes of the working-class voters around the US -
Trump's base. "There are a lot of people out there who say, 'why is no one
speaking for me?'"

"I share their frustration," he says. "I'm also a citizen, and I see what's
happening ... To the Trump voters, there's hope."

He says Trump is moving in an "unmoored, untethered fashion", and that he
understands that Trump is "a vessel" for their frustrations.

"I want to offer myself up as a new vessel," he concludes. "I take orders from
no one other than my wife."

Kasich. Photograph: Bryan Thomas/Getty Images

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.51pm BST

block-time published-time 4.34pm BST

Sanders continues with his stump speech, drawing the differences between him and
Clinton. She supported free trade deals, he did and does not; she voted for the
Iraq war and has supported military intervention abroad.

"No more stupid wars that our young people die for," he says, attacking
politicians who talk of increased military action. "It's not their kids that are
going to go to war, it's your kids."

"We are not addressing the real crises in this country," he says, boiling down
his stump speech into bullets.


     ·    "Campaign finance system which is corrupt and is undermining American
          democracy," he says. "Democracy is not about billionaires buying
          elections."
     ·    He adds to this voting rights, and the efforts to roll them back in
          southern states with laws that limit early voting, require photo ID,
          etc. "I really get outraged by Republican governors who do not have
          the guts to participate in free and fair elections."
     ·    "It is a rigged economy," he says, for crisis number three. "The top
          one tenth of 1% now own as much wealth as the bottom 90%." He goes
          after the Walton family, the owners of Walmart, and highlights them as
          the recipients of subsidies: "get off of welfare, pay your workers a
          living."
     ·    "It's a little bit stupid when struggling, working-class family have
          to subsidize the wealthiest family in America. We're gonna end that."
     ·    Minimum wage to $15 an hour. Expanded social security benefits. Equal
          pay for women. College loan forgiveness and free public college.
     ·    Sanders says that young people are on course to have a worse standard
          of living than their standards,"the American dream in reverse."
     ·    Climate change, a ban on fracking - a sensitive subject in western
          Pennsylvania, where the natural gas industry is immensely
          controversial - and the move away from fossil fuels toward developing
          renewable energy.
     ·    Paying for all this with taxes on the rich, closing loopholes in
          corporate tax law.


    Sanders in Pittsburgh. Photograph: Keith Srakocic/AP

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.14pm BST

block-time published-time 4.19pm BST

Sanders calls for Clinton's speeches

"I have here this morning a major announcement to make in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania," Sanders says. He's going to release "all of the transcripts of
all of the speeches that I have given to Wall Street."

"Are you ready?"

"Here they are!" He throws his arms up into the air toward the crowd with a
grin, and a little bit of "whoosh" sound, too.

"No transcripts, no speeches, not for $250,000, not for $2,000, not for $2," he
continues, starting to channel Larry David. "I just don't know why Wall Street
has not invited me to speak before them. You know I've got my cellphone on, I'm
waiting for the call!"

Then he gets back to the righteous anger of his stump speech: "Their greed,
their recklessness, and their illegal behavior, has done enormous harm to
millions of people in this country."

He debuted the joke at a Democratic debate earlier this year, but the crowd
doesn't mind at all. Clinton has said she's willing to release the transcripts
of speeches she gave to Wall Street firms, in all for more than $2m, though she
has not yet done so.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.15pm BST

block-time published-time 4.12pm BST

Bernie Sanders is holding an event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where a huge
crowd has turned out to a convention center for his speech.

"Let me begin by introducing myself to the state of Pennsylvania," he says.

"I am a senator from the state of Vermont. I grew up in Brooklyn New York. My
father came to this country at the age of 17 from Poland. And I grew up in
Brooklyn in a three-and-a-half room, rent-controlled apartment.

Sanders. Photograph: Andy Manis/AP

"The lessons that I learned growing up with a family that has to struggle
economically, is a lesson I have not forgotten and never will forget."

He gets a big ovation for that. "We started this campaign at 3% in the polls, he
says. "A lot has changed in the last 11 months."

"We are fighting hard in Wisconsin, which has their primary on Tuesday, then in
New York and then, on April 26, here in Pennsylvania!"

He's in a spirited mood, going on about how he can not only win the Democratic
nomination, but that several polls show him beating Donald Trump by about 20
points in a general election. He contrasts his campaign with Hillary Clinton's,
first by talking about her reliance on "big money". His campaign, he says does
not "beg Super Pacs" but has "gone to the working class and the middle class".

"And in 11 months we have received more than six million individual campaign
contributions. That is more contributions than any candidate in the history of
the United States of America."

The crowd is loving it, and boos vehemently when he brings up the "$15m from
Wall Street" that has gone to Clinton's campaign.

"I think that if you get paid $250,000 a speech, it must be an extraordinary,
mind-blowing, earth-shattering speech," he goes on. "It must be a speech written
in Shakespearean prose."

block-time published-time 4.01pm BST

My colleague Mona Chalabi  breaks down a new poll on the New York primary, as
pollsters take stock of the state.

The New York primary is a huge milestone in the Democratic nomination calendar.
With 291 delegates available, it could be a game changer for presidential
hopeful Bernie Sanders. At the moment, Sanders has lags behind Hillary Clinton
by 263 pledged delegates and time is running out to close that gap.

dem tracker

Previous opinion research has suggested that New York could be Bernie's undoing
- so far this year, two polls have showed that Hillary Clinton has a 21-point
lead in New York and one found that the former Secretary of State could win by
as much as 48 points. With less than three weeks until New York votes, a new
poll of voters conducted by Quinnipiac University offers some hope - it puts
Clinton on 54% of the vote and Bernie on 42%.

enltrNet favorability ratings from #NewYork State poll on Presidential hopefuls
#Election2016https://t.co/o2HO9dmayxpic.twitter.com/7PdWvapVnp

- Quinnipiac Poll (@QuinnipiacPoll) March 31, 2016

enltrDonald Trump seen unfavorably by ***74 percent*** in his native New York
City, per @QuinnipiacPoll

- Alex Burns (@alexburnsNYT) March 31, 2016

block-time published-time 3.47pm BST

Trump releases tax letter

Donald Trump has released a letter from his tax lawyers, who say he hasn't
released his federal tax returns - and in the process revealed what he's really
worth - because of a 14-year continuous audit by the IRS.

Trump's tax returns are "inordinately large and complex for an individual", they
write. The letter reads in part:

"You [Trump] hold interests as the sole or principal owner in approximately 500
separate entities. These entities are collectively referred to and do business
as The Trump Organization. These entities engage in hundreds of transactions,
deals, and new enterprises every year. Because you operate these businesses
almost exclusively through sole proprietorships and/or closely held
partnerships, your personal federal income tax returns are inordinately large
and complex for an individual.

"Your personal tax returns have been under continuous examination by the
Internal Revenue Service since 2002, consistent with the IRS's practice for
large and complex businesses. Examination of your tax returns for the years 2002
through 2008 have been closed administratively by agreement with the IRS without
assessment or payment, on a net basis, of any deficiency.

"Examinations for returns for the 2009 year and forward are ongoing. Your
returns for these years report items that are attributable to continuing
transactions or activities that were also reported on returns for 2008 and
earlier. In this sense, the pending examinations are continuations of prior,
closed examinations."

Translation: Trump is being audited, and he won't release the older tax returns
because they're related to business that's being audited in the newer tax
returns. You can read  the full letter here.

Trump's critics have called for him to release the tax returns and reveal his
true worth and business dealings; Mitt Romney, for instance, has suggested the
returns contain a "bombshell" revelation. More prosaically, they could simply
reveal that Trump is not worth the "TEN BILLION DOLLARS" [sic] that he told
campaign finance officials he is worth.

There are cracks in his claims to be worth billions, including at a golf course
in upstate New York. Trump told the FEC that the property was worth $50m, but he
told a judge that it's worth $1.4m as part of an argument that he should not
have to pay high taxes on it.

Related:  How Trump's $50m golf club became $1.4m when it came time to pay tax

block-time published-time 3.31pm BST

Retired senior military officers have denounced Donald Trump's description of
the Geneva Conventions as a "problem", my colleague Spencer Ackerman reports.
The former officers told him Trump's ideas range from the disgraceful to the
illegal.

"Donald Trump cannot possibly understand [Geneva] because he has neither the
experience, the expertise or the moral compass to grasp it," said Steve
Kleinman, an air force reserve colonel and an interrogations expert.

Geneva is "a fundamental moral and tactical construct that serves as a
foundation for the law of armed conflict, because all wars, including the global
war on terror, come to an end. We as a community of nations need to engage with
one another and not be separated by horrible, immoral treatment of one side over
another," Kleinman said.

At an appearance in Wisconsin, Trump said : "The problem is we have the Geneva
Conventions, all sorts of rules and regulations, so the soldiers are afraid to
fight."

Trump. Photograph: Rex

Trump has previously advocated killing the families of terror suspects, torture
" a hell of a lot worse " than waterboarding, and widespread bombing campaigns
against Islamic State, which operates in civilian-packed areas. The Geneva
Conventions provide the basis for protections against war crimes, privileging
the status of civilians and detainees during wartime.

"America's military men and women swear to support and defend the constitution,
including our obligations to adhere to treaties on the treatment of
non-combatants," said Paul Yingling, a retired US army colonel.

Yingling was the deputy commander of the armored cavalry regiment that
recaptured the Iraqi city of Tall Afar from insurgents. He gained renown in
military circles for criticizing the general officers who presided over the
deterioration of the Iraq war.

"Prisoners of war and the family members of suspected terrorists are
noncombatants. Torturing and murdering noncombatants are the actions of
criminals and cowards. America's military men and women are neither," Yingling
said.

Christopher Harmer, a former navy pilot and current analyst at the Institute for
the Study of War, said Trump's dismissal of Geneva demonstrated he was
"monumentally unprepared" for the White House.

"From advocating the assassination of women and children whose only crime is
being related to terrorists, to speaking glibly of carpet bombing entire swaths
of the Middle East, to opining that Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia should
obtain nuclear weapons, Donald Trump comes across exactly as what he is: a
reality TV star who has no idea about how US national security actually works in
practice," Harmer said.

"His candidacy is merely an embarrassment to the United States; if he were to
actually become president, the damage he would do to our strategic relationships
with our allies would be immense."

Related:  Trump attack on Geneva Conventions denounced by ex-officers and
advocates

block-time published-time 3.17pm BST

Politico has learned where Donald Trump went off on Thursday after a week of
blitzing the media and campaign trail with appearances. The businessman is in
Washington DC for a private meeting with his new foreign policy team, the
magazine reports.

Trump for months had declined to name his foreign policy advisers, and has said
that he largely relies on himself when it comes to matters of national security
and international relations.

"I know what I'm doing and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of
people and at the appropriate time I'll tell you who the people are," Trump said
earlier this month. "But my primary consultant is myself and I have a good
instinct for this stuff."

A week later, he rattled off the names of five men who are sources of regular
advice on national security: Walid Phares, Carter Page, George Papadopoulos, Joe
Schmitz, and Gen. Keith Kellogg.

The list, however, provided little reassurance to those concerned about Trump's
readiness to become commander in chief, as many of his named advisers are either
unknowns or have mixed reputations among GOP national security pros.

Related:  Anti-Isis proposals floated at Republican debate would likely be war
crimes

block-time published-time 2.57pm BST

John Kasich has released a statement on Donald Trump declaring him "not prepared
to be president". He still hasn't out and said he would not support Trump as the
nominee, however.

The statement reads in part:

"The past 24 hours revealed in the clearest way yet that Donald Trump is not
prepared to be president. On top of all his previous inflammatory statements,
yesterday he proposed punishing women who received abortions, attacked the
Geneva Conventions and said he'd nominate supreme court justices based on who
will look into Hillary Clinton's email scandal.

Donald Trump is not ready to be commander in chief. He talks loosely about the
use of nuclear weapons and of dismantling Nato. America is facing major
challenges at home and abroad and cannot afford to elect a president who does
not respect the seriousness of the office."

Kasich was in New York yesterday meeting voters and local Republican
politicians. His campaign does not list him  for any events today.

*Update: the campaign has announced Kasich will speak to the press in midtown
New York, at 11.10am local time. He's going to appear at the Sheraton New York
Times Square Hotel "to address Trump comments", according to a release.

Kasich, center. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.59pm BST

block-time published-time 2.41pm BST

Cruz jokes about hitting Trump with car

Ted Cruz faced an unusual question on Wednesday night: "Who do you like better,
Obama or Trump?"

The senator was on Jimmy Kimmel Live, and joked with the comedian about hitting
his opponent with a car.

"I dislike Obama's policies more, but Donald, uh, Donald is a unique
individual," Cruz said. "If I were in my car and getting ready to reverse and
saw Donald in the back-up camera, I'm not confident which pedal I'd push."

They also talked about crying at Star Wars, Mueslix and Cruz appears to allude
to the meme that he is the Zodiac killer.

And Stephen Colbert also met with a prominent senator last night: Democrat
Elizabeth Warren took to his CBS show to talk to talk about the election, and he
pressed her on whether she supports Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders.

She was cagey. He called her a "Vultron candidate". She made fun of Donald
Trump.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.03pm BST

block-time published-time 2.23pm BST

Bernie Sanders in the south Bronx, Hillary Clinton's off to upstate New York,
Ted Cruz has his wife campaigning in Wisconsin and Donald Trump is ... taking a
break.

Here's what's up on the schedule for Thursday, 31 March:


     ·    Bernie Sanders is holding a rally in Pittsburgh this morning
          (tentatively 10.30 Eastern), with an eye to blue-collar Pennsylvanians
          who live in and around Steeltown.
     ·    Hillary Clinton is near her home in Westchester, New York, for a rally
          at 1pm ET, while her husband Bill is down in the city holding three
          rallies on her behalf.
     ·    Clinton also is scheduled for an event in Purchase, New York, and then
          set to head off to Boston, Massachusetts, for an " evening fundraiser
          " with Forest Whitaker and a fundraiser with the former president of
          the Boston Red Sox.
     ·    Heidi Cruz and Carly Fiorina are stumping for the Texas senator in
          Green Bay, Appleton and Wausau, Wisconsin, today, at (10.30am, 12.45pm
          and 4.30pm local times, respectively). The campaign schedule doesn't
          list Ted Cruz himself as making an appearance, though he was in Los
          Angeles on Wednesday night and is likely fundraising, courting
          Republican leaders, etc.
     ·    Sanders then departs the Keystone State for the south Bronx. He'll be
          holding an evening rally at Saint Mary's Park, a slice of green south
          of 149th St, with actor Rosario and Grammy winner Residente.
     ·    Donald Trump is nowhere to be found ... except for TV, where he is
          everywhere. His campaign schedule says his next event ins't until
          Saturday, in Wausau, Wisconsin.


block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.34pm BST

block-time published-time 2.02pm BST

Hello and welcome to our rolling coverage of the 2016 campaign for the White
House, a race dominated by one man and his indefatigable ability to upset:
Donald Trump.

On Wednesday, the Republican frontrunner for president said " there has to be
some form of punishment " for women who have illegal abortions. After a huge and
swift outcry, including from members of his party, he retracted his statement,
saying he supported granting states the authority to ban and prosecute.

"The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb. My position has
not changed - like Ronald Reagan, I am pro-life with exceptions," he said in a
statement.

In 1999, when he was mulling a run for the presidency, Trump told NBC he was "
pro-choice in every respect ". But his position has starkly changed as a 2016
candidate.

The latest controversy from Trump came only a day after he turned the tables on
conservative conventions,  reneging on his pledge to support the Republican
nominee no matter who ends up being selected.

He abandoned the pledge only hours after Florida police charged his campaign
manager, Corey Lewandowski, with battery against a reporter. Trump defended the
aide, mocked the reporter and suggested her pen could well have been "a little
bomb".

Looming over these controversies - not to mention Trump's suggestion that more
Asian countries should develop nuclear weapons - is Wisconsin's primary on 5
April, where Trump will be put to the test. Texas senator Ted Cruz, endorsed by
the governor there, narrowly leads Trump in an average of polls, 33.7% to 29.9%.
Ohio governor John Kasich, adamantly staying in the race, trails at 21.8%.

Cruz and Kasich hope to win enough delegates to force Trump into a contested
convention this summer, where after an initial vote delegates will be unbound
from state results.

GOP

For Democrats, the focus is on both Wisconsin and New York, a state with 291
delegates at stake. The diverse electorate of working-class whites upstate,
minority majorities in New York City, financiers and progressives has made for a
surprisingly competitive race. Frontrunner Hillary Clinton represented the state
in the Senate for two terms, and set up her headquarters in Brooklyn. Bernie
Sanders grew up in the outer borough, retains his thick Brooklyn accent and has
found ready allies in the young people and progressives who've taken over the
area.

Both have turned their ire to the third New Yorker in the race, Trump, the
lifelong emblem of city tabloids, skyscraper branding and the borough of Queens.

Related:  'No hate in our state': undercover protesters take on Trump in
Wisconsin

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.45pm BST

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                              July 20, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Trump belittles 'war hero' McCain

BYLINE: Jonathan Martin; in Ames, Iowa

SECTION: A; Pg. A007

LENGTH: 561  words


Trump belittles 'war hero' McCain By Jonathan Martin in Ames, Iowa Donald Trump
Donald Trump has made his name in politics with provocative statements, but it
was not until Saturday, after the flamboyant businessman turned presidential
candidate belittled Arizona senator John McCain's war record, that many
Republicans concluded that silence or equivocation about his incendiary rhetoric
was inadequate.

Mr Trump upended a Republican presidential forum, and the race more broadly, by
saying of Senator McCain, a former prisoner of war: "He's not a war hero. He's a
war hero because he was captured.

I like people who weren't captured."

Senator McCain, a naval aviator, was shot down during the Vietnam War and held
prisoner for more than five years in Hanoi, refusing early release even after
being repeatedly beaten.

Mr Trump and Senator McCain have been engaged in a war of words over the past
week, since Senator McCain said Mr Trump was riling up "crazies" in the party
with his inflammatory remarks about Mexican immigrants.

After weeks when many of his Republican rivals have trodden lightly around Mr
Trump, who once again on Saturday refused to rule out a third-party run, some
seized the opportunity to speak out against a candidate they see as effectively
hijacking the party's primaries.

"Donald Trump owes every American veteran, and in particular John McCain, an
apology," said Rick Perry, the former Texas governor. Mr Perry argued Mr Trump's
comment made him unfit to be commander- in-chief.

South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham said that anybody serious about being
president would not be disrespectful of prisoners of war and predicted that the
early nominating states would render an unambiguous verdict on Mr Trump's
candidacy.

"Here's what I think they're going to say: 'Donald Trump, you're fired',"
Senator Graham said to laughs and applause.

For Mr Perry and Senator Graham, both retired air force officers who have
struggled to get traction in the race, Mr Trump's comments represented an
opportunity to highlight their own military service.

But Texas senator Ted Cruz, who is pursuing the sort of conservative voters who
are now considering Mr Trump, was more cautious. He told reporters that Senator
McCain is "an American hero" but added that he would not "say something bad
about Donald Trump".

Senator Cruz's reluctance to confront Mr Trump was perhaps best explained by the
reaction to Mr Perry's denunciation: While many in the crowd applauded, the
ovation did not last long, and nobody in the audience of nearly 3000 stood to
show their approval.

"It was not important to me," said Rose Kendall, an attendee from Burlington,
Iowa, of Mr Trump's comments. "He said that because John McCain talked him
down."

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton lambasted Mr Trump in a speech at the
Arkansas Democratic Party's annual Jefferson-Jackson dinner.

"There is nothing funny about" how Mr Trump has talked about immigrants or "the
insults he's directed at a genuine war hero, Senator John McCain," Mrs Clinton
told her audience in North Little Rock. "It's shameful."

Speaking to reporters after his turn on stage, Mr Trump tried to soften the
remarks, saying that any US veteran who was a prisoner of war was heroic.

Mr Trump, 69, said that he received medical deferments from the Vietnam War
because of a bone spur in his foot.

New York Times, Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 21, 2009 Monday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

NAME-CALLING IS NO WAY TO DEBATE ISSUES

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 1121 words


Disinformation on stilts in D.C. - Sept. 18, Daniel Ruth column

I always enjoy reading the opinion page in the Times. I get pleasure out of
reading what Daniel Ruth has to say, because he has a talent for saying things
in a "cute" way. He defends our president with the same energy that he defamed
our former president (which slows us his political preference).

I believe in freedom of speech, so he can say anything he wants about anyone.
But your readers need to be reminded that you cannot believe everything they see
in print. Like others, he belittles the crowd protesting in Washington, D.C., on
Sept. 12. I watched the protest and saw good American citizens from all over the
country, and from both political parties, peacefully expressing their legitimate
concerns about their government (and that is their right).

All Ruth has to say on the subject is lost in his stupid remarks about "people
who are dumber than a sack of Glenn Becks." He tries to belittle those who
listen to Beck, but he probably never watches Beck's TV show (on Fox). That is
where Beck shows us the truth: actual quotes and video of politicians (that is
good for people who want to know the facts). And he probably does not listen to
Rush Limbaugh, whom he calls a "simpleton." Limbaugh would not have been so
successful for more than 20 years (and still growing), if he was not brighter
than Dan Ruth himself.

We do not dignify ourselves by calling people demeaning things.

Arthur Olsen, Clearwater

* * *

Disinformation on stilts in D.C. - Sept. 18, Daniel Ruth column

Both sides are guilty of spreading misinformation

Perhaps Daniel Ruth should take a closer look at the disinformation being
wielded by those on both sides of the aisle in D.C.

Nancy Pelosi, Joe Biden and Barack Obama were shocked that a congressman called
him a liar when Obama said that no illegal immigrants would be covered by the
health care reform bill put forth by the liberal left.

Really? Until that moment, there did not exist in any bill a way to guarantee
that to be true. Democrats have since scrambled to put such a guarantee in a
bill, but we won't even know until the bill is signed by Obama, if it ever is,
that that guarantee will remain.

So the number of people protesting in Washington was misrepresented and an old
photo was sent around on the Internet. Big deal. It's not going to affect your
health care, is it?

Don't pretend that the left hasn't done their share of dispensing misinformation
and fearmongering. "Hypocrisy abounds" for sure, but at least admit it is from
both sides.

Winnie Bayon, Palm Harbor

* * *

Quickly changing attitudes - Sept. 17, letter

A right to disagree

To the letter writer who described those who dare to disagree with the party in
control of Washington as "a bunch of self-serving party hacks," here is what a
former first lady said:

"I am sick and tired of people who say that if you debate and you disagree with
this administration somehow you're not patriotic. We should stand up and say: We
are Americans and we have a right to debate and disagree with any
administration." - Hillary Clinton, April 28, 2003

S. Hutton, Belleair

* * *

Missile shield scrapped - Sept. 18, story

Ceding power

The president has canceled our missile defense plans which were to be located in
Eastern Europe. He has ceded U.S. power, if not in actuality then in appearance,
and the appearance of weakness invites the playground bully to throw a punch and
the rogue nation to launch a missile.

There is also danger here, at home. It appears a plot to bomb the New York City
subway was just foiled. What next, Mr. President? Will you send tea and crumpets
to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad when he visits the United Nations?

Charles V. Scott, St. Petersburg

* * *

Missile shield scrapped - Sept. 18, story

Scrapped it wasn't

Who wrote this headline? Was it Fox News, Glenn Beck, or Rush Limbaugh? As can
be seen from the first sentence of the story, the missile shield was not
"scrapped." It was (pick your word here) changed, enhanced, improved, modified,
modernized, etc.

What was scrapped was the land-based system that the Joint Chiefs of Staff felt
would not work as well as the new system. To say it was "scrapped" was either
irresponsible and biased, or was just an inadvertent mistake. I'm hoping
inadvertent mistake was the case because I've seen your paper do excellent,
accurate reporting. Unfortunately, lots of people only read the headline and
then jump to conclusions, so it is important you get the headline right.

Howard Taylor, Land O'Lakes

* * *

Getting cheated out of meager pay - Sept. 13, Robyn Blumner column

Capitalists aren't criminals

Greed is a common theme of Robyn Blumner's columns. In asserting, with the help
of Oliver Stone, that Gordon Gekko, the antagonist of the movie Wall Street, is
seen by some capitalists as a hero, she completely misses the boat. A true
capitalist sees Gekko as a criminal. He rose to opulent heights through fraud
and theft, and in the end, he was caught on tape admitting to crimes. In this
way, the system worked.

Fast forward to today's corruption in the business world and you see corporate
officers and boards are in bed with politicians. When they cheat by defrauding
taxpayers and shareholders, they're not punished. They're rewarded with
positions of power.

Rewards, not punishment, are the results of much corporate immorality. Are these
examples of capitalism? No, they are examples of unpunished crimes committed
against taxpayers and stockholders while corrupt politicians looked the other
way.

Blumner makes a big error every time she lumps corporate criminals in with
capitalism. A true capitalist doesn't achieve success through fraud. No person
can be called successful if he achieves his means by violating the rights of
others.

A capitalist provides a good or a service for an agreed-to price free of
untoward influence. If Blumner can find immorality in this, she will find it
anywhere commerce happens. Lemonade stands, beware!

Jason Barrera, Oldsmar

* * *

France: Give economy feel-good factorSept. 15

Relief from the rat race

Let's hear it for the president of France and his proposal to create a more
modern economic indicator. According to the Times news article, his desire to
replace the gross domestic product with a more comprehensive indicator geared
toward value of life would include "factors such as health care availability and
leisure time" as well as "environmental sustainability."

This more inclusive measurement of a country's ability to provide a more
satisfying life is to be applauded. The GDP is a valuable tool, but it can also
be seen as a the curse of the rat race.

Let's get off the treadmill for a few hours and enjoy a glass of red wine. Vive
la France!

Robert Tarnay, Palmetto

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    November 1, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Should parents help their children find a job?; Yes, but don't prod, push or
belittle, experts say

BYLINE: DIANA KUNDE; DALLAS MORNING NEWS

SECTION: BUSINESS: THIS WEEK IN BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 624 words


SIGMUND FREUD once listed bringing up children as one of three "impossible"
professions, along with governing nations and psychoanalysis.

Dr. Freud hadn't even struggled with a particularly '90s form of parental
anguish: What do you do when your grown son or daughter hasn't found a job?

With big companies cutting back on staff rather than hiring and the sluggish
economy, young people are having a harder time finding jobs. Parents may want to
help out, but they aren't sure how.

In aiding children with job searches, parents are most helpful when they listen,
encourage and pass along ideas about people to contact or successful tactics,
counselors say.

Whatever you do, though, don't prod, berate and belittle, the experts say.

"Drop the negative phrases: You can't. You wouldn't. You shouldn't. You always.
It begins to sound like, 'You always spilled the milk, and here you are still
doing it,' " said Nella Barkley, principal in the New York career consulting
firm Crystal-Barkley Corp.

Clients referred so many adult children to Barkley that she wrote How to Help
Your Child Land the Right Job (Without Being a Pain in the Neck), published this
year by Workman Publishing Co.

"Oftentimes, parents are putting on an unbelievable amount of pressure," agreed
Carolyn Ulrickson, director of career planning and placement at Texas Christian
University in Fort Worth, who occasionally intercedes between students and their
parents.

Such negative pressure can create a nervous, intimidated job- hunter.

"Nobody can go into a successful job hunt without having some belief in himself.
Enthusiasm conveys very quickly to the employer," Barkley said.

Parents can act as coaches - providing leads and feedback and even role-playing
- if their adult children are willing, Barkley said.

Sharing the names on your Rolodex is fine, but parents shouldn't make the
contact - and should never, never interfere with a contact, she advises.

"Most of the time, parents make resoundingly good coaches because the depth of
their caring is unsurpassed," Barkley said.

Her book takes parent and adult child through a process a career counselor would
use, helping identify past successes and strengths, for example. In fact, she
suggests thinking of your adult child as a client to avoid re-enacting old
parent-child conflicts, she said.

Susan Cook, a manager in Little Rock, Ark., helped her son with his resume, but
handed him Barkley's book for another viewpoint.

"You don't want to overdirect. That's why it helps to have ideas from outside,"
Cook said .

Texas Christian student Piyush Sampat, a political science and economics major,
said he has contacted leads suggested by his parents and his older brother.

He didn't feel shy about doing that, but he said he has no illusions that family
help will result in a job.

Instead, he's gathered some useful information about the job market, and where
he might fit in.

Tamara Kay Gough, owner of The Marketing Connection, routinely advises children
of friends - both students and graduates. She gets "five to six calls a week,"
she said.

"A lot of people helped me get where I'm going, so I usually talk to them,"
Gough said.

Her own training started early. As a 5-year-old, she accompanied her banker
father to Saturday golf games with business associates, handing out business
cards he'd printed up for her.

"They were yellow, with my name on them and a butterfly." He also taught her to
play golf.

His advice came in handy later on, when Gough worked in a staff marketing job at
a Dallas retailer after college.

He recommended she learn more about accounting and finance.

She got her MBA, and three years ago started her own marketing business.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GAZETTE, TONY HARPES (TWIBLY)/ The old kick-in-the-pants philosophy is
not helpful today, when jobs are scarce and hard to get.

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               Statewide Edition

Don't Dampen Campus Debate

SECTION: OPINION; A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 626  words


The Connecticut State Colleges and Universities system has announced the launch
of the #ihearyou campaign, "aimed at encouraging civil discussion and respectful
debate." Who would object to that? Everyone should, if it puts mollycoddling
above free expression of ideas.

"One of the primary purposes of higher education is to provide a safe campus
climate where ideas and opinions can be expressed freely," CSCU President Mark
Ojakian said in a release. That's a popular belief these days, but officials
should take care that unnecessary hand-wringing about "safe climates" doesn't
muzzle voices that are simply forceful, not offensive.

"Our role is to encourage vigorous civil debate on the difficult issues facing
our society, free of fear and personal attacks," Mr. Ojakian said. "We are a
system that greatly values academic freedom and freedom of expression, but this
freedom we hold so dear requires shared responsibility. We should not accept any
behavior that belittles or demeans one another."

Such explicit support of personal comfort over conflict risks dampening debate
and encouraging self-censorship on legitimate, although difficult, issues.

The real challenge for CSCU is to define "belittling and demeaning" as narrowly
as possible, so as to allow the possibility of hurt feelings without condoning
truly destructive language - and to teach the students to make those judgments
themselves, as resilient and tolerant members of society.

Personal discomfort is normal when preconceptions are challenged. A university
environment is exactly the right place for exploring those challenges, not
because it is a "safe climate" but because it can encourage young adults to hear
past the tenor of the debate and focus instead on the substance. It is, in
short, part of growing up.

The University of Chicago recently took the opposite tack from CSCU's when it
announced in a letter to students that it does "not condone the creation of
intellectual 'safe spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and
perspectives at odds with their own."

"You will find that we expect members of our community to be engaged in rigorous
debate, discussion and even disagreement. At times this may challenge you and
even cause discomfort."

And so it should.

The Chicago letter properly acknowledges, however, that harassment and threats
are out of bounds.

And Mr. Ojakian gets it right in his own letter to students when he writes: "The
ability to have conversations when there is fundamental disagreement and
emotions are high is a critical skill that will prepare you for the modern
world, no matter what your personal or professional goals are."

But in a separate letter to faculty and staff, he appears to be warning against
fiery argument: "College campuses are the place where debate needs to occur in a
respectful manner. We do not and will not accept discourse that belittles or
demeans those among us."

Although personal insults don't encourage free debate, neither does coddling of
those tender souls who believe they are entitled to a lifetime of uninterrupted
emotional support, and that simple disagreement is a personal attack.

As Justice William J. Brennan wrote in New York Times v. Sullivan, public
officials should expect "vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp
attacks." That standard should apply to everyone who is committed to
"uninhibited, robust and wide-open" debate on public issues.

A university should be an intellectually dangerous, not safe, place. Robust
debate can be an emotionally grueling affair, as students and faculty wrestle
with strident opposition to beliefs they hold dear. Feelings can, and will, get
hurt.

But far better to learn to deal with name-calling than to squelch opinions
sometimes passionately expressed.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 13, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

To Teachers' Head, Ally Named Dinkins Is Just Other Side at Contract Table

BYLINE: By JOSEPH BERGER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 51; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1180 words


Of all New York City's political high-wire acts, Sandra Feldman performs one of
the most daring.

She was possibly Mayor David N. Dinkins's most crucial supporter in the 1989
election. Forsaking Edward I. Koch, she put the power of the teachers' union she
leads, with its 110,000 hard-campaigning members, at Mr. Dinkins's service and
demonstrated his appeal to predominantly white and heavily Jewish voters.

Yet her members are growing restless after a year without a contract -- they
picketed 100 schools on opening day last week -- and Mr. Dinkins is pleading
poverty at the bargaining table.

For the moment, Ms. Feldman has chosen to belittle the Mayor's commitment to
education and to suggest that her endorsement in next year's mayoral race is up
for grabs.

Keeps Audience Riveted

Will she really bolt Mr. Dinkins? Will she call an illegal strike that will
cripple the schools and embarrass the Mayor? Or will she fall off the wire with
an imprudent move that will diminish her influence?

Questions like these have made the 52-year-old Ms. Feldman -- a canny,
street-hardened daughter of a Coney Island milkman and a bakery clerk -- one of
the city's most compelling political personalities. During most of her seven
years as president of the United Federation of Teachers, she has kept her
audience riveted.

Although her barbs are often shrugged off by City Hall as posturing, she said in
an interview last week that her relationship with Mr. Dinkins had genuinely
grown strained.

"I feel angry at him," she said. "I don't feel this has anything to do with
personality. This is all about whether the Mayor, not the man, is making
decisions that establish positions in contradiction to the way he presented
himself as a candidate."

Style Is Burnished Brass

Ms. Feldman, known in most political and school circles as Sandy, forged her
sometimes brassy style in the civil rights protests of the 1960's and she rarely
minces words, a trait that antagonists admit burnishes her effectiveness.

She ridicules those who insist that she remains a close friend of the Mayor's,
saying, "The Mayor had better understand that I'd fight him to the end for the
need of my members." And, she said pointedly, just last month she had lunch with
Rudolph W. Giuliani, his likely Republican challenger.

She contends that which mayoral candidate she supports is a minor issue compared
with her fight for wages that she says will let New York keep the best teachers,
rather than losing them to the suburbs.

Indeed, she is angry that she is often described as merely a labor leader when
as a former fourth grade teacher, she says, she is passionately concerned with
preserving the quality of education. Quality, she suggests, is going to be
increasingly elusive in schools where fear is a daily companion, supplies are
skimpy, and her own niece was assigned to an overcrowded class of 38.

Labor-Leader Showmanship

Some City Hall officials say privately that her displays of rage, rousing
members to picket on opening day, for instance, are typical labor-leader
showmanship. Surely, suggests Deputy Mayor Norman Steisel, she cannot expect the
Mayor to slavishly comply with her wishes simply because she helped elect him.

"For her to expect the Mayor to tip the balance in her favor when he has all
these other interests that have to be addressed is surprising," he said.

Other City Hall officials question whether the teachers union would really work
against the Mayor's re-election. They note that the union has rarely been
comfortable with Republicans, and it must surely remember that the Mayor's
likely Democratic challenger, Andrew J. Stein, the City Council President, was
ferocious in his criticism of the 5.5 percent wage increase -- 5.8 percent if
benefits are included -- that Ms. Feldman extracted in October 1990.

Still, a union decision to make no endorsement could wound the Mayor.

Sacrifice Not Appreciated

For Mr. Dinkins's part, friends say that he is more than a little irked that Ms.
Feldman has failed to appreciate the sacrifice he made by agreeing to the 1990
wage increase, which was greeted caustically by financiers like Felix G.
Rohatyn.

"I've heard him say, 'I've got the scars to show for what I did for the teachers
last time,' " said a close ally who spoke on condition of anonymity.

Mr. Rohatyn says the impact of the 1990 raise is still being felt. The increase,
he argues, eventually had to be paid for by an early retirement plan that cost
the city 4,000 of its most seasoned teachers and may have contributed to a
decline in reading and mathematics scores.

Right now, Ms. Feldman is grappling with new contract talks. Burned in 1990, Mr.
Dinkins wants to settle on single wage increases for all workers, with
individual unions making minor adjustments. In a settlement reached on Thursday
that City Hall officials said they would use as a pattern, the city and the
firefighters' union tentatively agreed on a 30-month contract with a 4.5 percent
raise. But that amount was about the same as what the police and other city
workers got in 1990, and thus, city officials said, it is the equivalent of no
raise in the second 15 months.

'Friendship Gets Frayed'

Ms. Feldman says city teachers should not be compared with other municipal
workers, but rather with teachers in the suburbs -- an approach that would yield
larger raises.

"That's a tough issue for her and a tough issue for him, so the friendship gets
frayed," said H. Carl McCall, president of the Board of Education and a friend
of both.

She complains that too many of the city's business and political leaders do not
have children in the public schools and care little whether New York is
attracting able teachers. She produced a list of 40 nearby localities that pay
teachers more, including such poor or moderate-income places as Newark, Yonkers
and Mount Vernon. New York's appeal to qualified candidates has been so
weakened, she said, that it had to hire 5,000 teachers who do not yet have state
certification.

Mr. Steisel replies that Ms. Feldman is skewing statistics. Several suburbs, he
says, pay teachers even less than New York's starting salary of $26,375, and
adds that most others can afford more because they are wealthier. He also
rejects Ms. Feldman's argument that New York teachers are fleeing. A 1991 survey
of scattered districts in Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester Counties, he says,
found that of 420 new teachers only 20 had worked in New York.

City officials are demanding that Ms. Feldman's union balance any raises by
surrendering past gains, like the extra pay teachers now get for covering the
classes of absent colleagues. In the accord Thursday, for example, the
firefighters agreed to reduce some leave time in return for their raise.

Ms. Feldman says that such givebacks would make already shabby working
conditions even harsher. That is why she declared the contract talks at an
impasse on Aug. 4 and called in a state mediator, a step that could lead to a
public report on the merits of the dispute.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: For the moment, Sandra Feldman, right, head of the teachers
union, has chosen to belittle Mayor David N. Dinkins's commitment to education
and to suggest that her endorsement in next year's mayoral race is up for grabs.
She met with him and other teachers and administrators last week at Thomas
Jefferson High School in Brooklyn. (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times)

Graph: "COMPARE AND CONTRAST: TWO VIEWS ON TEACHERS' SALARIES," shows
comparisons of New York City teacher salaries with some nearby communities, as
compiled by United Federation of Teachers and New York City government
officials. (Sources: United Federation of Teachers, N.Y.C. Board of Education)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              41 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

USA, NATO see Russia as major geopolitical rival, try to belittle its role - CGS

LENGTH: 210 words


Text of report by privately-owned Russian military news agency Interfax-AVN

Moscow, 10 December: The USA and NATO treat Russia one of their main
geopolitical rivals and try every trick to belittle its role in key issues of
international security, Chief of the General Staff of the Russian Federation
Armed Forces Army Gen Valeriy Gerasimov has said.

"The USA and NATO regard the Russian Federation as one of their main
geopolitical rivals," Gerasimov told a meeting with military attaches from a
number of countries on Wednesday [10 December].

"In their attempts to impose a 'zero-sum' game on our country, Western countries
pursue the goal of resolving existing international problems in a format that is
advantageous to them," he said.

"This applies to the issues of settling the crisis in Syria, Iran's nuclear
programme, developments in Ukraine, the creation of a deployment area of the US
missile defence system in Europe and other key problems of global security," he
said.

More than 70 members of the military diplomatic corps from 50 countries
accredited in the Russian Federation took part in the meeting with the chief of
the General Staff of the Russian Federation Armed Forces.

Source: Interfax-AVN military news agency, Moscow, in Russian 1119 gmt 10 Dec 14

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Zip it, Lady! Colombia's Andrade says her team will knock out U.S. tonight

BYLINE: Brian Lewis

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 493 words


Colombia's loudmouthed Lady Andrade claims the U.S. had belittled her team, and
guaranteed an upset victory to knock out the Women's World Cup favorites Monday
in Edmonton. The U.S. team shot back that it didn't start any beef but hopes to
finish it with a Round of 16 win.

"We never started [this]. We have respected every team we have played in the
World Cup so far. We want to let our actions speak on the field,'' striker Alex
Morgan told USA Today, adding the U.S. will be ready for feisty Colombia after
playing physical teams in Nigeria, Sweden and Australia.

"Definitely.   We have these building blocks behind us from the group stage to
feel confident moving forward with another physical team.''

Colombia is certainly that, Andrade in particular. She's a skillful attacker,
but it's another attack U.S. fans might remember her for, a cheap-shot punch on
Abby Wambach away from the play during the 2012 London Olympics. Wambach ended
up with a black eye and Andrade a suspension for the tournament.

"I hit her, what else I can say? If you look back at the video you'll see she
hit me too, but we're Colombia so they don't want to review the whole episode,''
Andrade told USA Today, adding her Coffeepots will knock off the U.S. Monday and
even picking a score, either 1-0 or 2-1.

"We're going to beat them because they like to talk so much.   They belittle us.
They think we're a team they're going to walk all over and it will be an easy
game for them.   There would be huge repercussions [with a win] because of what
the U.S. symbolizes and what has been said about us there."

Andrade, 23, was vague about what exactly was said, but did feel the referees
protected overly physical U.S. players. Either way, U.S. coach Jill Ellis took
umbrage with the Colombian striker's choice of words.

"I think the word [used] was 'belittle.' I think the thing for me is I would ask
what have we said that was belittling?" Ellis said. "What I know about this team
is that they're classy. They like to play with their feet. I can't imagine our
players acting that way. If you said to me, 'We said this,' I can respond. But
to say that we belittled and there is no fact behind it or comment behind it?"

The U.S. beat Colombia by 3-0 score in both the last Women's World Cup and again
in that Olympic matchup. And Monday the Coffeepots will be without star
goalkeeper Sandra Sepulveda (yellow card). Still the U.S. may be without Shannon
Boxx (day-to-day due with a quad injury) and face a dangerous squad that upset
No. 3 France.

"I think we're used to it but we keep that outside our bubble. We try to focus
on ourselves and our own performance as much as possible,'' midfielder Tobin
Heath told Fox Sports. "We don't need any more motivation than to win a World
Cup. That's our greatest motivation and we motivate each other inside the team
for that. All that negativity that tries to come in we try to push away."

brian.lewis@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: old yeller: Trash-talking Lady Andrade of Colombia is not shy about
talking up her team, and said the squad known as the Coffeepots will vanquish
the United States when the two square off in the Round of 16 Monday night in the
Women's World Cup in Edmonton.Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

Chicken belittle: Silly political ploys can end in backfire

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 314 words


State Rep. Mike Shelton, D-Oklahoma City, filed an amendment authorizing private
education vouchers for students at any Oklahoma public schools that allow
teachers to carry weapons. The ploy was intended to force Republicans to either
antagonize the portion of their base supporting education choice or disappoint
supporters of an armed-teacher proposal.

Shelton detests vouchers. He should tread carefully. Such tactics can backfire.

Last year, Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback pushed a major income tax cut. His plan
included revenue offsets to reduce the fiscal impact. Senate leaders never
warmed to the plan. To make a point, they passed the cut without any offsetting
changes. The Kansas House called their bluff, sending the bill to Brownback's
desk without the offsets. The governor signed it. Now he and lawmakers are
grappling with serous budget challenges.

Shelton's gambit came to nothing, as have attempts to belittle serious issues in
the past. Last year a Democratic lawmaker filed an amendment to criminalize the
wastage of sperm. It was to protest a bill attempting to define when life begins
under the law. Former Sen. Tom Adelson, D-Tulsa, practically made a career of
this. In 2011, he tried to abolish the state income tax as a taunting gesture to
Republicans who were trying to cut the tax and eventually phase it out.

What happened in Kansas illustrates why it's important for lawmakers to focus
debates on the merits of a proposal rather than engage in silly political
stunts. School vouchers and school security are separate issues. They should be
treated as such. Lawmakers from both political parties should remember the
inherent risk of playing political chicken: The other side may not swerve.

As we noted after the sperm wastage amendment kerfuffle, "If we can't count on
elected officials to leave the Romper Room, how can we expect children to act
responsibly?"


LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Pitch slap Colombia's Andrade says her team will knock out U.S. tonight

BYLINE: Brian Lewis

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 496 words


Colombia's loudmouthed Lady Andrade claims the U.S. had belittled her team, and
guaranteed an upset victory to knock out the Women's World Cup favorites Monday
in Edmonton. The U.S. team shot back that it didn't start any beef but hopes to
finish it with a Round of 16 win (8 p.m., Fox Sports 1).

"We never started [this]. We have respected every team we have played in the
World Cup so far. We want to let our actions speak on the field,'' striker Alex
Morgan told USA Today, adding the U.S. will be ready for feisty Colombia after
playing physical teams in Nigeria, Sweden and Australia.

"Definitely.   We have these building blocks behind us from the group stage to
feel confident moving forward with another physical team.''

Colombia is certainly that, Andrade in particular. She's a skillful attacker,
but it's another attack U.S. fans might remember her for, a cheap-shot punch on
Abby Wambach away from the play during the 2012 London Olympics. Wambach ended
up with a black eye and Andrade a suspension for the tournament.

"I hit her, what else I can say? If you look back at the video you'll see she
hit me too, but we're Colombia so they don't want to review the whole episode,''
Andrade told USA Today, adding her Coffeepots will knock off the U.S. Monday and
even picking a score, either 1-0 or 2-1.

"We're going to beat them because they like to talk so much.   They belittle us.
They think we're a team they're going to walk all over and it will be an easy
game for them.   There would be huge repercussions [with a win] because of what
the U.S. symbolizes and what has been said about us there."

Andrade, 23, was vague about what exactly was said, but did feel the referees
protected overly physical U.S. players. Either way, U.S. coach Jill Ellis took
umbrage with the Colombian striker's choice of words.

"I think the word [used] was 'belittle.' I think the thing for me is I would ask
what have we said that was belittling?" Ellis said. "What I know about this team
is that they're classy. They like to play with their feet. I can't imagine our
players acting that way. If you said to me, 'We said this,' I can respond. But
to say that we belittled and there is no fact behind it or comment behind it?"

The U.S. beat Colombia by 3-0 score in both the last Women's World Cup and again
in that Olympic matchup. And Monday the Coffeepots will be without star
goalkeeper Sandra Sepulveda (yellow card). Still the U.S. may be without Shannon
Boxx (day-to-day due to a quad injury) and face a dangerous squad that upset No.
3 France.

"I think we're used to it but we keep that outside our bubble. We try to focus
on ourselves and our own performance as much as possible,'' midfielder Tobin
Heath told Fox Sports. "We don't need any more motivation than to win a World
Cup. That's our greatest motivation and we motivate each other inside the team
for that. All that negativity that tries to come in we try to push away."

brian.lewis@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: old yeller: Trash-talking Lady Andrade of Colombia is not shy about
talking up her team, and said the squad known as the Coffeepots will vanquish
the United States when the two square off in the Round of 16 Monday night in the
Women's World Cup in Edmonton.Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                        May 8, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

LETTERS FROM OUR READERS

SECTION: OPINION; Readers' Forum; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1153 words


Comparisons belittle Nazi atrocities

After reading some of the letters recently in the Times Readers' Forum
concerning Elian Gonzalez, one might think that Nazism was alive and well in
America, with "jack-booted thugs" running the country.

While I realize such comments are made for shock value, I am also aware of the
damage they can do. Such comparisons made recently belittle the atrocities of
the Third Reich and defile the memories of the millions who died at their hands.

Putting histrionics aside, what should matter is Elian's care and who is best
able to provide it. And, if people are interested in this case, then the media
should be responsible and report all of the facts. Ignoring salient facts simply
distorts the truth and serves no one. Perhaps if people were less ignorant of
the facts, then genuine discourse could occur.

Unfortunately, however, there will always be people who will ignore the facts
when forming an opinion. Speaking of facts, I wish to remind Ron Rebuck
(Readers' Forum, April 30), that those "Gestapo" tactics used at Ruby Ridge were
used by the Bush administration, not the Clinton administration.

Dean Wiener

El Cerrito

Not amused by letter

We were not amused by the letter from Steve Geller titled, "We must agree"
(Times, May 3).

Unlike the author of that letter, I am speaking only for myself when I use the
word "we" and not trying to convince people that an idea is fact just because it
has been put into print. I don't know who Geller speaks for, but he doesn't
speak for me or the majority, who make their preferences known at the ballot box
and by their actions.

He says that too many are unwilling to trade their cars for public transit as a
means of getting to work and speaks of sprawling development as a necessary
evil, providing housing and developer profits. Then he takes a giant leap and
compares all of this with the tax approved by the voters on cigarettes.

He forgets that "anti-sprawl" ballot measures rarely pass. He ignores the
reality that public transit only works for a small percentage of the people,
usually those who live and work near a transit line. Those who must transfer
several times don't find it very appealing.

Nor is it very efficient when a commute that takes 45 minutes by car takes an
extra hour on transit. Not everyone works in downtown San Francisco.

Our elected officials tell us they can't pave the way out of the freeway
congestion, but then they never tried to even keep pace with the traffic we had
25 years ago. Catching up is hard, but the only effort made so far has been to
wring their hands, say it can't be done, and then take the gas-tax money and
bridge-toll money for transit.

Refit the Bay Bridge and save the extra money for another bridge that should
have been built years ago. And let the new bridge pay its own way, without
raising tolls on other bridges.

Fix the "maze" so three major highways don't come to a stop because of poor
design and lack of capacity. That means at least two dedicated lanes for
interstates 580 and 880 and not allowing cars on the last onramp to force their
way across four or five lanes. It also means making drivers get into a long line
at the back, not the middle or front, when a backup has occurred.

As for developers, let them build housing, but first let them pay the full cost
of the new roads their projects will require all the way from the front door to
the workplace. When the roads are built, let the houses go up.

That's what "we" think is agreeable.

Allen S. Kipnis

Richmond

Thanks, teachers

As my oldest son is getting ready to graduate from El Cerrito High School, I
wanted to take this time to publicly thank the teachers in the West Contra Costa
school district who have been instrumental in preparing him for his entrance
into college.

To the teachers of Madera Elementary, thank you for creating an environment
where students enjoy and embrace the diversity of the school community and for
building the foundations of a love of learning.

To the teachers at Adams Middle School, thank you for setting your expectations
high and for working together to constantly improve the learning environment for
all students. I await, with a great deal of enthusiasm, the implementation of
the five new academies. Your hard work to create a program that will reach and
connect with each student is very much appreciated.

To the teachers at El Cerrito High School, thank you for preparing my son for
the rigors of college. By keeping the curriculum challenging and keeping the
academic standards high, you have given him the tools to succeed in the next
phase of his life.

Thank you also to the counselors at El Cerrito High. Despite unimaginable
workloads, you have been able to personally monitor his academic progress
throughout his four years of high school.

I wanted to take the time, as Teacher Appreciation Week (May 8 through 12)
approaches, to say to the teachers and staff who have helped my son get to this
point, "Thank you for all you have done. You have made a difference in my son's
life."

Connie Chan Kucera

El Cerrito

Article forgot' Simpson

The article about Dennis Richmond (Times, April 30) stated, "From 1976, he
anchored the 10 O'Clock News' alone until he teamed up with Elaine Corral in
1986."

Viewers may recall that Barbara Simpson filled a chair next to Richmond for
those nine or so years. This coverage reminds me of those old Stalin photos in
which inconvenient people were airbrushed away as if they had never existed.

Shame, shame! Sorry if the Times and KTVU don't like the fact that Simpson now
does local conservative talk radio, but truth is truth.

Incidentally, I stopped watching TV news coverage back when the Oakland school
board made its controversial ebonics decision. As a then-member of an urban
public school site council, it was a big issue to me.

I turned on the "10 O'Clock News" and watched 20 minutes of small fires and car
wrecks before any mention was made of ebonics. The coverage was cautious and
muted. I then first tuned into the radio station at which Simpson now works, and
heard much more open discussion of the issue.

The Times and TV news could improve their credibility and regenerate some
interest by being more honest and balanced.

Susan O'Donnell

Berkeley

The Times published a correction on May 2.

Don't move birds

I found out recently that the domestic geese and ducks at Newhall Park in
Concord will be eliminated.

A spokesperson for Concord stated different answers when asked what will happen
to the ducks and geese.

There was a lot of double talk on her part. I asked if the geese were diseased,
and she said no. I go to Newhall Park every day and know that these geese and
ducks are not aggressive.

There are hundreds of people who enjoy seeing and feeding the geese and ducks.
Why do they have to be moved?

James Farmer

Concord

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    July 29, 2005 Friday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Purple Heart reference decried;
 Some say film belittles medal

BYLINE: Bradford L. Miner; Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 861 words

DATELINE: BARRE


"Wedding Crashers" may be a lighthearted summer comedy, but Dennis G. Fleming
isn't laughing about the movie's irreverent attitude toward the Purple Heart
medal.

While he has not seen the movie, he's calling for a general boycott of the film,
in which Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn portray characters who pretend to be
recipients of the Purple Heart as a means of attracting the attention of
bridesmaids.

Ray Funderburk, a spokesman for the national Military Order of the Purple Heart,
said yesterday in a telephone interview that the organization has received
hundreds of calls of protest about the movie from around the country, and
members of MOPH had been interviewed on a Fox News broadcast.

Robert "Bob" Lichtenberger of Texas, national commander of MOPH, stated in a
press release he is dismayed that people in Hollywood would ridicule or belittle
the Purple Heart.

"The Purple Heart medal represents a very serious occasion for an individual, in
which he or she shed blood on the world's battlefields. It is nothing to joke
about," Mr. Lichtenberger said.

"The Purple Heart medal deserves the ultimate expression of respect because so
many brave American heroes have given their lives and were awarded this medal.
To ridicule or belittle the medal is totally unacceptable," he said.

Mr. Lichtenberger characterized the national Purple Heart organization as
"keepers of the medal and all it represents."

"Since its inception in 1782, the Purple Heart has been worn by millions with
pride. Over 500,000 men and women wear it today after being wounded by the enemy
in some foreign land. To mock it and its meaning is unconscionable," he said.

Mr. Fleming, a veteran of the Army National Guard and service officer of
American Legion Post 2, considers the movie's irreverent use of the Purple Heart
to be both inappropriate and disrespectful to those who were injured in service
to the country.

"What kind of message is this sending to the youth of this country when the
Purple Heart is used to get free drinks and attract women?" Mr. Fleming asked.

He said he was alerted to what he characterized as "an insult to all servicemen
and women" by e-mail from the American Legion Worcester District Council.

Mr. Fleming said he went to the New Line Cinema Web site Monday night and to the
"Wedding Crashers" movie Web site and was able to download from that site a fake
Purple Heart.

He said the paper cutout was one of about a half-dozen items in a "Crasher Kit"
on the Web site.

"When you put the cursor over the Purple Heart in the corner of the briefcase,
it said, 'Carrying a Purple Heart in your jacket guarantees you attention,
admiration and plenty of free booze.'"

By midmorning Tuesday, that particular item had been removed from the Web site.

Candice McDonough, a spokesman for New Line Cinema, said Tuesday afternoon the
movie production company was removing the Purple Heart reference from the
"Wedding Crashers" Web site. "We understand the sensitivity regarding the medal
and did not intend to make light of its significance in any way," she said.

Mr. Fleming said while he is not a Purple Heart recipient, many of his close
friends are, and he felt compelled on their behalf to contact state Sen. Stephen
M. Brewer, D-Barre, Senate chairman of the Veterans and Federal Affairs
Committee; state Rep. Anne M. Gobi, D-Spencer; and Thomas G. Kelley, secretary
of the state Department of Veterans Services.

Informed the offensive material had been removed from the Web site, Mr. Fleming
said the "damage has already been done and they can't remove it from the movie
as easily as they can take it off the Web site."

Reached at his office in Boston yesterday afternoon, Mr. Kelley said he was
unaware of the controversy surrounding the film and its Web site.

Walter J. Heyes of Wheelwright Road, a veteran of the Korean War and a Purple
Heart recipient, said those responsible for making light of the medal should be
"thrown in jail."

"I was 17 years old in Korea. A shell exploded and to this day I still have
shrapnel in my neck. There were three others around me and one of them was
killed. I didn't realize I was even wounded. I was in shock and didn't realize I
was wounded until a medic looked at me and told me I was bleeding," Mr. Heyes
said.

He said while his discharge papers described his injuries at length, it was 10
years after the Korean War before he received his Purple Heart.

On July 19, U.S. Rep. John T. Salazar, D-Colo., an Army veteran, introduced the
Stolen Valor Act of 2005, which would penalize distributors of fake medals and
those who fraudulently claim to be decorated veterans.

In a press release announcing the filing of the bill in the House of
Representatives, Mr. Salazar said, "Medals recognize the best American qualities
- courage, honor and sacrifice. These honors are reserved for those who
willingly risked their lives for our country. The Medal of Honor is our nation's
highest military honor and the Purple Heart is only awarded for genuine acts of
courage. It is our job to protect the honor and integrity of our veterans, to
make sure the memory of their heroism is not tarnished."

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              47 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Mitt Romney shows cracks during GOP debate under heavy fire from Rick Santorum
and Newt Gingrich

BYLINE: Jamshid Ghazi Askar Deseret News

LENGTH: 859 words


Mitt Romney received heavy fire from Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich during the
Republican presidential debate Monday in Myrtle Beach, S.C., that Fox News and
the Wall Street Journal sponsored. "The attacks were on show Monday night during
a debate in which Mr. Romney's rivals questioned his record of job creation as
the head of a private-equity firm and called on the former Massachusetts
governor to release his tax returns to avoid any surprise revelations in a
general-election fight with President Barack Obama," the Wall Street Journal
reported. "The front-runner in South Carolina and nationally, Romney faced
attacks on his business record, his views on voting rights and his history of
changing political positions ? all within the first hour of the event,"
Alexander Burns wrote for Politico. With the Republican presidential race at a
crucial point ?

popular opinion holds that a third straight win by Romney in the South Carolina
primary on Saturday would effectively end the race ? Santorum and Gingrich each
employed different tactics to try and yank Romney down a notch.    New York
Magazine penned a detailed account of a verbal brawl between Santorum and Romney
less than 15 minutes into the debate when the former Pennsylvania senator
pounded Romney about whether the pro-Romney super PAC Restore Our Future is
running ads that misrepresent Santorum's position on whether felons should be
allowed to vote. Santorum employed something of a blunt-force approach,
aggressively attempting to prevent Romney from straying off-topic. "Santorum won
the exchange," Brett Smiley wrote for New York Magazine. "He also put super PACs
at the forefront and forced Romney, on a big stage, to either dismiss or take
ownership of the super PAC ad that by law is supposed to exist separately from
the candidate. Whether they do, who knows, but as long as super PACs pour
millions into harsh campaigns, this kind of conversation will happen again."
Gingrich echoed Santorum in repeatedly returning to the perceived inaccuracy of
Restore Our Future PAC's ads. But unlike Santorum's naked aggression, the former
House speaker took a more cerebral approach and employed a professorial tact to
exert control over his exchanges with fellow candidates and debate moderators.
In fact, the loudest ovation of the night went to Gingrich when he strongly
rebuffed Fox News commentator Juan Williams' assertion that Gingrich had
offended the African-American community by previously suggesting poor students
should do light janitorial work at their schools in order to earn some money.
The most electric portion of their exchange: WILLIAMS: "Can't you see that this
is viewed, at a minimum, as insulting to all Americans, but particularly to
black Americans?" GINGRICH: "No. I don't see that." WILLIAMS: "I have to tell
you my Twitter account has been inundated by all races, who are asking if your
comments are not intended to belittle the poor and racial minorities. ? It
sounds as if you are seeking to belittle people." GINGRICH: "Well, first of all,
Juan, the fact is that more people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama
than any president in American history. I know among the politically correct you
are not supposed to use facts that are uncomfortable." "After the debate, Fox
News commentator Frank Luntz ? was surprised at the crowd's reaction," Evan
McMorris-Santoro wrote for Talking Points Memo. "He said it was the first time
he'd ever seen a debate audience give a candidate a standing ovation during an
ongoing debate." Opinions varied about what the debate's net effect will be for
Romney. Slate's David Weigel called the debate "the massacre in Myrtle Beach"
and labeled Romney's performance "intelligence-insultingly bad," while Reuters
instead reported that Romney "emerged largely unscathed from (the) South
Carolina debate." Ron Paul showed shades of his 2007 debate performances by
stumbling over his polarizing libertarian views on foreign policy and national
security issues. For example, he seemed somewhat disoriented while trying to
justify his belief that Pres. Obama did not have the proper authority to
green-light the covert operation to kill Osama bin Laden because the action
occurred on Pakistani soil without any kind of diplomatic forewarning.  The
Hill's  Campaign blog summed up Paul's travails: "The crowd at the GOP debate in
military-heavy South Carolina got rowdy during a discussion of foreign policy,
booing Ron Paul heartily and whooping and cheering when the other candidates
took a hard line on foreign involvement. ? Paul was heavily criticized by his
Republican opponents, who argued his foreign policy would put the country at
harm." Rick Perry synopsis, from the Houston Chronicle's Perry Presidential
blog: "Perry is running far behind the others in the contest, but he showed no
signs of throwing in the towel at Monday's debate. Indeed, he challenged Romney
early and often, zeroing in on his foe's work at Bain. Perry, who has repeatedly
called Bain 'vulture capitalists,' cited a South Carolina steel company that he
said went bankrupt after Bain arrived on the scene. EMAIL: jaskar@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              48 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Trump seeks to belittle accusers

BYLINE: The Washington Post

SECTION: NATION_; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 281 words


GREENSBORO, N.C. -- Donald Trump hurled personal insults Friday at the growing
number of women who have accused him of groping and kissing them without their
consent, labeling them as "horrible," "sick" and "phony," and suggesting that at
least two of them were not attractive enough to warrant his attention.

As Trump spoke about the allegations, supporters who gathered to see him at an
afternoon rally here cheered him on, at one point chanting "Lock her up!" while
he was talking about one of the accusers -- a slogan usually reserved for
Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.

At another point, he also appeared to disparage Clinton's looks in recounting
their encounter at Sunday's presidential debate: "And when she walked in front
of me, believe me, I wasn't impressed."

The vitriol provided further evidence of Trump's intention to wage an
unprecedented scorched-earth campaign in the final 3 1/2 weeks before Election
Day that seems likely to leave few unscarred in either party.

It also came on a day when two more women stepped forward to accuse Trump of
groping them without their consent and as new videotapes emerged of Trump
speaking in crude terms about sex on "The Howard Stern Show."

Campaigning for Clinton in Cleveland, President Barack Obama mocked Trump for
alleging that there was a global conspiracy against him and again scolded
Republicans for tolerating Trump's offensive behavior toward women and others.

"He doesn't have the temperament, he doesn't have the knowledge, he doesn't seem
to have the interest in acquiring the knowledge or the basic honesty that a
president needs to have," Obama said.

"And that was true before we heard him talking about how he treats women."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              49 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday

Taiwan's Ma criticised for 'invisible' trip to US

BYLINE: Lawrence Chung in Taipei

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 587 words


Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou  is to make what  critics have described as an
"invisible" trip to the United States.

He will arrive  next Tuesday en route to two Latin American allies, but will
shun not only  US officials but even Taiwanese living in the country.

Mr Ma, of the mainland-friendly Kuomintang,  is scheduled to make three US
stopovers on his way to Paraguay and back from the Dominican Republic.

But such stays would  be  nothing more than transit stops, presidential and
Taiwanese Foreign Ministry officials said yesterday.

"The president has no intention to use the US stopovers to do anything that
conflicts with the purpose of transit stops," said Wang Yu-chi,  Mr Ma's
spokesman.

Mr Ma is scheduled to stay overnight in Los Angeles  on Tuesday before flying to
Paraguay for the inauguration of Fernando Lugo  as president on August 15.

He would stop briefly in San Francisco on his way back from the Dominican
Republic on August 17 after attending the presidential inauguration of Leonel
Fernandez  the previous day, Taiwanese Foreign Minister Francisco Ou Hung-lian
said.

Ministry officials said Mr Ma would have two more transit stops. One would be in
Panama on his way to Paraguay from Los Angeles.  On his way back, he  is
scheduled to stop in Austin, Texas, for his plane to refuel and continue to San
Francisco.

"But the president might not even leave the plane during the one-hour refuelling
stop," a ministry official said,  adding that Mr Ma had already stressed that
"transit is just transit, and no more".

Panama, Paraguay and the Dominican Republic are among just 23 Taiwanese allies.

"The president would not use the US stopovers to draw news attention to promote
himself. He has no plan to meet US officials, congressmen or scholars. Nor would
he prepare to meet our overseas Chinese compatriots in the US," the official
said.

To fit in with the low-profile nature of his US stops, the Presidential Office
has reportedly asked Taiwanese journalists accompanying  the president on the
trip not to file news reports about Mr Ma's transit stops while he is still in
the US.

The request drew protests from journalists who called it unreasonable, prompting
Foreign Ministry spokesman Henry Chen Min-cheng  to say that the Presidential
Office  meant there would be nothing newsworthy to report.

Officials with the opposition Democratic Progressive Party   accused Mr Ma
yesterday of trying to belittle Taiwan  to please both Beijing  and  Washington.

"He thought that if he could make himself as invisible as possible, he could win
trust from China and the US, but the fact is that what he tries to do will only
belittle Taiwan," DPP international affairs director Lin Cheng-hui said.

DPP spokesman Cheng Wen-tsan  accused Mr Ma of trying to silence the media,
saying it was  improper of him to restrict the freedom of the press.

"Instead of forbidding the media from reporting, he should make use of the
freedom of news to highlight China's suppression of Taiwan's diplomatic space,
and the difficult situation Taiwan faces in the wake of the Chinese pressure,"
he said.

Mr Ma has said that by making his US stops transit calls, he hoped to dispel
some of the distrust between Taiwan and the US that had  built up over the past
eight years.

He was referring to his predecessor Chen Shui-bian's  repeated use of his US
transit stops to promote the island, an act that broke the commitment between
Taiwan and the US in keeping such stops as low profile as possible to avoid
provoking Beijing.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 20, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Mexicans Belittle Drug-Money Sting

BYLINE: By JULIA PRESTON

SECTION: Section A; Page 6; Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1082 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY, May 19


Mexican officials sought today to belittle the results of a huge United States
undercover operation that exposed the laundering of drug money in 12 Mexican
banks.

On Monday a Federal grand jury in Los Angeles unsealed three indictments against
Mexican bankers and their clients in drug organizations based in Cali, Colombia,
and Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. More than $72 million in drug proceeds was seized
during the three-year undercover operation, which spread across six countries
and involved about 200 agents from the United States Customs Service and other
agencies.

Three Mexican banks -- Bancomer, Banca Serfin and Banca Confia -- were indicted
as institutions. United States Justice Department officials said they felt that
the pattern of money-laundering through these banks was so systemic that it
would not be enough to indict individual employees.

The indictments dealt a shock to Mexico, disclosing a much easier and more
pervasive movement of narcotics proceeds through the financial system than
Mexican officials have been willing to acknowledge.

The investigation showed gaping loopholes in American and Mexican laws that
allowed traffickers to move their proceeds relatively easily despite an array of
Customs regulations in both countries intended to insure monitoring of big cash
transactions.

Yet Eduardo Fernandez Garcia, the president of the National Banking Commission,
Mexico's bank regulatory agency, dismissed the indictments as overblown.

"I didn't like the way the United States authorities announced this," Mr.
Fernandez said in a television interview this morning. "They made it seem as
though they were announcing something terribly important. But I think this has
been taken out of context. It seems much more important than it really is."

Mr. Fernandez noted that none of the Mexican bank employees arrested were
top-level executives. Most of the 14 bankers arrested since May 16 were local
managers and executives who worked in Tijuana and Guadalajara.

Finance Minister Jose Angel Gurria Trevino said that although millions of
dollars passed through the money-laundering scheme, the amounts were not large
enough to pose any risk to the banking system as a whole.

The huge undercover operation exposed connections between several of Mexico's
most important banks and the top financial operator for the Juarez organization,
Jose Alvarez Tostado. Mr. Alvarez set up a network of willing bankers and
stockbrokers across Mexico and eventually introduced them to undercover Customs
agents who were posing as brokers for Colombian drug barons, Customs officials
said.

At the urging of the United States, Mexico is preparing an arrest warrant for
Mr. Alvarez. His top deputy in the Juarez organization, Victor Alcala Navarro,
was arrested in Las Vegas on Sunday.

The operation started in 1995 when Customs agents in Colombia were approached by
members of the Cali cartel who were looking for ways to bring home the profits
from cocaine and marijuana sales in the United States, Customs officials said.

The Colombians introduced the undercover agents to Mr. Alcala. Over time, as
American agents gained the confidence of the Juarez traffickers, they were
contracted to broker millions of dollars in drug proceeds from sales in Chicago,
Miami, Houston, New York and Los Angeles, Customs officials said.

"We did not approach any bankers," a Customs official said. "They all came to
us." He said the Mexican bankers were all informed by the undercover agents that
the money came from drug transactions in meetings that were secretly recorded on
videotape. Because of this evidence, Justice officials say they are confident
that the defendants will not be able to argue that they were illegally
entrapped.

The bankers stepped forward to offer their services to open accounts in Mexican
banks for fictitious corporations they set up, a Customs official said.

In the United States, operatives for the Colombian and Mexican drug
organizations collected cash profits from street sales of drugs. Undercover
agents then turned the money over to American banks in the United States that
were cooperating with the sting. Bank of America in Los Angeles was one of the
main American conduits.

The American banks then sent the funds by internal bank wire transfers to the
fictitious corporate accounts opened at banks in Mexico. Mexican bankers working
with the drug organizations then converted the funds into cashier's checks made
out to fictitious individuals.

These checks are drawn on accounts belonging to the banks themselves, not to
individuals, and so can be cashed all over the world. They were sent on to Cali
drug operatives in Colombia, or were stashed away in secret Customs accounts.
American officials acknowledged that to keep the operation going over three
years without arousing the traffickers' suspicions, they were forced to complete
laundering transactions worth millions of dollars for Mexican and Colombian
dealers.

Customs officials said that, in all, 20 cartel operatives and 22 bankers or
money-launderers were arrested in the final stage of the operation in the last
three days. The arrests include middle-level drug organization officials, many
based in the United States, who helped in money-laundering operations. The
suspects include 24 Mexicans who were lured to Las Vegas and San Diego in sting
operations to avoid the time-consuming risk of asking the Mexican authorities to
detain them.

Julie Shemitz, an Assistant United States Attorney in Los Angeles, said that
American officials did not share any information about the operation with Mexico
while it was under way out of fear for the safety of the undercover agents.

"It's not that we don't trust the Mexicans," Ms. Shemitz said. "We just didn't
tell anyone. This kind of operation is so dangerous, and you can't play games
with the lives of the officers."

One Customs agent working under cover was shot and wounded in a shootout between
narcotics traffickers and police officers in New York City on Aug. 6, 1997.

Money transfers by wire between banks, even when they cross borders, are not
subject to any of the tight regulations that govern other cash transactions, Ms.
Shemitz said. Any transfer in or out of the United States of more than $10,000
outside of bank channels must be reported to Federal authorities.

Mexican bankers are permitted to issue cashier's checks without demanding any
kind of identification from the buyer.


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              51 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 15, 2006 Sunday

Guerrilla marketing works for Powerball

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1303 words


Don't belittle guerrilla marketing. That's the message from Colle+McVoy.

The Minneapolis advertising agency won Adweek magazine's Buzz Award for its
"Don't Belittle Powerball: It's Always Big" guerilla marketing campaign for the
Minnesota State Lottery.

Guerilla marketing is designed to catch people off-guard.

At fairs and stores throughout the state, the Colle+McVoy agency would show a
truck or cars that had been mashed by a red signature Powerball. The campaign
was targeted at people who only play the Powerball lottery when the jackpot
reaches hundreds of millions of dollars, said Dave Keepper, group creative
director at Colle+McVoy.

"We wanted to make it scary," he said, "in a Scooby Doo kind of way."

And what's scarier than a giant red ball falling from the sky onto your vehicle?
Keepper said passers-by would look confused, then amused and sometimes they'd
pose for group photos in front of the crunched vehicles.

Oakdale-based Atomic Props & Effects Ltd., which makes 3-D billboards and
outdoor displays, produced the cars and trucks for the campaign.

The Powerball campaign also included billboards, TV and radio spots, and
Internet advertising. Guerrilla marketing has become a staple of advertising
agencies in recent years, instead of the nice bonus that it used to be, Keepper
said. "Now, if you're not doing (guerrilla marketing), you're not doing your
job," he said.

--Doug Hamlin

Company files for Chapter 7 liquidation

Alfalfa America, a Belle Plaine, Minn.-based company that has long promoted
extracting healthful lutein from alfalfa, has filed for voluntary Chapter 7
bankruptcy liquidation.

Although it secured industrial space at a former motorcycle factory and promised
production by mid-2006, the plant never reached commercial-scale production,
despite a decade of development and advocacy by founder Lance Crombie.

The bankruptcy filing, dated Oct. 3, listed Whitebox Advisors LLC as the lead
debtor. Calls to Whitebox Advisors were not returned.

That filing said that its unsecured creditors probably will receive nothing. The
filing listed between 50 and 99 creditors, more than $10 million in estimated
assets, and estimated debts of between $1 million and $10 million.

Lutein is a substance found in alfalfa and other plants that researchers suggest
-- but cannot yet fully prove -- might help to prevent an eye disease called
macular degeneration. Macular degeneration is a disease of aging and leaves
sufferers with spotty vision or even blindness.

In a 2005 interview with the Pioneer Press, Crombie said that his factory would
be processing 40 tons of alfalfa an hour by summer 2006.

"Many people need lutein, and there's a shortage of it, so that's what we're
working on, filling that demand," Crombie said in 2005.

Belle Plaine city administrator David Murphy said that permits had been issued
to the plant but that there'd been "no activity we've seen, as far as product
going in and out."

--Tom Webb

Things may get a little better for home sellers

A record number of houses have been put up for sale this year. But a noticeable
shift in new listings last month might signal some relief for frustrated sellers
faced with stiff competition.

For the first time in 14 months, sellers in September did not place their homes
on the market in record numbers, according to Regional Multiple Listing Service
data. New listings totaled 8,862 last month, a 5 percent decrease from the 9,336
new listings in September 2005.

Last month's new listings represented a 12 percent drop from August and an 8
percent decline from July.

The total inventory of homes for sale was 27 percent higher last month than the
previous year, but real estate observers expect the supply to continue to
decline through the end of the year.

June Wiener, president of the St. Paul Area Association of Realtors, wasn't all
that surprised by the shift.

She said new listings traditionally dip in fall because most households don't
want to move during fall and winter.

She thinks some potential sellers may be influenced to keep their homes off the
market because of slumping sales and prices.

"There's no question they're holding out until things look better," Wiener said.

--Gita Sitaramiah

Analyst sees Buckley as mover and shaker

Last week's shuffling of top executive jobs at 3M Co. might be the start of
something for new CEO George Buckley, says Merrill Lynch analyst John Inch.

It is no coincidence, Inch wrote, that James Mahan, 60, retired from his
position as senior vice president or corporate supply chain operations.

That's the move that triggered a flurry of job changes, but Inch says that
Buckley "has been critical of 3M's logistical and manufacturing inefficiencies."

He also thinks that the replacement of Jim Stake, 54, as head of the display and
graphics business, "is not surprising considering the company's Optical Films
miss last quarter."

That "miss" refers to lower-than-expected earnings for 3M, which resulted from
slow sales of flat-panel TVs and computer monitors that use 3M's optical film on
their screens.

"We also think that yesterday's (Oct. 10) shuffle was the first of others to
come over the coming year," Inch wrote.

"We consider these changes necessary for George Buckley to recast 3M based on
the company's strategic global growth initiatives.

--John Welbes

Furnishings store buys Grand Avenue building

St. Paul-based Traditions Classic Home Furnishings recently bought the
3,100-square-foot building on Grand Avenue that it has called home for 15 years.

"It was a survival issue for us,'' said Michael Schumann, co-owner of Traditions
with his spouse, Suzanne Schumann. "By buying our building, it protects us from
escalating rents that cause more properties to be leased by national chains.'''

Traditions' $1 million purchase comes amid neighborhood fears about Grand Avenue
losing its local charm to national merchants. In the past two years, big-chain
retailers like Starbucks, CVS and Pottery Barn have begun appearing along the
street.

Besides its St. Paul store at 1039 Grand Ave., Traditions has a shop in
Minneapolis and one in Naples, Fla. The company's annual sales are about $5
million. Its collections include Baker, Milling Road, Carol Bolton, Classic
Leather and Ralph Lauren.

--Scott Carlson

Focus turns to municipal Wi-Fi

Consolidation among the nation's telephone companies is leaving ADC
Telecommunications with fewer of its traditional big ticket customers lately.
Even so, the Eden Prairie networking equipment maker has found a new group of
customers -- providers of municipal Wi-Fi .

Earthlink, the Atlanta-based Internet service provider, will deploy ADC's SG-1
Service Gateway, a key piece of networking equipment, in its municipal Wi-Fi
networks, ADC said last week. Earthlink is providing wireless citywide Internet
service in Anaheim, Calif., and building out networks in Philadelphia and
Milpitas, Calif.

The size of the Earthlink sale was not disclosed but it was the second such deal
made by ADC. In April, ADC announced that its gateway, which enables different
networks to exchange information, will be used by California start-up MetroFi.
That company is using its wireless network to provide free,
advertising-supported high-speed wireless Internet access in the Silicon Valley
cities of Cupertino, Santa Clara and Sunnyvale.

The irony is that as more municipal Wi-Fi systems spring up, they become
low-cost competitors for the cable and telephone companies that also use ADC
equipment. Minneapolis, which recently approved a citywide Wi-Fi system of its
own, will host a three-day convention beginning next Sunday devoted to the
municipal Wi-Fi movement.

Despite the hoopla over muni Wi-Fi, though, the market is very small. IDC, a
technology research firm, forecasts the market will hit only $88 million this
year. By 2010, IDC expects it will grow to $512 million.

--Leslie Brooks Suzukamo

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 10, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Rid American Sports of Racial Stereotypes

SECTION: Section 4; Page 18; Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 474 words


To the Editor:

The baseball playoffs and World Series have played contemporaneously with Senate
hearings that focused on racial and sexual discrimination. Anyone choosing to
watch the home games of the Atlanta Braves would learn that ethnic stereotyping
continues to infect our cultural life.

Baseball fans the world over watched and listened as cheering partisans --
including former President Jimmy Carter and his wife, Rosalynn, as well as the
Atlanta Braves owner, Ted Turner, and his fiancee, Jane Fonda -- supported their
Atlanta team with the now infamous "tomahawk chop," accompanied by some form of
"Indian" war cry.

Atlanta is not the only city with a sports franchise whose name belittles the
original Americans. Cleveland has the Indians, whose logo is an insulting racial
stereotype of a crazed looking "redman" with big teeth. On Sunday afternoons,
"Hail to the Redskins," with its resounding incantation of "the warpath," echoes
through our nation's capital.

Many have argued that it is unfair to suggest that Braves fans (or fans in
Cleveland, Washington, Kansas City or at any college with an Indian team
nickname) intend their vocal and enthusiastic support to belittle anyone. We
agree. Sports fans simply identify with their teams, and enjoy vocalizing their
support.

But intent is not the issue. As a people, we should be concerned about our
sensitivity to the impact of racial stereotyping on its victims. Probably nobody
meant any harm laughing at "Amos 'n Andy," or rolling their eyeballs with
"Beulah." But we have progressed to the point where it is scarcely imaginable we
would tolerate a team nicknamed the Rochester Rabbis or the Boston Babes.

Nor would we tolerate team icons that reflected stereotypically on
African-Americans, Hispanics, or religious or ethnic minorities. Yet we
propagate 19th-century notions of native Americans as savages, interested only
in beating the tom-tom, singing war chants for hours on end and taking scalps.

Our concern goes beyond the injury suffered by the objects of this
insensitivity. Those of us whose work brings together children of differing
backgrounds know that impressionable children are all misled and therefore
injured by the perpetuation of racial and ethnic stereotypes.

Let's rid our sports world of this unfortunate throwback to a time and mind-set
in our history we should be embarrassed even to witness in the United States of
the 1990's. It is time for us to cease the trivialization and unintended
ridicule of the many native peoples who live among us -- with all the rights,
responsibilities, cultural sensibilities and national stake we hold as dear --
as Americans.

LAMAR P. MILLER
JOSHUA P. BOGIN
New York, Oct. 23, 1991

The writers are with the Metropolitan Center for Educational Research,
Development & Training.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              53 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Feather River Bulletin (Quincy, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Nonprofit to host activities for domestic violence awareness

BYLINE: Feather River Bulletin staff

LENGTH: 517  words


October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.

Experts say domestic violence is on the rise and bringing down a wider
demographic than ever before in ways not traditionally recognized as abuse.

"Domestic Violence is so prevalent in society that it's becoming mainstream,"
said Stacie Berrie, a case manager for the nonprofit Plumas Rural Services in
Quincy.

"They don't have to hit you for it to be abuse. They can manipulate, belittle,
humiliate, blame, ridicule, disrespect and try to control you."

In support of the national campaign, PRS is hosting the fifth annual Domestic
Violence Walk/Run, starting at 10 a.m. at Feather River College's Equine
Facility on Oct. 3.

That same day, the second annual Celebration of Courage is scheduled for 4 to 7
p.m., at Pangea Cafe and Pub in Quincy. The gathering includes an art exhibition
featuring Julie Hatzell's "50 Shades of Domestic Violence" and Micaela
Rubalcava's "Opening the Heart."

Although awareness of domestic violence is improving, officials state more than
half of violent acts still go unreported. Worldwide, one in three women has been
beaten or abused during her lifetime. Most often, the abuser is a family member.

"Imagine being with two very different men," shared "Yvonne" -- a domestic
violence survivor. "One is kind, loving and adoring. He listens to you, brings
you flowers and makes you breakfast in bed. The other... reminds you of your
faults, belittles you, pushes you, hits you and tells you that you are not
loving enough. For a battered woman, these are both the same man."

PRS Community Training Manager Dana Nowling said a critical part of the domestic
violence awareness campaign is to educate people on the various forms of abuse,
who they impact and how.

"Domestic violence knows no boundaries and can impact anyone regardless of their
social, economic, racial or cultural background," she explained. "Men, children
and teenagers experience abuse as well."

Officials said domestic violence in a relationship often begins with threats and
verbal abuse. The abuser's goal is to gain and maintain control over the victim.

They frequently inflict dominance, humiliation, isolation, threats,
intimidation, denial and violence to achieve their end goal.

"Abusers try to control their victim's live," stated a PRS representative. "When
abusers feel a loss of control -- like when victims try to leave them -- the
abuse often gets worse. This is when the majority of domestic violence
fatalities occur."

Plumas County is no stranger to domestic violence. A local dispatcher said
domestic disturbance calls come in daily with often tragic results.

Authorities added abusers are often hard to detect in the beginning of a
relationship. Warning signs don't usually surface until six months into the
relationship.

After that, victims are often plunged into a dangerous and dramatic downward
spiral.

"Abuse gets worse over time," warned Berrie. "Get help now."

For more information about victim services, to register for the 5K Walk/Run, or
to purchase Celebration of Courage tickets, call PRS at 283-5675, or visit
plumas ruralservices.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FTH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Feather River Bulletin


                              54 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                 Indian Valley Record (Greenville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Nonprofit to host activities for domestic violence awareness

BYLINE: Indian Valley Record staff

LENGTH: 517  words


October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.

Experts say domestic violence is on the rise and bringing down a wider
demographic than ever before in ways not traditionally recognized as abuse.

"Domestic Violence is so prevalent in society that it's becoming mainstream,"
said Stacie Berrie, a case manager for the nonprofit Plumas Rural Services in
Quincy.

"They don't have to hit you for it to be abuse. They can manipulate, belittle,
humiliate, blame, ridicule, disrespect and try to control you."

In support of the national campaign, PRS is hosting the fifth annual Domestic
Violence Walk/Run, starting at 10 a.m. at Feather River College's Equine
Facility on Oct. 3.

That same day, the second annual Celebration of Courage is scheduled for 4 to 7
p.m., at Pangea Cafe and Pub in Quincy. The gathering includes an art exhibition
featuring Julie Hatzell's "50 Shades of Domestic Violence" and Micaela
Rubalcava's "Opening the Heart."

Although awareness of domestic violence is improving, officials state more than
half of violent acts still go unreported. Worldwide, one in three women has been
beaten or abused during her lifetime. Most often, the abuser is a family member.

"Imagine being with two very different men," shared "Yvonne" -- a domestic
violence survivor. "One is kind, loving and adoring. He listens to you, brings
you flowers and makes you breakfast in bed. The other... reminds you of your
faults, belittles you, pushes you, hits you and tells you that you are not
loving enough. For a battered woman, these are both the same man."

PRS Community Training Manager Dana Nowling said a critical part of the domestic
violence awareness campaign is to educate people on the various forms of abuse,
who they impact and how.

"Domestic violence knows no boundaries and can impact anyone regardless of their
social, economic, racial or cultural background," she explained. "Men, children
and teenagers experience abuse as well."

Officials said domestic violence in a relationship often begins with threats and
verbal abuse. The abuser's goal is to gain and maintain control over the victim.

They frequently inflict dominance, humiliation, isolation, threats,
intimidation, denial and violence to achieve their end goal.

"Abusers try to control their victim's live," stated a PRS representative. "When
abusers feel a loss of control -- like when victims try to leave them -- the
abuse often gets worse. This is when the majority of domestic violence
fatalities occur."

Plumas County is no stranger to domestic violence. A local dispatcher said
domestic disturbance calls come in daily with often tragic results.

Authorities added abusers are often hard to detect in the beginning of a
relationship. Warning signs don't usually surface until six months into the
relationship.

After that, victims are often plunged into a dangerous and dramatic downward
spiral.

"Abuse gets worse over time," warned Berrie. "Get help now."

For more information about victim services, to register for the 5K Walk/Run, or
to purchase Celebration of Courage tickets, call PRS at 283-5675, or visit
plumas ruralservices.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Indian Valley Record


                              55 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Nonprofit to host activities for domestic violence awareness

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 516  words


October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.

Experts say domestic violence is on the rise and bringing down a wider
demographic than ever before in ways not traditionally recognized as abuse.

"Domestic Violence is so prevalent in society that it's becoming mainstream,"
said Stacie Berrie, a case manager for the nonprofit Plumas Rural Services in
Quincy.

"They don't have to hit you for it to be abuse. They can manipulate, belittle,
humiliate, blame, ridicule, disrespect and try to control you."

In support of the national campaign, PRS is hosting the fifth annual Domestic
Violence Walk/Run, starting at 10 a.m. at Feather River College's Equine
Facility on Oct. 3.

That same day, the second annual Celebration of Courage is scheduled for 4 to 7
p.m., at Pangea Cafe and Pub in Quincy. The gathering includes an art exhibition
featuring Julie Hatzell's "50 Shades of Domestic Violence" and Micaela
Rubalcava's "Opening the Heart."

Although awareness of domestic violence is improving, officials state more than
half of violent acts still go unreported. Worldwide, one in three women has been
beaten or abused during her lifetime. Most often, the abuser is a family member.

"Imagine being with two very different men," shared "Yvonne" -- a domestic
violence survivor. "One is kind, loving and adoring. He listens to you, brings
you flowers and makes you breakfast in bed. The other... reminds you of your
faults, belittles you, pushes you, hits you and tells you that you are not
loving enough. For a battered woman, these are both the same man."

PRS Community Training Manager Dana Nowling said a critical part of the domestic
violence awareness campaign is to educate people on the various forms of abuse,
who they impact and how.

"Domestic violence knows no boundaries and can impact anyone regardless of their
social, economic, racial or cultural background," she explained. "Men, children
and teenagers experience abuse as well."

Officials said domestic violence in a relationship often begins with threats and
verbal abuse. The abuser's goal is to gain and maintain control over the victim.

They frequently inflict dominance, humiliation, isolation, threats,
intimidation, denial and violence to achieve their end goal.

"Abusers try to control their victim's live," stated a PRS representative. "When
abusers feel a loss of control -- like when victims try to leave them -- the
abuse often gets worse. This is when the majority of domestic violence
fatalities occur."

Plumas County is no stranger to domestic violence. A local dispatcher said
domestic disturbance calls come in daily with often tragic results.

Authorities added abusers are often hard to detect in the beginning of a
relationship. Warning signs don't usually surface until six months into the
relationship.

After that, victims are often plunged into a dangerous and dramatic downward
spiral.

"Abuse gets worse over time," warned Berrie. "Get help now."

For more information about victim services, to register for the 5K Walk/Run, or
to purchase Celebration of Courage tickets, call PRS at 283-5675, or visit
plumasruralservices.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Portola Reporter


                              56 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BUILD CONSENSUS, DON'T BELITTLE

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 556 words


Beckner adds to transit options - Feb. 25

Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn, attempting to discredit the many citizens who disagree
with him on the Go Hillsborough sales tax proposal, pompously belittles them all
as "three tea party bloggers sitting in their underwear in their basements in
Ruskin."

First, Ruskin is not an insult - it's a fine community and it's my home. Second,
it's creepy that he is imagining citizens in their underwear. And finally, there
are no basements in Florida.

This mayor is mad at a county commissioner, Kevin Beckner, for trying to reshape
the sales tax proposal in light of concerns raised by people throughout the
county - including groups from the Sierra Club to the tea party, Democrats as
well as Republicans, and the local multilingual newspaper La Gaceta. Beckner's
proposal includes more transit, funded by a 10-year tax. Buckhorn is pushing the
Go Hillsborough 30-year tax that would mostly fund roads, with relatively little
transit.

So Buckhorn tries to dismiss Beckner's alternate proposal with Donald Trump-like
smack talk about bloggers, adding, "That's not leadership."

I'll tell you what is not leadership: vilifying people with alternative views
and trying to ram your agenda through despite the concerns of voters. Real
leadership is listening to all your constituents, looking for common ground and
building consensus among people with different perspectives - like Commissioner
Kevin Beckner and Commissioner Sandra Murman are trying to do after the mess
you've made of Go Hillsborough.

Eventually, the whole county will have to vote on any new transportation tax.
Disparaging the community of Ruskin is no way to gain our support.

Mariella Smith, Ruskin

* * *

Campaign 2016

Trump should be no surprise

No one should be shocked if Donald Trump becomes the Republican nominee. If you
have even one tea partier in your life who has hung on to every word of the
right-wing media, both on TV and talk radio, who has spewed hatefulness and
negativity with a rude, condescending tone for the past eight years, you can see
how you end up with Trump. He is a direct reflection of the right. The
Republicans who are truly shocked are those who tired of the negative tone and
changed the channels years ago.

Edie Backman, Tampa

* * *

'Great again'? We are now

Donald Trump promises to make America "great again." When did we stop being
great? To what chapter in our history do we want to return when things were
"great"? Before women could vote? When black people were the property of whites
- or were kept in their place by segregation laws? What decade do we want to
revive? The '50s, when we thought fossil fuel was infinite? The Vietnam conflict
of the '60s and '70s?

Look at what we've come through. America is great now, and will continue to be
great - when we look and move forward, not backward.

Jonathan K. Jaberg, Largo

* * *

Save us from our stupidity

So I guess the way to be competitive in the race for the GOP nomination is to
"outjerk" the "jerk"? Be more obnoxious and outrageous than anybody else on
stage and you get to be president? Is nasty the new norm? I've never seen
anything like this in my life, and I hope I never see anything like it again.
The dumbing down of America is obviously in full swing.

God bless America, and if there's time, please save us from our own stupidity.

Jeff Cutting, Brandon

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday

Taiwan's president criticized for 'invisible' trip to USA

LENGTH: 625 words


Text of report by Hong Kong newspaper South China Morning Post website on 6
August

[Report by Lawrence Chung in Taipei: "Taiwan's Ma Criticised for 'Invisible'
Trip To Us"; headline as provided by source]

Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou is to make what critics have described as an
"invisible" trip to the United States.

He will arrive next Tuesday en route to two Latin American allies, but will shun
not only US officials but even Taiwanese living in the country.

Mr Ma, of the mainland -friendly Kuomintang, is scheduled to make three US
stopovers on his way to Paraguay and back from the Dominican Republic.

But such stays would be nothing more than transit stops, presidential and
Taiwanese Foreign Ministry officials said yesterday.

"The president has no intention to use the US stopovers to do anything that
conflicts with the purpose of transit stops," said Wang Yu-chi, Mr Ma's
spokesman.

Mr Ma is scheduled to stay overnight in Los Angeles on Tuesday before flying to
Paraguay for the inauguration of Fernando Lugo as president on August 15.

He would stop briefly in San Francisco on his way back from the Dominican
Republic on August 17 after attending the presidential inauguration of Leonel
Fernandez the previous day, Taiwanese Foreign Minister Francisco Ou Hung-lian
said.

Ministry officials said Mr Ma would have two more transit stops. One would be in
Panama on his way to Paraguay from Los Angeles. On his way back, he is scheduled
to stop in Austin, Texas, for his plane to refuel and continue to San Francisco.

"But the president might not even leave the plane during the one-hour refuelling
stop," a ministry official said, adding that Mr Ma had already stressed that
"transit is just transit, and no more".

Panama, Paraguay and the Dominican Republic are among just 23 Taiwanese allies.

"The president would not use the US stopovers to draw news attention to promote
himself. He has no plan to meet US officials, congressmen or scholars. Nor would
he prepare to meet our overseas Chinese compatriots in the US," the official
said.

To fit in with the low-profile nature of his US stops, the Presidential Office
has reportedly asked Taiwanese journalists accompanying the president on the
trip not to file news reports about Mr Ma's transit stops while he is still in
the US.

The request drew protests from journalists who called it unreasonable, prompting
Foreign Ministry spokesman Henry Chen Min-cheng to say that the Presidential
Office meant there would be nothing newsworthy to report.

Officials with the opposition Democratic Progressive Party accused Mr Ma
yesterday of trying to belittle Taiwan to please both Beijing and Washington.

"He thought that if he could make himself as invisible as possible, he could win
trust from China and the US, but the fact is that what he tries to do will only
belittle Taiwan," DPP international affairs director Lin Cheng-hui said.

DPP spokesman Cheng Wen-tsan accused Mr Ma of trying to silence the media,
saying it was improper of him to restrict the freedom of the press.

"Instead of forbidding the media from reporting, he should make use of the
freedom of news to highlight China's suppression of Taiwan's diplomatic space,
and the difficult situation Taiwan faces in the wake of the Chinese pressure,"
he said.

Mr Ma has said that by making his US stops transit calls, he hoped to dispel
some of the distrust between Taiwan and the US that had built up over the past
eight years.

He was referring to his predecessor Chen Shui-bian's repeated use of his US
transit stops to promote the island, an act that broke the commitment between
Taiwan and the US in keeping such stops as low profile as possible to avoid
provoking Beijing.

Source: South China Morning Post website, Hong Kong, in English 6 Aug 08

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 30, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Salazar: Lamm stereotype belittles cultures The former governor defends his
remarks and says that America is ``overdue for a candid dialogue on race and
ethnicity.''

BYLINE: Elizabeth Aguilera Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-06

LENGTH: 582 words


U.S. Sen. Ken Salazar said Friday that he resents former Gov. Dick Lamm for
saying that Latinos and blacks lack the ambition and drive of Asians and Jews.

"I think when you make the kind of statement that Dick Lamm made about
African-Americans and the Hispanic community, it belittles people, and I think
that's wrong," he said Friday at his Denver office.

Salazar is a fifth-generation Coloradan - with roots going back to the Spanish
conquistadors and the founding of New Mexico. He grew up speaking Spanish and is
one of eight siblings - all of whom graduated from college.

"When Gov. Lamm takes this paintbrush and brushes me with the characterization,
I resent that characterization," said Salazar, one of two Hispanic senators in
the U.S. Congress.

Lamm made the comments at a speech to the Vail Symposium on Monday and has since
been defending his remarks. He was a leading force for Defend Colorado Now,
which sought to prohibit illegal immigrants from receiving state services.

"Let me ask Sen. Salazar," Lamm wrote in an e-mail to The Denver Post Friday.
"Are there reasons other than racism and discrimination for minority
underperformance? Does he explain it all to racism and discrimination?"

Lamm said he holds up Asian and Jewish cultures as groups that have educational,
career and financial success, and says there must be ways to address minority
underperformance.

"The growing percentage that Blacks and Hispanics make up of our population
demands that this discussion not be put off," Lamm wrote Friday. "America is not
producing the skills, talents and educational achievement in its young people to
keep us competitive in the new global world."

Several of Lamm's fellow Democrats, including state House Speaker Andrew
Romanoff, chided Lamm for his take on minorities. Lamm counters that his point
of view isn't an attack, but a call for frank dialogue about race and
opportunity.

"We are fast-growing a second underclass, not having fully solved the problems
of the first underclass. We are overdue for an honest and candid dialogue on
race and ethnicity, and all white America must candidly participate in this
dialogue."

Lamm goes on to write, "How do we lovingly, yet adequately, diagnose the large
economic, education and employment gap between Black/Hispanic America and
White/Asian America? The problems of crime, educational failure, drugs, gangs,
teenage pregnancy, and unemployment that burden certain groups threaten our
collective future. They form a nation-threatening social pathology that must be
addressed in broader terms than we have done to date."

Salazar said he visited a school for at-risk kids this week and spoke to them
about their desires to attend college. It's unfair, he said, to play on the fear
and hate that have been connected to the immigration debate.

"These Hispanic kids who are at-risk kids going to this Horizons program have
the potential to become some of the leaders of our nation in every single way.
The same thing is true for children of all backgrounds," he said. "I think when
you stereotype people of one race or culture, and you say that their culture is
the limiting reason for them to live out those aspirations, that is wrong."

Salazar said the intensity of the immigration debate has lessened in recent
weeks and he hopes leaders focus on unifying principles, including strengthening
border security, enforcing immigration laws and providing a humane path to
legalize the estimated 12 million undocumented workers who live in the U.S.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 16, 2011 Saturday

Former mayor Beydler: Recall undermines democratic process

BYLINE: Dan Zeiger, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


July 16--Jon Beydler is the political polar opposite of Russell Pearce, making
him the unlikeliest of people to express disdain that Arizona's Senate President
must defend his seat in a recall election.

Beydler, a former Fountain Hills mayor and staunch liberal, thinks that the Nov.
8 recall election will be "a costly, time-consuming, emotional drain" on Pearce,
a Republican, and voters in District 18.

"I never heard a single word that Russell Pearce said or a single legislative
initiative that he's been behind that I agree with, but that's not the point,"
Beydler said. "The point is that I believe the recall process undermines the
entire democratic process. If you ignore left and right, liberal and
conservative, Democrat and Republican, the facts are that a minority of people
in a district can undermine the will of the voters and force a new election."

Those sentiments come from personal experience for Beydler, an East Valley
Tribune contributing columnist. In 2003 -- a year after his election as mayor of
Fountain Hills -- he was removed via a recall election. While that ouster stung,
he said, it is not the primary motivation for his anti-recall stance.

"I think this is symptomatic of dysfunction in our politics," said Beydler, who
now lives in Chandler.

According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, 19 states and the
District of Columbia permit the recall of elected officials.

The highest-profile recall election in recent years was in California in 2003.
Then-governor Gray Davis was removed from office, and the ballot for his
replacement had 135 candidates, including ex-child actor Gary Coleman, Hustler
magazine publisher Larry Flynt and porn star Mary Carey.

Arnold Schwarzenegger, who had no previous elected-office experience, earned the
most votes (4.2 million) and served eight years as governor.

In Wisconsin, nine state senators are up for recall, and Gov. Scott Walker is
also being targeted. A recall attempt of Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is in the
petition process.

Walker and Snyder were elected last November.

"Normally, recall is kept for high crimes and misdemeanors, something
horrendous," Beydler said. "People who oppose Pearce's views might see him as a
bad person, but all that is in the eye of the beholder. It's a partisan issue,
and that's part of the problem ...

"I mean, how many do-overs should we get? People should live with their choice,
especially right after an election."

A total of 10,365 valid signatures were certified by state election officials in
the Pearce recall effort; 7,756 were needed. Pearce received 17,552 votes in
last November's election to Democrat Andrew Sherwood's 10,663.

There is no formally-announced opposition for Pearce. On Friday, Jerry Lewis,
assistant superintendent for Sequoia Schools, a Mesa-based charter school chain,
said that he would announce his intentions in the coming days.

During the Fountain Hills recall process, Beydler said, his biggest mistake was
not campaigning from the start.

"I didn't think it was legitimate," Beydler said. "I saw no cause to run again
for office after I'd just won. I was trying to do my job. I ignored the process,
I ignored the opponent. I refused to campaign because I thought it was a matter
of principle.

"Trust me: Once the election is scheduled, all that goes out the window, and
it's like a brand-new campaign."

Beydler did not realize that until it was too late. He said Pearce had better
not make the same mistake.

"I know he likes to portray an image of bravado," Beydler said. "But if he
belittles the process and belittles his challengers, that's a grave error.

"A very empowered minority can overcome the wishes of the majority easily. I
imagine that there will be a lot more people energized to take him out than
leave him in. That's typically the way it works."

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110716-MZ-Former-mayor-Beydler-Recall-undermines-democratic-process-0716-20110
716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2011 East Valley Tribune


                              60 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Don't Belittle Do-Gooders

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 143 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Calling All Cameras: Living Large, Doing Good'' (Week in Review, Oct. 22):

Celebrities and other social entrepreneurs play an important role in building
coalitions of compassion and championing the needs of underserved and
underrepresented segments of society. Too often their work is trivialized by the
news media.

Instead, we should be extolling the efforts of those who work for progressive
social change. If celebrities are able to inspire and mobilize, then who are we
to belittle them -- especially in light of our elected officials' mixed-up
spending priorities and their propensity to shortchange areas of vital concern
like education, health and the environment?

Ben Cohen
Burlington, Vt., Oct. 23, 2006

The writer, a co-founder of Ben & Jerry's and the founder of TrueMajority, is
president of Business Leaders for Sensible Priorities.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              61 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 21, 1994, Monday

Thompson to answer questions regarding schools' Strategic Plan

BYLINE: By Linda Jacobson STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 424 words


Gwinnett Schools Superintendent George G. Thompson is scheduled to speak and
field questions regarding the district's controversial Strategic Plan tonight at
7 at the Gwinnett Justice and Administration Center.

But a public debate between Thompson and members of a group opposing
outcomes-based education appears unlikely.

Representatives of Citizens for Better Education in Gwinnett (CBEG) presented
members of the Gwinnett County Board of Education with a petition at last
Tuesday's monthly meeting, asking them to support a debate.

But none of the board members signed the petition, saying they feel confident in
the review process already in progress.

"I thought it was an absurd request," said board member Julie Duke. "Nobody wins
in a debate. People just get belittled. I don't want to belittle anyone and I
don't want them to belittle us anymore."

Debi Schweir of CBEG said she was disappointed by the board members' response,
but expected to be turned down.

She said she still thinks a debate would be a good way to "clear up confusion."

Most of the members of the Gwinnett legislative delegation did sign the
petition, but a few did not.

The review process has included dozens of meetings at local schools, an employee
survey and a countywide telephone poll. The results will be released when the
school system's Strategic Planning Team meets March 30 and 31 at Gwinnett Tech.

Five special school board meetings will then be held in late April and early May
to discuss proposed changes to the Strategic Plan.

"I think there are certain areas that will be dramatically changed," said board
member Louise Radloff.

But many parents say they are convinced school officials will ultimately control
the results of the research, make very few changes and continue their plans for
school reform.

Opponents feel the Strategic Plan takes the emphasis off academics and weakens
the curriculum by giving students repeated opportunities to learn material.

They also think educators are delving into the private lives of children through
counseling programs and trying to change attitudes and behavior instead of
teaching basic skills.

School officials, however, say academics have not been neglected and that they
are improving the curriculum by giving students a chance to develop real-life
skills that will prepare them for the future.

Thompson was invited to speak tonight by members of Gwinnett Citizens for
Educational Excellence, the first community group that formed in opposition to
curriculum changes in the county.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940810051

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              62 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

V. S. Naipaul's Port of Spain

SECTION: Section 7; Column 5; Book Review Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 111 words


To the Editor:

It is good to have Daphne Merkin's appreciative review of V. S. Naipaul's essays
(Sept. 1), although the captious asides and the drumbeat of derisive quotations
from his critics tend to drown out her own praise. But it seems unjust to
belittle Naipaul's immense reputation ("a relatively small audience"; not "as
widely read as he is debated") and silly to belittle his birthplace. Hardly a
"tiny and impoverished town," Port of Spain was at the time of his birth a city
of 75,000, the vibrant capital of newly oil-rich Trinidad, memorably feted in
the Nobel lecture of another great West Indian writer, Derek Walcott.

David Lowenthal
Berkeley, Calif.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              63 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           October 16, 2013 Wednesday

UNF Buddies show how it's done;
Disability is no issue in friendship between students

BYLINE: Beth Reese Cravey

SECTION: Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 611 words


Kaley Still and Cara Stieglitz are 21 years old, Jacksonville natives and boy
crazy.

They also share a love for Justin Bieber and Maroon 5, dancing, scrapbooking,
going to the beach and to the movies, sleepovers with little sleep and, now that
they are of age, an occasional adult beverage.

"We are going to be friends forever," Still said. "We're going to be bridesmaids
at each other's weddings. We're part of each other's families."

"Besties," Stieglitz said. "We are identical."

That Stieglitz has Down syndrome is about as relevant to their relationship as
Still having brown hair.

"We are two regular girls trying to make it through college," Still said. "It
really bothers me when people belittle people with disabilities. Cara and I are
equal."

That's why they are leaders of the University of North Florida's chapter of the
Best Buddies program, which matches students who have intellectual learning
disabilities with youth who have no disabilities. Best Buddies, an international
program that is also offered in middle and high schools, works to educate
students and the community about the needs and abilities of people with
intellectual disabilities and integrate them into society.

Still and Stieglitz became official Best Buddies at UNF three years ago when
Still was beginning her sophomore year and Stieglitz was a freshman. Still is
president of the UNF chapter, Stieglitz is buddy director and they are one of
about 30 matched pairs at the school.

But they were friends long before they became Buddies. They became Buddies,
Still said, because they were friends.

They met a few years earlier at Camp Promise, a Catholic Charities summer outing
for youth with disabilities. When volunteer staffer Still was paired with camper
Stieglitz, they became fast friends and built on their friendship when they
returned to the same camp the following summers.

When Still went to UNF, she said she discovered the then-struggling Best Buddies
chapter and "took over." A year later when she heard Stieglitz was headed to
UNF, she requested they be paired.

"I was hoping it was a boy," Stieglitz said. Finding out her buddy would be
Still, she said, smiling, was "almost" as good.

Since then, they have become virtual poster children for Best Buddies, giving
speeches about the program to civic clubs and spreading the word however else
they can.

"These two are absolutely incredible," said Erika Pledger, lead program manager
for Best Buddies Jacksonville, who oversees the UNF chapter. "Most of the time
matches are for a school year. They are the exception. They continue to grow as
friends. They exemplify what we are trying to achieve."

Their relationship helped cement Still's plan to become a special education
teacher. She is on track to graduate in spring 2014.

"I feel like it takes a special person," she said. "I have this passion ... It
really bothers me when people belittle people with disabilities.

"I knew it would be a waste if I didn't. I just want to make a difference."

Meanwhile, the jamming she and Stieglitz do with their favorite musicians, as
well as their dancing and giving speeches, have strengthened Stieglitz's plan to
become an actress and singer. And fashion designer on the side.

"I practice [while] watching television," she said.

Still will be there cheering her on. Her upcoming graduation, she said, will not
change a thing.

"I'm going to be there," she said.

"Best friends," Stieglitz said.

Beth Reese Cravey: (904) 359-4109

TO LEARN MORE

To donate, inquire about forming a new chapter or get more information, contact
Best Buddies Jacksonville, 4130 Salisbury Road, Suite 2200, Jacksonville, FL
32216, (904) 296-0510 or go to bestbuddiesflorida.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Bob.Self@jacksonville.com Kaley Still (left) and Cara Stieglitz, both 21, are
Best Buddies and students at the University of North Florida.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              64 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 25, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

IF WOMEN DON'T LIKE OUR KNEES, THEY CAN LOOK US IN THE EYES

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 648 words



The readers take over

Let's turn the day over to readers.

Dear Bill: Your suggestion that St. Louis lawyers wear shorts during the summer
sounds OK, but I thought their specialty was "briefs." John B.

Dear John: I can't compete with that.

==

Dear Mr. McClellan: I'm not sure if you're serious about men wearing shorts, but
I heard Nan Wyatt on KMOX and she said that she didn't want to have to look at
men's knees. I agree with her. Barbara C.

Dear Barbara: Nobody says you have to look at our knees. You can look us in the
eyes. We're people, too, even when we wear shorts.

==

Attn: Bill McClellan - No formal letter here. I don't feel that you are
deserving of it! Regarding your "little" story about "A Life With No Luck," Roy
Roberts made his own decisions on how he wanted to live. It was not his "bad
luck" that our Dear Holy Father John Paul II visited St. Louis. Roberts was
actually blessed, as was everyone in this city. Did you see the Holy Father? His
blessings were for all people, even people such as yourself. Does the Post
really need you? Sad for your article, T.J.J.

Dear T.J.J.: Maybe Roberts was blessed by the pope's visit, but it really seems
he would have been more blessed had the pope come to St. Louis a couple of weeks
later than he did. Then the papal visit would have coincided with Roberts'
execution date. As it was, the pope came when Darrell Mease was scheduled to
die, and the governor, at the pope's urging, commuted the sentence. I think the
governor felt he would look soft if he spared Roberts' life so soon after the
Mease commutation. Still seems to me like some bad luck.

==

Bill: The few of us who still occasionally read you are beginning to wonder if
your marriage is breaking up. All you write about are happy, dancing, walking,
bourgeois married couples. Believe it or not, there are many divorced, gay, and
single citizens out here. Change your style, in this and not your next lifetime.
Mr. G.

Dear Mr. G.: My marriage is fine. In this lifetime, at least. Besides, I'm
partial to old love stories, and if those stories feature happy, dancing,
walking, bourgeois married couples, that's fine with me.

==

Dear Bill: After reading your comments about Dan Quayle, I came to the
conclusion that your ignorance is exceeded only by your arrogance. You and the
biased newspaper you write for are doing everything you can to belittle,
discredit and poke fun at men like Quayle, Ashcroft and Talent. They and their
values are the only hope left for this country. Truly yours, Walter W.

Dear Walter: I do everything I can to belittle, discredit and poke fun at
Quayle. I'm only half-hearted in my efforts to belittle and discredit Ashcroft,
and I've always liked Talent.

==

Dear Bill: I can't believe you sided with the pizza driver who parked in the
handicapped zone. There is no excuse for that. Not even if it's just for a
minute. Not even if it's not the last space. There is no excuse. Period. Robert
S.

Dear Robert: I didn't exactly side with the pizza driver. I just thought that
the fellow who started yelling at him was a little off-base.

==

Dear Bill: I am not personally familiar with the 64-year-old man who drove his
car into the side of his girlfriend's house, but I work with victims of domestic
violence, and this story sounded very much like domestic violence. It did not
sound like a cute, country-western song like you suggested. I think you have
glamorized an abuser. Shame on you. Cheryl T.

Dear Cheryl: Maybe it was a case of domicile violence. You know, running into
the house. There I go again, making light of a possibly serious situation. I
mean, you may be right, Cheryl. On the other hand, it is an interesting story.
Rarely does a guy get locked up for the first time in his 60s. That makes it
sort of a county-western song, doesn't it?

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Bill McClellan Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              65 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

An absence of conscience

BYLINE: By Leonard Pitts - Miami Herald

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 585 words


As babies were being pulled, crushed and broken, from the rubble.

As people lay writhing on cardboard mats, gashed and moaning under the sun.

As families placed their loved ones out at the curb for pick-up, like garbage.

As Haiti reeled and staggered and the rest of the world rushed to the aid of a
humble, beleaguered people, two icons of American conservatism reared up and
offered analyses of the earthquake that has devastated the impoverished island
nation. The Rev. Pat Robertson opined on his program, "The 700 Club," that
Haiti's woes stem from the fact that it made a deal with the devil two centuries
ago and now is "cursed." Rush Limbaugh suggested the relief effort would "play
right into" President Obama's hands, allowing him to appear "humanitarian,
compassionate" and thus, "burnish" his standing within the African-American
community.

It left me wondering, just for the briefest of seconds, whether conservatism has
a conscience, whether conservatism has a soul.

Yes, you're right. It is a fundamentally unfair question, if only because
conservatives like columnist Kathleen Parker and TV personality Elisabeth
Hasselbeck of "The View" promptly took the men to task.

And yet, by the same token: this is hardly the first time this has happened. To
the contrary, it has become routine that after disasters both natural and human,
icons of conservatism spout hateful, hurtful, cynical words, words that belittle
the victims and trivialize the suffering.

As in Neal Boortz blaming the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina on the "worthless
parasites" who lived in New Orleans. As in Michael Savage reportedly saying the
United States should not send "one nickel" of aid to South Asia when a tsunami
killed 226,000 people because it is "a hotbed of radical Islam." As in Jerry
Falwell blaming the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that took 3,000 lives on gays,
feminism, abortion and the ACLU.

And if it is unfair to question conservatism's possession of conscience and
soul, perhaps one can be forgiven for simply wondering what is this weird
reflex, this bizarre tic, that seems to repeatedly compel its most high-profile
adherents to victimize victims. Social conservatives -- we know this, because
they tell us repeatedly -- are righteous people, people gifted with a higher
morality than the ordinary run of human beings. But one sees little of that
great-heartedness in the aftermath of tragedy. Great-heartedness, after all,
would include compassion for people suffering and bereft -- and "preclude" ad
hominem assaults on the vulnerable and helpless.

Apparently, some of us are so estranged from their very humanity, so deeply,
damnably smug, self-centered, small and mean, that there is nothing -- not the
wail of orphan children, not the stink of rotting flesh, not death tolls that
stagger imagining -- they will not reduce to cheap morality plays to further
their cultural and political agendas. Tens of thousands of people are dead in
the poorest place in the western hemisphere and the preacher asks: How can that
be used to buttress my vision of a vengeful, angry God? Relief is being rushed
to the island as fast as humanly possible and the bloviator wonders: how can
that be used to belittle Barack Obama?

A human being, faced with calamity on this scale, says, Oh, my God. A human
being says, Those poor people. A human being says, What can I do to help?

But the Limbaughs and Robertsons of the world say some variation of, God hates
you. Or, You had it coming. They call that conservative.

I call it obscene.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Trump seeks to belittle accusers

BYLINE: Jose A. DelReal;Sean Sullivan

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1712 words

DATELINE: GREENSBORO, N.C.


More women come forward

Vitriol further signals a scorched-earth strategy

GREENSBORO, N.C. - Donald Trump hurled personal insults Friday at the growing
number of women who have accused him of groping and kissing them without their
consent, labeling them as "horrible," "sick" and "phony," and suggesting that at
least two of them were not attractive enough to warrant his attention.

As Trump spoke about the allegations, supporters who gathered to see him at an
afternoon rally here cheered him on, at one point chanting "Lock her up!" while
he was talking about one of the accusers - a slogan usually reserved for
Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. At another point, he also appeared to
disparage Clinton's looks in recounting their encounter at Sunday's presidential
debate: "And when she walked in front of me, believe me, I wasn't impressed."

The vitriol provided further evidence of Trump's intention to wage an
unprecedented scorched-earth campaign in the final 3                1/2
weeks before Election Day that seems likely to leave few unscarred in either
party. It also came on a day when two more women stepped forward to accuse Trump
of groping them without their consent and as new videotapes emerged of Trump
speaking in crude terms about sex on "The Howard Stern Show."

Campaigning for Clinton in Cleveland, President Obama mocked Trump for alleging
that there was a global conspiracy against him and again scolded Republicans for
tolerating Trump's offensive behavior toward women and others.

"He doesn't have the temperament, he doesn't have the knowledge, he doesn't seem
to have the interest in acquiring the knowledge or the basic honesty that a
president needs to have," Obama said. "And that was true before we heard him
talking about how he treats women."

At the Greensboro rally, Trump sought to belittle Jessica Leeds - who first told
the New York Times that Trump groped her and tried to reach up her skirt on a
flight more than three decades ago - by suggesting that she was not attractive
enough for him to pursue.

" 'I was sitting with him on an airplane, and he went after me on the plane,' "
Trump said, mockingly impersonating Leeds. "Yeah, I'm gonna go after - believe
me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you."

Trump also called another accuser, former People Magazine reporter Natasha
Stoynoff, a "liar" and added, "Check out her Facebook, you'll understand." The
crowd laughed.

Stoynoff accused Trump of kissing her without permission in 2005 as she prepared
to interview him and his wife, Melania, for a story.

Trump also continued criticizing the Times, which first reported the allegations
of Leeds and another woman. The GOP nominee, who has often directed his
anti-immigrant rhetoric at Mexicans, accused Times reporters of being "corporate
lobbyists" for Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim, the largest shareholder at the
paper.

"Now Carlos Slim, as you know, comes from Mexico. He's given many millions of
dollars to the Clintons and their initiatives. So Carlos Slim, largest owner of
the paper, from Mexico," said Trump.

The wave of groping allegations has come in the wake of a 2005 video published
last week by The Washington Post showing Trump boasting in crude and profane
terms about forcing himself on women sexually. After casting the comments as
mere "locker-room talk" and saying he had never groped a woman against her will,
a half-dozen women have come forward to claim otherwise.

In a report published Friday, Kristin Anderson told The Post that Trump slid his
hand under her miniskirt at a New York nightspot in the early 1990s, touching
her vagina through her underwear.

Trump appeared to reference the allegation at the North Carolina rally, saying:
"One came out recently where I was sitting alone in some club. I really don't
sit alone that much. Honestly, folks, I don't think I sit alone." Anderson never
told The Post that Trump was alone.

He continued: "And then I went whaa-," as he abruptly reached to the side with
his right hand, apparently mimicking groping.

Also Friday, Summer Zervos, a former contestant on the reality show "The
Apprentice," accused Trump of aggressively kissing her and groping her breasts
during a 2007 meeting to discuss a possible job at the Trump Organization.

Zervos, who appeared on the show in 2006 and now owns a California restaurant,
spoke about the incident at a news conference alongside civil rights lawyer
Gloria Allred. At times tearing up, Zervos said the incident occurred at Trump's
bungalow suite at the Beverly Hills Hotel, which she visited after he suggested
that the two have dinner.

In a written statement, Trump said that he "vaguely" recalled Zervos as a
contestant on "The Apprentice" and that "I never met her at a hotel or greeted
her inappropriately a decade ago."

In the same statement, Trump said, "In the coming days I plan on addressing our
nation in a more personal way to present my vision for how together we fight to
bring back American jobs and defend our country against radical Islamic
terrorism."

The GOP nominee has alleged, without evidence, that the accusers who emerged
this week were working in league with the Clinton campaign and the news media in
a conspiracy to undermine his campaign. He also expressed bewilderment that
nobody has made accusations of sexual assault against Obama.

"Why doesn't some woman maybe come up and say what they say falsely about me,
they could say it about him. They could say it about anybody. They could say it
about anybody. I'll tell you what, he better be careful, because they could say
it about anybody," Trump said.

Trump said his close associates are advising him not to talk about the mounting
allegations of unwanted sexual advances and instead focus on policy issues.

"My people always say: 'Oh, don't talk about it. Talk about jobs. Talk about the
economy," Trump said, but he added, "I feel I have to talk about them because
you have to dispute when somebody says something."

Trump's decision to sharply attack his female accusers complicates his own
campaign's decision to relitigate past allegations of sexual assault against
Bill Clinton and to allege that Hillary Clinton helped undermine the accusers;
the former president has denied wrongdoing in the cases.

The presidential campaign's rapidly deteriorating tenor - and Trump's worsening
slide in the polls - are also causing heartburn for other Republicans, who are
increasingly working to distance themselves from the GOP nominee.

In an address in his home state on Friday, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.)
attacked Clinton and framed the presidential election as a stark choice between
liberal and conservative values - without once mentioning Trump.

Ryan, who said Monday that he would no longer campaign with or defend Trump,
acknowledged the election has taken "some dark - sometimes very dark - turns"
without addressing the details. Instead, he argued for the value of conservative
leadership in Congress.

"Beneath all the ugliness lies a long-running debate between two governing
philosophies: one that is in keeping with our nation's founding principles -
like freedom and equality - and another that seeks to replace them," Ryan said.

The speech was followed by a moderated question-and-answer session with college
Republicans in attendance. None of the students who were called on by the
moderator asked Ryan about Trump.

There is widespread worry throughout the Republican Party that Trump's
tumultuous campaign will rock down-ballot races, resulting in increasing focus
on Congress. The Republican National Committee said Friday that it had
transferred $4.5 million to the National Republican Senatorial Committee and
$1.85 million to the National Republican Congressional Committee, a move that it
said was backed by the Trump campaign.

Clinton, who headed to Seattle to raise money Friday, plans to directly address
the claims of sexual assault and other impropriety by Trump, suggesting that the
issue will be prominent in the final presidential debate on Wednesday.

"I think you should expect to see her do this," Clinton communications director
Jennifer Palmieri told reporters aboard Clinton's plane. She declined to be more
specific.

Palmieri also slammed Trump for repeating conspiracies "from the furthest right,
most disturbing elements of the [Republican] Party."

Clinton will spend time preparing for the debate in Las Vegas in much the same
way she has prepared for the previous two, Palmieri said. The session is the
"last, biggest audience" before Election Day, she said.

In Cleveland at a rally in front of about 2,500 people at a regional airport
Friday, Obama told the enthusiastic crowd that it needed to push hard to elect
Clinton or risk losing "everything" Democrats had worked for over the past eight
years.

"Donald Trump's closing argument is, 'What do you have to lose?' " he told the
audience, echoing a phrase Trump often uses. "The answer is everything."

New details about Trump's history of lewd comments about women emerged Friday as
The Post reported on six recordings it obtained of interviews Trump did on
Stern's radio show between 2002 and 2013. Some of the recordings were described
in part in previous news reports.

In a 2004 clip, Trump and Stern talk about the then-teenage actress Lindsay
Lohan - and the impact of her father's troubles on her.

"Can you imagine the sex with this troubled [woman]?" Stern asks.

"You're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled, and therefore great in
bed," Trump responds. "How come the deeply troubled women, you know, deeply,
deeply troubled, they're always the best in bed?"

"You don't want to be with them for the long term," Trump says, concluding this
thought. "But for the short term, there's nothing like it."

Asked for comment Friday, Lohan's spokesman Hunter Frederick said in a
statement, "Right now, Lindsay is choosing to focus on the positive things
happening in her life and has decided to disregard the comments made about her
by Presidential nominee Donald Trump."

jose.delreal@washpost.com

sean.sullivan@washpost.com

Sullivan reported from Washington. Juliet Eilperin in Cleveland, Anne Gearan in
Seattle, and Kelsey Snell, David A. Fahrenthold, Rosalind S. Helderman, Karen
Tumulty and Matea Gold in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 16, 1994, Saturday, City Edition

NEA applauded for taking a stand on juice issue

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 3195 words



The National Education Association's (NEA) decision to boycott Florida's
precious liquid gold (orange juice) has seemingly angered the flock of the
self-proclaimed truth detector, Rush Limbaugh, based on the letters to the
editor published in the July 11 edition of the Times.

The common theme among Mr. Limbaugh's followers was that the NEA's decision  to
boycott Florida's orange juice was politically motivated because Rush's  views
differ from the NEA's. Several of the writers couldn't remain focused on  the
boycott issue and - in typical Limbaughism behavior - proceeded to present
their philosophical views on other, wholly unrelated issues, such as the
quality of our children's education. In fact, the NEA was lambasted for, as  one
Rush supporter wrote, "the sorry state of education in this country and  (the
NEA's) responsibility for the mess."

In the first place, to suggest that the NEA is solely responsible for our
educational woes in this country is absurd on its face. Further, boycotts of
consumer products are nothing new and the NEA's decision shouldn't be taken so
personally by Rush's Floridian Fan Club. Organizations, like the NEA, often
times endorse boycotts of products which are linked, directly or indirectly,  to
views which differ from a particular organization's own agenda. For  example,
the American Family Association, directed by Rev. Donald Wildmon,  routinely
launches boycotts against consumer products whose manufacturers  sponsor
television programs which that organization deems offensive.

Second, I applaud the NEA and the teachers it represents for taking a stand  on
an issue which has much more at stake than orange juice. Responsible  parents do
not teach their children to belittle and degrade other human beings  simply
because their personal views may differ. It only follows, then, that we  should
expect nothing less from our teachers and the organizations who  represent them,
who help mold these precious young minds into responsible  adults. And, if that
means boycotting a precious commodity because its  spokesperson is known to
belittle and degrade other Americans who do not share  his views, then so be it.

And, to those who are concerned about boycotting such a healthy drink, let  me
remind you that nonboycotted orange juice is still available - from  California.



David W. Kent, Largo

   I am writing in response to the "teacher bashing" that seems to be  prevalent
in your paper recently due to articles on suggested raises for Dr.  Hinesley and
boycotts against orange juice.

It has become popular lately to blame teachers for the condition of  education
in our state. I wonder if any of these people have been in a  classroom lately,
giving them first-hand knowledge of local teachers. It has  been my privilege to
know all of my sons' teachers during the last eight years  in the Pinellas
County school system. They were all dedicated to giving my  children the best
possible education. All of them took money out of their own  pockets to purchase
the extra supplies needed to make getting an education  interesting. They work
on their own time, at no cost to us, the taxpayers, to  learn new teaching
methods and to keep up with the vast amount of information  necessary to teach
our children the basics they need to survive in our world.  And what do they get
for all this effort? A living wage and our contempt for  not making super
students of our little angels.

My youngest son has been diagnosed as hyperactive. He is a handful by  himself.
In an average classroom, there are three children like my son in with  the rest
of the class of 21. Teachers must teach, math, reading, science,  health,
writing skills and living skills (such as how to say no to drugs and  how to
avoid child molestation), all in a six-hour day. Add to that physical
education, art, music and lunch. And now the School Board says they must teach
our children how to have a positive self-image so they will be able to face  the
real world. All in six hours a day, with no help from us, because it's  their
job.

We are wrong. We have forgotten that it is our job to teach our children.  The
public school system should not be responsible for feeding them breakfast,
taking them to the museum and helping them gain a positive self-image. That is
our job. Maybe if we start taking responsibility for the proper upbringing of
our own children, the teachers can spend their six hours a day giving our
children a quality education.

We need to stop berating our teachers and give them some well-deserved  respect.
For some of our children, they are the only positive role model  around. For
some, the only person who cares.

Kathleen Batchelor, Clearwater

   Re: Teachers vote to boycott Florida juice, July 5.

I can't believe it! There are a variety of causes that the National  Education
Association could address and stand "shoulder to shoulder" on and  they choose
to waste their time boycotting Florida orange juice if Rush  Limbaugh's contract
is renewed. Give me a break.

Frances Passero Kasimer, St. Petersburg

Lift the embargo

   I wish to congratulate the brave people of the Sarasota Sailing Squadron  who
made their remarkable trip to Cuba, taking humanitarian aid to that  island's
people. The trip exemplifies the American nature to lend a helping  hand to
people in need. It is time we move forward to develop some kind of  evolving
relationship with Cuba and look beyond Fidel Castro.

Present strategy to starve Castro's economy could in the end prove
counterproductive. The real losers in Cuba are the Cuban people who are
suffering. The argument presented favoring the embargo states: "The people in
Cuba want it." This argument appears to be flawed, for if the people want the
embargo, then why do so many Cubans risk their lives crossing the Straits of
Florida in rickety boats? The truth is, the Cubans braving the straits are
mainly economic and not political refugees. This resultant mass migration of
people into Florida further tax our overextended social services. Another
potential pothole is that many Cubans may blame their misfortunes on the
embargo. Thus, in the eventuality of Castro leaving office, there is no basis
to indicate that our relationship with that island's people will mend easily.

We are living in a period of history where many lifelong conflicts are  being
resolved by the parties coming together in open dialogue, and departing  from
their confrontational past. I will mention two examples: the negotiated
agreements between the Israeli government and the Palestinians, and the
developments that led to national reconciliation in South Africa. An
examination of the price paid in blood in either conflict is mind-boggling.
However, the opposing parties have rightly realized that tearing each other
apart has not moved them towards a settlement. In terms of human trauma the
Cuban conflict pales significantly against these.

The time has come to re-examine the Cuban issue in an objective manner.  There
are journalists, commentators (a prime example is John McLaughlin),  politicians
as well as experts on Cuban affairs who support a lifting of the  Cuban embargo.
The United Nations in the recent past has voted heavily against  the Cuban
embargo - which it feels is partly responsible for Cuba's  deteriorating human
rights condition. The media for its part can help to  educate us better by
getting the views of people who feel the embargo is  outdated, the public
deserves to see the other side of the coin. I support a  lifting of the embargo,
which along with the new market forces now entering  Cuba will have a positive
impact on that society.

George Edwards, Tampa

No problem, relax

   I recently read with interest your article about the dispute between Walt
Disney Productions and the New York state track club over the use of the  phrase
hakuna matata. The Nairobi Night Club is a local nonprofit group  dedicated to
bringing the people of Tampa Bay closer together through the  mutual enjoyment
of world music. We have, since our inception in 1990, used  the phrase hakuna
matata on our T-shirts. As pointed out in your article the  phrase is very
popular among the Kiswahili-speaking people and is used to mean  no problem.

The notion that this phrase can be copyrighted seems a bit far-fetched to  me,
like copyrighting the translation. Maybe the disputants should relax and  listen
to the music of Pepe Kalle, Orchestre Virunga or Diblo and Matchatcha.  That
might help them appreciate the true meaning of hakuna matata.

John Dubrule, President, Nairobi Night Club,

St. Petersburg Beach

Column praised

   Re: What's so conservative about common sense?, by Bill Maxwell, July 10.

Poignant. Illuminating. Excellent column.

J.R. Ford, Crystal Beach

Teach the children

   Recently the Times ran a phone poll asking children to call the
"X-PRESSLINE" and vote on how they viewed the Fourth of July holiday. Of the
371 that called, 76 thought the Fourth was a good thing. Your report states
that 295 said that "it is a big drag, man."

Do these children know what the Fourth of July is? Have they not been  taught
that it is Independence Day, and what it means to all of us? Have we  stopped
teaching American history in school? Have we stopped being proud of  America,
being proud of those who gave so much to preserve our independence?  Have we
stopped being thankful for living in a country where we have all  anyone could
ask for, and the right to enjoy it? Have we stopped being  patriotic - is that a
bad word now? Have we become a nation of "live for  today, the hell with
yesterday or tomorrow"? Because of adult leadership,  holidays like Independence
Day become a drag as adults have turned it into  just another day off, a time to
shop for the holiday bargains rather than show  and tell the children what it is
all about. Flag-waving has never been a  crime, nothing to be ashamed of.

Times have changed, and not always for the better. I can remember when, on
Independence Day, Memorial Day, Armistice Day, etc., we would count the number
of homes and businesses that failed to fly our flag - now we count the small
number that do. The parades have gone, the spirit has gone. God bless America  -
someone has to.

Alfred Meyer, Palm Harbor

Eliminate the fraud

   Re: A medical nightmare, June 26.

I think this commentary epitomizes what is wrong with the health care  system as
it currently exists in this country.

A couple years back in a study done by Modern Maturity, the senior  citizens'
bible, it was noted that fully 25 percent of the billings to  Medicare were
fraudulent in some manner. For example, billing for procedures  not performed,
or for others that were actually performed, or for more  extensive procedures
than were actually performed, etc. What a sad situation  when, as the article
notes, there is so much fraud that only Medicare cases  involving $ 1-million or
more are even investigated.

The Times, in a study related to physician investment in medical facilities
(clinics, etc.), noted that those with the investments sent many more patients
for tests than physicians who had no such investment, and that their  facilities
routinely charged fees greater than independent clinics.

The Times also ran articles noting that hospitals routinely charge  Medicare,
Medicaid and third-party-payer patients much more than noninsured  patients for
the same procedures.

Identical drugs can be purchased in Mexico for at least 50 percent less  than
they can in the United States. Is it any wonder that the pharmaceutical
industry is one of the darlings of the stock market today?

Just the elimination of the fraud in the health care system as noted above
would more than pay for insuring all those who cannot now afford it. It is a
sad commentary that the profession which should, and previously did, set the
moral and ethical standards for the nation as a whole, should because of the
"cash cows" of government and third-party payers become one of the most
corrupt.

We may have the best health care in the world, but if it continues as it is  now
it will collapse in its own black hole.

Donald F. Murphy, Dunedin

No tears

   Re: North Korea.

1. Bitterness solves nothing, editorial, July 13.

Baloney!

2. No tears from me for dead dictator, by Mike Royko, July 13.

Ditto!

Don Schwager, Indian Shores

Private matters

   William Raspberry's commentary, Liberals shouldn't disdain religion's role
in American life, in your July 8 edition, makes a blanket condemnation of
"liberals" for having "abandoned patriotism" and "traditional morality,"
neither of which allegation appears valid.

As to patriotism, not only liberals, but most reasonable persons have long
since formed an active mistrust for those pontificators who distract from  their
nefarious purposes by diligent flag-waving; refer to 17th century  lexicographer
Samuel Johnson's definition, "Patriotism: The last refuge of a  scoundrel." And
surely it is also relevant that we, as a nation, were founded  by that supreme
act of anti-patriotism, secession from the British Empire by  means of armed
rebellion.

As to Raspberry's determination that "Intellectualizing has not produced
solutions to the problems that have so many of us in fear for our lives," and
that "people find their lives emptier and emptier," surely it is debatable  that
our contemporaries find their lives emptier and emptier, nor is it any  failure
of intellectualizing but the lack of intellectualizing and the impetus  of
religion and patriotism that would seem to be fueling the  Serbian-Muslin-Croat
genocide in the former Yugoslavia.

Perhaps Ellen Goodman's Even royalty can't resist the allure of our  tell-all
culture, a commentary which appears directly beneath Mr. Raspberry's,  may
provide some insight into the liberal position on religion and patriotism,
which, essentially, is not that they are "disdained," but that they are, and
should remain, private matters.

Ben Tutoli, St. Petersburg

   William Raspberry's quotation of Vaclav Havel in his July 8th column
reminded me of another European leader, some 60 years ago:

"Secular schools can never be tolerated because such schools have no  religious
instruction, and a general moral instruction without religious  foundation is
built on air; consequently all character training and religion  must be derived
from faithFaith transcends reason, and too much reasoning can  destroy faithwe
need a believing people."

The date was April 26, 1933; the speaker, Adolf Hitler, on signing the
Nazi-Vatican Concordat. Must we continually learn the value of the separation
of church and state through such lessons? Whether religion is called "civil"  or
otherwise, the effects have always been the same, as noted in 1890 when the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin stopped Bible-reading in public schools. The Court
observed:

There is no such source and cause of strife, quarrel, fights, malignant
opposition, persecution, and war, and all evil in the state, as religion. Let
it once enter into our civil affairs, our government would soon be destroyed.
Let it once enter our common schools, they would be destroyed.

Can we not learn from this? Are we doomed to repeat the past? I hope not; I
hope the citizens of the United States and Europe have enough common sense to
ignore both Raspberry and Havel, who have decided to commit intellectual
suicide and are urging others to join them as they dive into the abyss

I fear they do not.

Brent Yaciw, Seminole

   A recent letter discussed the (so-called) disproportionate coverage in  favor
of a gay rights march over a Christian march for Jesus. The letter  writer
states a painfully redundant gripe that Christians do not get their  fair share
of news coverage. As well as feeling slighted, the writer no doubt  harbors a
feeling that homosexuality is immoral and does not merit coverage at  all. I do
not think I can disagree with more conviction.

As a religious group, Christians receive, by enormous stretch, more public
coverage than any other special interest group. At any given time, the news
media acknowledges some kind of Christian interest; from a church's bake sale
to this paper's Religion section each week (which is by and large
Christian-focused). I guess the letter writer turns a blind eye and deaf ear  to
religious coverage he doesn't like: The coverage of Christian  anti-abortionists
forcing our Supreme Court to crack down on public assembly  rights because of
their abuse of that right; the coverage of a war in Bosnia  where Christian
Serbs slaughter Bosnian Muslims over religious dogma (but no  media dare call it
a religious war); the pope becoming furious that his own  staff suggest that
overpopulation is a problem - and I could go on for days.

The media's first responsibility is to inform the public on social and  secular
events around us. Religion is a personal and private issue. The  exercise of
those beliefs and our right to free speech do not necessarily make  a newsworthy
event. I personally feel that the Times does an excellent job of  separating the
wheat from the chaff.

Liz Simpson, Clearwater

Makes you wonder

   I so enjoyed Channel 16's program on "Forming Our Union" on July 4. The
struggles, compromises and debates to get the Constitution worked out, passed
and signed by all the delegates and to realize what a masterful piece it was
and to have lasted all these years, with some changes, but basically unchanged
is remarkable.

Then you watch the gang that's in Washington now trying for  one-and-one-half
years to pass a health care bill and getting nowhere.

It makes you wonder.

H. Bernice Gillespie, Clearwater

Job for the media

   Re: President Clinton responding to radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh.

I can remember when the media urged President Eisenhower to respond to the
unfounded accusations of Sen. McCarthy. I have been waiting for President
Clinton to respond to the false accusations by the many talk show hosts,
including Rush Limbaugh.

Now that the president has responded, the media has criticized him for  doing
so.

When will the media expose Rush Limbaugh as Ed Murrow did to Sen. Joe  McCarthy?



Mort Zimbler, S. Pasadena

Share your opinions

   We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be
addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731,
(FAX number, 893-8675).

Letters must include the name, address and telephone number of the writer.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be printed.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON , DON ADDIS; A high-ranking military man shows
the list of friendly fire deaths to another man telling him that people were
afraid a high-tech military would eliminate the human element.

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              68 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Chester Progressive (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Nonprofit to host activities for domestic violence awareness

BYLINE: The Chester Progressive staff

LENGTH: 594  words


October is National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.

Experts say domestic violence is on the rise and bringing down a wider
demographic than ever before in ways not traditionally recognized as abuse.

"Domestic Violence is so prevalent in society that it's becoming mainstream,"
said Stacie Berrie, a case manager for the nonprofit Plumas Rural Services in
Quincy.

"They don't have to hit you for it to be abuse. They can manipulate, belittle,
humiliate, blame, ridicule, disrespect and try to control you."

In support of the national campaign, PRS is hosting the fifth annual Domestic
Violence Walk/Run, starting at 10 a.m. at Feather River College's Equine
Facility on Oct. 3.

That same day, the second annual Celebration of Courage is scheduled for 4 to 7
p.m., at Pangea Cafe and Pub in Quincy. The gathering includes an art exhibition
featuring Julie Hatzell's "50 Shades of Domestic Violence" and Micaela
Rubalcava's "Opening the Heart."

Although awareness of domestic violence is improving, officials state more than
half of violent acts still go unreported. Worldwide, one in three women has been
beaten or abused during her lifetime. Most often, the abuser is a family member.

"Imagine being with two very different men," shared "Yvonne" -- a domestic
violence survivor. "One is kind, loving and adoring. He listens to you, brings
you flowers and makes you breakfast in bed. The other... reminds you of your
faults, belittles you, pushes you, hits you and tells you that you are not
loving enough. For a battered woman, these are both the same man."

PRS Community Training Manager Dana Nowling said a critical part of the domestic
violence awareness campaign is to educate people on the various forms of abuse,
who they impact and how.

"Domestic violence knows no boundaries and can impact anyone regardless of their
social, economic, racial or cultural background," she explained. "Men, children
and teenagers experience abuse as well."

Officials said domestic violence in a relationship often begins with threats and
verbal abuse. The abuser's goal is to gain and maintain control over the victim.

They frequently inflict dominance, humiliation, isolation, threats,
intimidation, denial and violence to achieve their end goal.

"Abusers try to control their victim's live," stated a PRS representative. "When
abusers feel a loss of control -- like when victims try to leave them -- the
abuse often gets worse. This is when the majority of domestic violence
fatalities occur."

Plumas County is no stranger to domestic violence. A local dispatcher said
domestic disturbance calls come in daily with often tragic results.

Authorities added abusers are often hard to detect in the beginning of a
relationship. Warning signs don't usually surface until six months into the
relationship.

After that, victims are often plunged into a dangerous and dramatic downward
spiral.

"Abuse gets worse over time," warned Berrie. "Get help now."

For more information about victim services, to register for the 5K Walk/Run, or
to purchase Celebration of Courage tickets, call PRS at 283-5675, or visit
plumasruralservices.org.

Who Can Help?

Plumas Rural Services Domestic Violence

Services Safe, confidential assistance for anyone who is a victim of domestic
violence. A confidential "Safe House" is available for short-term housing, as
well as assistance with restraining orders and referrals to appropriate support
services.

Phone: 283-5675 or 888-504-5102

Crisis Line: 800-283-4333

Plumas Rural Services

Respond to Youth Free Confidential Line Call or Text: 616-1480

Website: plumasruralservices.org

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Chester Progressive


                              69 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Trump seeks to belittle accusers

BYLINE: Jose A. DelReal;Sean Sullivan

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1625 words

DATELINE: GREENSBORO, N.C.


More women come forward

Vitriol  further signals a scorched-earth strategy

GREENSBORO, N.C. - Donald Trump hurled personal insults Friday at the growing
number of women who have accused him of groping and kissing them without their
consent, labeling them as "horrible," "sick" and "phony," and suggesting that at
least two of them were not attractive enough to warrant his attention.

As Trump spoke about the allegations, supporters who gathered to see him at an
afternoon rally here cheered him on, at one point chanting "Lock her up!" while
he was talking about one of the accusers - a slogan usually reserved for
Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. At another point, he also appeared to
disparage Clinton's looks in recounting their encounter at Sunday's presidential
debate: "And when she walked in front of me, believe me, I wasn't impressed."

The vitriol provided further evidence of Trump's intention to wage an
unprecedented scorched-earth campaign in the final 3                1/2
weeks before Election Day that seems likely to leave few unscarred in either
party. It also came on a day when two more women stepped forward to accuse Trump
of groping them without their consent and as new videotapes emerged of Trump
speaking in crude terms about sex on "The Howard Stern Show."

Campaigning for Clinton in Cleveland, President Obama mocked Trump for alleging
that there was a global conspiracy against him and again scolded Republicans for
tolerating Trump's offensive behavior toward women and others.

"He doesn't have the temperament, he doesn't have the knowledge, he doesn't seem
to have the interest in acquiring the knowledge or the basic honesty that a
president needs to have," Obama said. "And that was true before we heard him
talking about how he treats women."

At the rally in Greensboro, Trump sought to belittle Jessica Leeds - who first
told the New York Times that Trump groped her and tried to reach up her skirt on
a flight more than three decades ago - by suggesting that she was not attractive
enough for him to pursue.

" 'I was sitting with him on an airplane, and he went after me on the plane,' "
Trump said, mockingly impersonating Leeds. "Yeah, I'm gonna go after - believe
me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you."

Trump also called another accuser, former People Magazine reporter Natasha
Stoynoff, a "liar" and added, "Check out her Facebook, you'll understand." The
crowd laughed.

Stoynoff accused Trump of kissing her without permission in 2005 as she prepared
to interview him and his wife, Melania, for a story.

The wave of groping allegations has come in the wake of a 2005 video published
last week by The Washington Post showing Trump boasting in crude and profane
terms about forcing himself on women sexually. After casting the comments as
mere "locker-room talk" and saying he had never groped a women against her will,
a half-dozen women have come forward to claim otherwise.

In a report published Friday, Kristin Anderson told The Post that Trump slid his
hand under her miniskirt at a New York night spot in the early 1990s, touching
her vagina through her underwear.

Trump appeared to reference the allegation at the North Carolina rally, saying:
"One came out recently where I was sitting alone in some club. I really don't
sit alone that much. Honestly, folks, I don't think I sit alone." Anderson never
told The Post that Trump was alone.

He continued: "And then I went whaa-," as he abruptly reached to the side with
his right hand, apparently mimicking groping.

Also Friday, Summer Zervos, a former contestant on the reality show "The
Apprentice," accused Trump of aggressively kissing her and groping her breasts
during a 2007 meeting to discuss a possible job at the Trump Organization.

Zervos, who appeared on the show in 2006 and now owns a California restaurant,
spoke about the incident at a news conference alongside civil rights lawyer
Gloria Allred. At times tearing up, Zervos said the incident occurred at Trump's
bungalow suite at the Beverly Hills Hotel, which she visited after he suggested
that the two have dinner.

In a written statement, Trump said that he "vaguely" recalled Zervos as a
contestant on "The Apprentice" and that "I never met her at a hotel or greeted
her inappropriately a decade ago."

In the same statement, Trump said, "In the coming days I plan on addressing our
nation in a more personal way to present my vision for how together we fight to
bring back American jobs and defend our country against radical Islamic
terrorism."

The GOP nominee has alleged, without evidence, that the accusers who emerged
this week were working in league with the Clinton campaign and the news media in
a conspiracy to undermine his campaign. He also expressed bewilderment that
nobody has made accusations of sexual assault against Obama.

"Why doesn't some woman maybe come up and say what they say falsely about me,
they could say it about him. They could say it about anybody. They could say it
about anybody. I'll tell you what, he better be careful, because they could say
it about anybody," Trump said.

Trump said his close associates are advising him not to talk about the mounting
allegations of unwanted sexual advances and instead focus on policy issues.

"My people always say: 'Oh, don't talk about it. Talk about jobs. Talk about the
economy," Trump said, but he added, "I feel I have to talk about them because
you have to dispute when somebody says something."

Trump's decision to sharply attack his female accusers complicates his own
campaign's decision to relitigate past allegations of sexual assault against
Bill Clinton and to allege that Hillary Clinton helped undermine the accusers;
the former president has denied wrongdoing in the cases.

The presidential campaign's rapidly deteriorating tenor - and Trump's worsening
slide in the polls - are also causing heartburn for other Republicans, who are
increasingly working to distance themselves from the GOP nominee.

In an address in his home state on Friday, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.)
attacked Clinton and framed the presidential election as a stark choice between
liberal and conservative values - without once mentioning Trump.

Ryan, who said Monday that he would no longer campaign with or defend Trump,
acknowledged the election has taken "some dark - sometimes very dark - turns"
without addressing the details. Instead, he argued for the value of conservative
leadership in Congress.

"Beneath all the ugliness lies a long-running debate between two governing
philosophies: one that is in keeping with our nation's founding principles -
like freedom and equality - and another that seeks to replace them," Ryan said.

The speech was followed by a moderated question-and-answer session with college
Republicans in attendance. None of the students who were called on by the
moderator asked Ryan about Trump.

There is widespread worry throughout the Republican Party that Trump's
tumultuous campaign will rock down-ballot races, resulting in increasing focus
on Congress. The Republican National Committee said Friday that it had
transferred $4.5 million to the National Republican Senatorial Committee and
$1.85 million to the National Republican Congressional Committee, a move that it
said was backed by the Trump campaign.

Clinton, who headed to Seattle to raise money Friday, plans to directly address
the claims of sexual assault and other impropriety by Trump, suggesting that the
issue will be prominent in the final presidential debate on Wednesday.

"I think you should expect to see her do this," Clinton communications director
Jennifer Palmieri told reporters aboard Clinton's plane. She declined to be more
specific.

Palmieri also slammed Trump for repeating conspiracies "from the furthest right,
most disturbing elements of the [Republican] Party."

Clinton will spend time preparing for the debate in Las Vegas in much the same
way she has prepared for the previous two, Palmieri said. The session is the
"last, biggest audience" before Election Day, she said.

In Cleveland at a rally in front of about 2,500 people at a regional airport
Friday, Obama told the enthusiastic crowd that it needed to push hard to elect
Clinton or risk losing "everything" Democrats had worked for over the past eight
years.

"Donald Trump's closing argument is, 'What do you have to lose?' " he told the
audience, echoing a phrase Trump often uses. "The answer is everything."

New details about Trump's history of lewd comments about women emerged Friday as
The Post reported on six recordings it obtained of interviews Trump did on
Stern's radio show between 2002 and 2013. Some of the recordings were described
in part in previous news reports.

In a 2004 clip, Trump and Stern talk about actress Lindsay Lohan - and the
impact of her father's troubles on Lohan.

"Can you imagine the sex with this troubled [woman]?" Stern asks.

"You're probably right. She's probably deeply troubled, and therefore great in
bed," Trump responds. "How come the deeply troubled women, you know, deeply,
deeply troubled, they're always the best in bed?"

"You don't want to be with them for the long term," Trump says, concluding this
thought. "But for the short term, there's nothing like it."

Asked for comment Friday, Lohan's spokesman Hunter Frederick said in a
statement, "Right now, Lindsay is choosing to focus on the positive things
happening in her life and has decided to disregard the comments made about her
by Presidential nominee Donald Trump."

jose.delreal@washpost.com

sean.sullivan@washpost.com

Sullivan reported from Washington. Juliet Eilperin in Cleveland, Anne Gearan in
Seattle, and Kelsey Snell, David A. Fahrenthold, Rosalind S. Helderman, Karen
Tumulty and Matea Gold in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            January 25, 2010 Monday

Pitts: (Absence of) a conscience of a conservative

BYLINE: Leonard Pitts

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 618 words


As babies were being pulled, crushed and broken, from the rubble.

As people lay writhing on cardboard mats, gashed and moaning under the sun.



 As families placed their loved ones out at the curb for pick-up, like garbage.



 As Haiti reeled and staggered and the rest of the world rushed to the aid of a
humble, beleaguered people, two icons of American conservatism reared up last
week and offered analyses of the earthquake that has devastated the impoverished
island nation. The Rev. Pat Robertson opined on his program, "The 700 Club,"
that Haiti's woes stem from the fact that it made a deal with the devil two
centuries ago and now is "cursed." Rush Limbaugh suggested the relief effort
would "play right into" President Obama's hands, allowing him to appear
"humanitarian, compassionate" and thus, "burnish" his standing within the
African-American community.





 It left me wondering, just for the briefest of seconds, whether conservatism
has a conscience, whether conservatism has a soul.



 Yes, you're right. It is a fundamentally unfair question, if only because
conservatives like columnist Kathleen Parker and TV personality Elisabeth
Hasselbeck of "The View" promptly took the men to task.



 And yet, by the same token: this is hardly the first time this has happened. To
the contrary, it has become routine that after disasters both natural and human,
icons of conservatism spout hateful, hurtful, cynical words, words that belittle
the victims and trivialize the suffering.



 As in Neal Boortz blaming the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina on the "worthless
parasites" who lived in New Orleans.



 As in Michael Savage reportedly saying the United States should not send "one
nickel" of aid to South Asia when a tsunami killed 226,000 people because it is
"a hotbed of radical Islam."



 As in Jerry Falwell blaming the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that took 3,000
lives on gays, feminism, abortion and the ACLU.



 And if it is unfair to question conservatism's possession of conscience and
soul, perhaps one can be forgiven for simply wondering what is this weird
reflex, this bizarre tic, that seems to repeatedly compel its most high-profile
adherents to victimize victims. Social conservatives -- we know this, because
they tell us repeatedly -- are righteous people, people gifted with a higher
morality than the ordinary run of human beings.



 But one sees little of that great-heartedness in the aftermath of tragedy.
Great-heartedness, after all, would include compassion for people suffering and
bereft -- and "preclude" ad hominem assaults on the vulnerable and helpless.



 Apparently, some of us are so estranged from their very humanity, so besotted
with their own righteousness, so deeply, damnably smug, self-centered, small and
mean, that there is nothing -- not the wail of orphan children, not the stink of
rotting flesh, not death tolls that stagger imagining -- they will not reduce to
cheap morality plays to further their cultural and political agendas. Tens of
thousands of people are dead in the poorest place in the western hemisphere and
the preacher asks: How can that be used to buttress my vision of a vengeful,
angry God? Relief is being rushed to the island as fast as humanly possible and
the bloviator wonders: how can that be used to belittle Barack Obama?



 Apparently, there's never a timeout, never a pause button, never a moment when
they remember to simply behave like human beings. A human being, faced with
calamity on this scale, says, Oh, my God. A human being says, Those poor people.
A human being says, What can I do to help?



 But the Limbaughs and Robertsons of the world say some variation of, God hates
you. Or, You had it coming. They call that conservative.



 I call it obscene.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            January 25, 2010 Monday

Pitts: (Absence of) a conscience of a conservative

BYLINE: Leonard Pitts

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 617 words


As babies were being pulled, crushed and broken, from the rubble.

As people lay writhing on cardboard mats, gashed and moaning under the sun.

As families placed their loved ones out at the curb for pick-up, like garbage.

As Haiti reeled and staggered and the rest of the world rushed to the aid of a
humble, beleaguered people, two icons of American conservatism reared up last
week and offered analyses of the earthquake that has devastated the impoverished
island nation. The Rev. Pat Robertson opined on his program, "The 700 Club,"
that Haiti's woes stem from the fact that it made a deal with the devil two
centuries ago and now is "cursed." Rush Limbaugh suggested the relief effort
would "play right into" President Obama's hands, allowing him to appear
"humanitarian, compassionate" and thus, "burnish" his standing within the
African-American community.

It left me wondering, just for the briefest of seconds, whether conservatism has
a conscience, whether conservatism has a soul.

Yes, you're right. It is a fundamentally unfair question, if only because
conservatives like columnist Kathleen Parker and TV personality Elisabeth
Hasselbeck of "The View" promptly took the men to task.

And yet, by the same token: this is hardly the first time this has happened. To
the contrary, it has become routine that after disasters both natural and human,
icons of conservatism spout hateful, hurtful, cynical words, words that belittle
the victims and trivialize the suffering.

As in Neal Boortz blaming the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina on the "worthless
parasites" who lived in New Orleans.

As in Michael Savage reportedly saying the United States should not send "one
nickel" of aid to South Asia when a tsunami killed 226,000 people because it is
"a hotbed of radical Islam."

As in Jerry Falwell blaming the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that took 3,000 lives
on gays, feminism, abortion and the ACLU.

And if it is unfair to question conservatism's possession of conscience and
soul, perhaps one can be forgiven for simply wondering what is this weird
reflex, this bizarre tic, that seems to repeatedly compel its most high-profile
adherents to victimize victims. Social conservatives -- we know this, because
they tell us repeatedly -- are righteous people, people gifted with a higher
morality than the ordinary run of human beings.

But one sees little of that great-heartedness in the aftermath of tragedy.
Great-heartedness, after all, would include compassion for people suffering and
bereft -- and "preclude" ad hominem assaults on the vulnerable and helpless.

Apparently, some of us are so estranged from their very humanity, so besotted
with their own righteousness, so deeply, damnably smug, self-centered, small and
mean, that there is nothing -- not the wail of orphan children, not the stink of
rotting flesh, not death tolls that stagger imagining -- they will not reduce to
cheap morality plays to further their cultural and political agendas. Tens of
thousands of people are dead in the poorest place in the western hemisphere and
the preacher asks: How can that be used to buttress my vision of a vengeful,
angry God? Relief is being rushed to the island as fast as humanly possible and
the bloviator wonders: how can that be used to belittle Barack Obama?

Apparently, there's never a timeout, never a pause button, never a moment when
they remember to simply behave like human beings. A human being, faced with
calamity on this scale, says, Oh, my God. A human being says, Those poor people.
A human being says, What can I do to help?

But the Limbaughs and Robertsons of the world say some variation of, God hates
you. Or, You had it coming. They call that conservative.

I call it obscene.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

<i>Sideswipe</i>

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 394 words


Graeme McDermott writes: "On TV One's Good Morning the rather annoying food lady
(Astar) was educating us about eating with fibre, considering the incidence of
bowel cancer in New Zealand. She proceeded to make a soup full of goodies like
onions, celery, mushrooms and then linked the brain and the stomach as part and
parcel of the eating experience. She then pronounced: ' ... After all, the
stomach is just a big suppository!'

Too big for my liking - I'll just take castor oil thanks."<br><br>* *
*<br><br>In Maine, Lewiston High School added a new twist to the prom. Officials
brought in a device supposedly able to detect alcohol in the air up to 2m away.
It's supposed to curb drinking at the dance, but mouthwash and perfume that
contains alcohol will also trigger a positive reading. Officials said those who
test positive would be pulled aside and given a second test . (Source:
reason.com)<br><br>* * *<br><br>Following yesterday's swipe at the ANZ, a reader
suggests if you are running a competition for worst customer service it would be
pretty hard to beat Xtra. "Eleven phone calls over two days at different times,
including twice hanging on for half an hour. Nothing except message saying they
were busy. An email sent first thing Tuesday got an immediate automated reply
saying they were too busy to reply for two days. Today (Thursday) still no
reply. And this is an internet service provider in the communications
business?"<br><br>* * *<br><br>Richard Gregory, from Wellington, writes: "What
jingoistic nonsense, suggesting Australia waits for New Zealand to act in East
Timor before it will take action. With Australia pouring in peacekeepers, such
fatuousness belittles your anonymous correspondent more than he/she tries to
belittle Australians. New Zealand is a small country doing what it can to help
Australia bring normality to East Timor - snide, wrong comments are both
pointless and damaging".<br><br>* * *<br><br>A flock of singing sheep have
recorded their own World Cup song, in a bid to cheer England on to victory. The
Baarmy Sheep, from Cumbria's Lake District, have released a version of English
classic Land of Hope and Glory to unite the country behind their team. Record
producer Charley Darbishire, from Bright Blue Studios in Ulverston, recorded the
sheep bleating and mixed it with the original song to create the single.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          December 18, 2004, Saturday

Belittled and large

BYLINE: James Jackson

SECTION: Features; The Eye 8

LENGTH: 359 words


A new film examines the troubled lives of Peter Cook and Dudley Moore

Some time around the turn of the 1960s, the young Peter Cook's wife admiringly
asked him, post-coitus: "Is there anything you're not good at?" The ironical
reply came: "Failure. And I don't intend to let my life be ruined by success,
however excessive." At least, according to Terry Johnson's brilliant drama Not
Only but Always he said it -artistic licence or not, it serves as a convenient
portent for the life of triumph, notoriety, depression and alcoholism that
followed.

With his sardonic eloquence, lightning-fast repartee and satirical
improvisation, Cook was widely recognised by those who met him as a comic
genius. And yet it was when paired with his long-suffering, club footed partner
Dudley Moore that his talents received the level of public attention they
deserved.

This love-hate comic marriage, underpinned by the spirit of surreal ad libbing,
is the film's focus. Cook routinely humiliated Moore, who was often left
flailing for a retort (Moore: "Why do you have to constantly belittle me?" Cook:
"Dudley, I don't think it's possible to belittle a club-footed dwarf whose only
talent is to play Chopsticks in the style of Debussy"); but the public adored
the diminutive pianist-comic. This became truly apparent when, having left Cook
for California, Moore was elevated to the Hollywood A-list, a quirk of fate that
Cook, in his drunken torpor, found hard to stomach.

The film covers much ground (from Beyond the Fringe to 10), framed by the
black-and-white figures of Pete'n' Dud passing comment as it unfolds. But any
narrative leaps or simplifications are rarely noticeable thanks to two magnetic
star turns. Rhys Ifans wholly captures the supercilious poise and nasal delivery
of Cook; Aidan McArdle is equally dead-on as cuddly Dudley.

What starts as a re-enactment full of sharp witticisms (which you'll want to
rewind and hear again and again) ends as a portrait of alcoholism. It's both
laugh-out-loud funny and depressing -the truly unmissable programme of the next
fortnight.

Not Only But Always, Thursday 30, Channel 4, 9pm


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              74 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            December 4, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

A tree by any other name ...

SECTION: IHERALD; Shannon's Plog; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 837 words


Welcome to another late-November Portland tradition. No, I'm not referring to
the Thanksgiving Day four-miler or the Black Friday assault on the shops. I'm
talking about the ''Christmas tree'' versus ''holiday tree'' controversy that
begins to snowball each year when a massive evergreen is hoisted onto Monument
Square.

This year the city of Portland has again deigned to call the tree a ''holiday
tree.'' According to Liz Darling, the city's marketing director, the city has
been calling the tree that for nearly two decades, but this year's debate smells
as fresh as the tree itself.

Personally, I'm not that particular about naming. I'm routinely laughed at for
requesting a ''pop'' instead of a soda and for excusing myself to the
''washroom'' instead of the restroom. And yes, I've been known to write ''Merry
X-mas'' on cards when I'm lacking the room for the longer ''Christmas.'' I, like
a heathen, have crossed out the ''Christ'' in ''Christmas'' (now that's a
December debate I haven't heard about in a while).

There are, however, a number of Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram
readers who are very particular about the names of things. Portland's holiday
tree barely had time to settle into its new Congress Street home before an
article in the paper prompted a barrage of online comments. MaineToday.com users
had much to say regarding the city's choice of ''holiday.''

The entire debate can be put to rest, I am sure, by a brief delineation of the
differences between a Christmas tree and a holiday tree. For starters, a
Christmas tree is a tree - usually an evergreen - that is adorned with lights
and ornaments. It is put in a place of prominence in the days nearing Christmas
(and occasionally lingers there well beyond the holiday's passing). Conversely,
a holiday tree is seen around Christmastime, often decorated with lights and ...
Oh, who am I kidding?

''Holiday'' may be more inclusive and polite, but I think we all know it's a
darn Christmas tree.

Right off the bat, fans of the ''Christmas tree'' phrasing were on the
defensive. Lynn posted a comment that was re-iterated by several MaineToday.com
users: ''I'm all for celebrating different cultures, but by calling it a holiday
tree, it's not really celebrating anyone's culture. It's a Christmas tree. If
the city constructed a menorah, would they call it a 'holiday candelabra'?''

A comment from Julianne was a bit more emphatic. She posted, ''It is outrageous
that, for the sake of political correctness, the city of Portland has chosen to
belittle Christians by morphing their traditions in order not to 'offend'
anyone.''

It's doubtful the city chose to ''belittle'' Christians - or anyone for that
matter. But in an era of ''you can't please anyone,'' the city's decision has
struck a chord.

Most notably, some posters believe replacing the word ''Christmas'' with
''holiday'' negates the purpose of the season. Stevie posted, ''Christmas is NOT
about political correctness, it is NOT about how Maine appears on the world
stage, it is NOT about making everyone FEEL GOOD, it's a Christian religious
holiday about the birth of Jesus the Christ.''

Other comments seem to disagree. Tim wrote, ''The tree in Monument Square is not
there to celebrate the birth of Christ. It's there to celebrate the season: the
giving, the buying, the partying, Bing Crosby, the mistletoe, etc.''

It appears the debate isn't so much over whether the tree is a Christmas tree -
most of the comments seem to agree to that. But what does ''Christmas'' really
mean? Now that's a touchy subject.

One online poster was so put off, she vowed to boycott the city. Margaret
commented that ''Not one penny of mine will be spent at any retailer, restaurant
or event in Portland this season. I have plenty of options, so I opt-out of
Portland.''

Still, there were comments from those who took the whole naming issue in stride
(and with a pinch of sarcasm). A poster by the name of Dave wrote, ''I think we
should call it a '25th-day-of-December Tree' because I'm offended by holidays.''

As you wish, Dave. In your living room, the ''25th-day-of-December Tree'' it
shall be.

As of the writing of this column, the city had not issued a mandate ordering
locals to refer to the tree as a holiday tree. Until such time, you still
reserve the right to call it whatever you want.

A comment from Julie said, ''How about if you wanted to call it a Christmas
Tree, call it a Christmas Tree. If you want to call it a Holiday Tree, call it a
Holiday Tree ... If you want to call it 'An Evergreen With Lights On It In
Monument Square', call it 'An Evergreen With Lights On It In Monument Square.'
''

Julie also reminded people what the Christmas - er, holiday - spirit was all
about: ''In the big picture, this really doesn't matter. The HOLIDAYS are about
family, friends, caring, sharing and JOY.''

During Portland's tree-lighting, Monument Square was teeming with families and
friends who seemed to get it. Unfortunately, there may always be people who just
can't see the forest for the tree.



LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shannon Bryan is an online assistant at MaineToday.com. She can be
contacted at: sbryan@mainetoday.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday

Can looks help win votes?;
Obsession with Palin's appearance called sexist by supporters who say it
belittles her candidacy

BYLINE: Ross Colvin, ; REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: WORLD AND COMMENT; Pg. AA02

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, the former beauty queen running to be America's
next vice-president, challenges the old saying: "Washington is Hollywood for
ugly people."

The Republican's looks have grabbed arguably even more attention than her
conservative political views. When he met her, Pakistan's new president, Asif
Ali Zardari, called Palin gorgeous, and readers of the men's magazine Maxim
voted her one of the planet's sexiest politicians.

Good-looking, cute, even "hot" - these are just some adjectives used to describe
John McCain's running mate, even as some commentators and party insiders
question her competence to serve as president-in-waiting and others call the
obsession with her appearance sexism.

McCain surprised many by picking Palin, a self-described moose-hunting "hockey
mom" largely unknown on the national political scene, as his No. 2 in late
August, but she proved hugely popular in the first few weeks following her
nomination and lifted the Republican campaign out of the doldrums.

"She indeed brought a fresh face into the Republican campaign and stole a lot of
Barack Obama's freshness for a critical couple of weeks. I'm sure it has not
hurt her that that fresh face is a pretty face," said pollster John Zogby.

The good looks of Obama, McCain's Democratic rival for the presidency, have also
garnered some media attention, but it has paled in comparison to the attention
given Palin's.

The skewed coverage has led to charges of sexism from Palin supporters and
others who say it belittles her candidacy.

It has also put the spotlight on this question: How much do looks help win
elections?

"Obviously Jack Kennedy trumped on the way he looked," Zogby said. "On the other
hand Lyndon Johnson, a gangly Texan, ran against a strikingly handsome Barry
Goldwater (and won). Jack Kennedy, Bill Clinton, the looks certainly worked for
them ... but looks alone are not going to carry the day for you."

Palin's appearance has made for some tricky campaigning.

McCain's campaign released an attack ad in September accusing the Democrats of
sexism after Obama's running mate, Senator Joe Biden, joked that one key
difference between himself and Palin was that she was good-looking.

Days earlier, however, delegates from Palin's home state of Alaska turned up at
the Republican convention proudly sporting badges announcing that they had the
"hottest" governor from the coldest state.

Palin referred to the attention her looks garner in an interview with Vogue
magazine, before her nomination.

"I wish they'd stick with the issues instead of discussing my black go-go boots.
A reporter once asked me about it ... and I assured him I was trying to be as
frumpy as I could by wearing my hair on top of my head and these schoolmarm
glasses," she said.

So, is the attention to her wardrobe and physical appearance legitimate?

"I think the discussion of her looks is a measure of the sexism left in our
society, that instead of focusing on her opinions there is so much discussion
(of her looks). If you go online and look at the number of hits on her when she
was a beauty queen, they are pretty dramatic," said Professor Barbara Risman,
head of sociology at University of Illinois at Chicago.

A search by Reuters found a 44-second video of Sarah Palin in a swimsuit in the
1984 Miss Alaska pageant had been viewed more than 700,000 times on the YouTube
website since being posted on Sept. 26.

San Francisco Chronicle editorial writer Caille Millner, who has accused the
McCain campaign of tokenism in its nomination of Palin, contends the talk of
Palin's appearance is appropriate.

"It is perfectly fair to bring this up - did McCain bring her on the ticket
because she is good-looking and has sex appeal and this is something his
campaign lacked?" she said.

In any case, the comments on Palin's appearance are nothing new.

"Since women started running in large numbers statewide or for the Senate, which
was in 1992, studies show that all print media spent much more time talking
about what a woman looked like and what she wore than they did about their male
counterparts," said Professor Karen O'Connor, director of the Women and Politics
Institute at American University in Washington.

O'Connor and some other commentators believe Palin is acutely aware of her
attractiveness and plays up to it.

"There is the 'babe factor.' It's almost as if she is cultivating that,"
O'Connor said.

But University of Illinois at Chicago's Risman says that could backfire if true.

"In professional settings women who exaggerate femininity are not taken as
seriously because ultra-femininity and power and prestige are seen as opposites
in our culture."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Jake Roth ap Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin laughs
as she takes the stage at a rally in Jacksonville, Fla., yesterday.
Preoccupation with the former beauty queen's appearance has made for some tricky
campaigning.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              76 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               THE LAWYERS WEEKLY

                            Friday, August 27, 1993

Please don't squeeze the Carmelite sisters
COLUMNS AND FEATURES
OFF THE RECORD

BYLINE: Jeffrey Miller

SECTION: Vol. 13, No. 15

LENGTH: 1035 words


How's this for historical revisionism? By selling Manhattan Island for the
equivalent of $24, the Manhattan Indians "may have made a better deal than the
buyers who got the island."

The history of that particular contract had already been controversial. As Off
the Record reported in 1987, modern scholars have found evidence that the
contract price was actually 60 Dutch guilders, not $24 worth of "beads, buttons,
and other trinkets."

The trinkets story seemed to belittle the Indian vendors while making the
European invaders out to be savvy traders. On the other hand, while the guilder
version makes the Indians seem a little more businesslike, it might belittle
them more than the trinkets version did.

"Trinkets," so-called, were valuable currency to North American Indians in 1626,
the year they sold Manhattan to Peter Minuit. They invested time and energy in
acquiring stones, shells and the like, in polishing them, trading them, and so
on. In their eyes, it might well have been the Dutchman's gold-glittering
guilders that seemed baubles.

What, after all, is a million dollars but a bunch of pulped trees? Currency is
only worth what people take its worth to be. Without imposed value, it's all
"trinkets."

That, I take it, is part of the point Wall Street maven Peter Lynch - he of the
current best-seller Beating the Street - makes in his 1989 One Up On Wall
Street.

Mr. Lynch subscribes to the trinkets theory, but, rescuing aboriginal reputation
once and for all, he calculates that, had the Manhattans cashed the trinkets in
and invested the $24 at eight per cent, they "would have built up a net worth
just short of $30 trillion" by the time he wrote his One Up.

Insofar as the assessed value of the Borough of Manhattan was only $28.1 million
in 1988, the Manhattans would have been ahead $29.7 trillion - almost as rich as
Ross Perot.

Even at six per cent, "they would have made $34.7 billion by now [1988] without
having to maintain any property or mow Central Park."

My own calculations, assisted by Microsoft's Excel computer software, puts the
1993 value of the $24 at 554.2 trillion, with interest compounded at eight per
cent, and at 775 billion, at six per cent (given what's happened to interest
rates lately) - almost as much as the national debt.

In addition to being my guest historian this week, Mr. Lynch was also, you see,
my summer vacation.

As I didn't go away this summer to any theme parks or natural wonders, I decided
to do the literary equivalent - to look at the world, as a high-finance naif,
through the eyes of a high-finance maven.

For a person of my limited financial experience, there were definitely thrills
and chills. In Lynchland, I found, you really do take what is a Ferris wheel
view of life, looking at everything upside-down until your head hurts.

Even disasters - especially disasters - are a delicious way to make a profit.
The meltdown at the Three Mile Island nuclear plant, Mr. Lynch writes, "was a
minor tragedy perceived to be worse than it was, and in minor tragedy there's
major opportunity. I made a lot of money in General Public Utilities, the owner
of Three Mile Island" - by buying shares in the utility while it was knee-deep
in plutonium.

I hasten to say that reading this did not make me any sicker than the roller
coaster at the CNE would have done. It is really nothing more than a restatement
- like all of One Up On Wall Street - of the old saw, "Buy low, sell high."

And of course in Lynchland we do "try to stay away from tragedies where the
outcome is unmeasurable, such as the Bhopal disaster at the Union Carbide plant
in India." No doubt there are a lot of Bhopalites who would have liked to have
stayed away, too.

In admiring the Peter Minuit-style savvy of Procter and Gamble, Mr. Lynch can't
help inferring a little sharp practice. P & G cagily got consumers to pay the
same price for 30 per cent less toilet paper, he says, by slowly reducing the
number of sheets while making the sheets fluffier and promoting the enhanced
squeezability of the fluffed-up rolls.

"This was the cleverest maneuver," Mr. Lynch observes, "in the annals of short
sheeting." Please don't squeeze the Charmin!

Or the Carmelites. For it turns out that these many years later the public has
got its own back through an order of nuns which owns shares in P & G.

Early this month, the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament of Bensalem, Pa.,
convinced P & G to "divulge criteria it uses to set salaries and other
compensation for executives." The nuns hold a total of 100 shares in this huge
multinational, worth (at this writing) about $5,000 U.S. or 12,800 rolls of
toilet paper. Yet P & G caved in without even putting the resolution to a
shareholders' vote.

For two years the nuns have hoped to discover whether ethical considerations
play any part in executives' pay packets. Perhaps I should have taken the good
sisters along to Lynchland, the naively blind leading the naively kind.

Lynchland's overall view of the corporate world is in fact much like
Disneyland's overall view of alligators and dragons - scary up close and
personal, but amusing (and profitable) from a safe, hands-off, plasticized
distance.

"I'd rather invest in panty hose," Mr. Lynch remarks, "than in communications
satellites...The simpler it is the better I like it. When somebody says, 'Any
idiot could run this joint,' that's a plus as far as I'm concerned, because
sooner or later any idiot probably is going to be running it."

He has made a lot of money on Mickey Mouse stock, by the way. And though he is
ambivalent about stock dividends, he notes that "companies that don't pay
dividends have a sorry history of blowing the money on a string of stupid
diworseifications." This has made him a proponent of the "bladder theory of
corporate finance: The more cash that builds up in the treasury, the greater the
pressure to piss it away."

So look for stocks in companies which pay dividends or dribble profits back into
business they already know.

And remember to open your umbrella when the Lynchland paddle-wheeler passes
under the bridge in Never Never A Dividend Land!

Ooh! Sca-a-a-ary!

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright © 1993 LexisNexis Canada Inc.


                              77 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           October 17, 1996, Thursday

Watt whacks writ on coach

LENGTH: 391 words


FORMER Olympic champion Kathy Watt is suing cycling coach Charlie Walsh,
claiming he tried to "disgrace, discredit and belittle" her.

The legal action comes ahead of Walsh's expected appointment as the nation's
head cycling coach.

Walsh was served a writ on Tuesday and left yesterday in the advance party of an
Australian team for the Open des Nations track event this weekend in Paris.

The writ was lodged in the Victorian Supreme Court and alleged Walsh had engaged
in a deliberate campaign which had severely and permanently injured Watt's
reputation.

It focused on two radio interviews and an address to the Adelaide Press Club by
Walsh on August 13-14 this year, as well as the release of a report from former
Australian cycling coach Jenny Albrecht.

"The publications contained personal attacks of a vindictive, demeaning and
insulting nature . . . [and] formed part of a campaign by the defendant to
disgrace, discredit and belittle the plaintiff in the minds of the Australian
public," it said.

"The publications contained words and phrases and allegations of such an
extravagant and inflammatory nature so as to attract the widest and most
prominent publicity." Watt, who won a gold medal at the 1992 Olympics, is
seeking aggravated and/or exemplary damages as well as special damages.

The 10-page document highlighted how Walsh's alleged comments had hurt Watt
personally and in her sporting career.

It alleged she had been held up to public ridicule and contempt, and that she
lost product endorsements and the opportunity to obtain further sponsors because
of the comments.

The document said Walsh called her a cheat and said her court challenge to
secure the ride in the 3000m individual pursuit at this year's Atlanta Olympics
cost the Australian track team medals.

Watt finished eighth in the pursuit after winning a court appeal on the day of
the opening ceremony to take the ride away from Lucy Tyler-Sharman.

Walsh was also accused of making public Albrecht's report, which was highly
critical of the rider.

"The Albrecht report . . . was meant and understood to mean . . .

that the plaintiff was totally unethical," the writ said.

The Australian Sports Commission was expected to give final approval yesterday
to Walsh taking the new national coaching job, with an announcement likely
tomorrow.

AAP

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              78 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Kickin' it with Kiz Kids, dump your piggy banks for this one

BYLINE: Mark Kiszla

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. CC-02

LENGTH: 682 words


Buyout time. "Kiz, you think we can get enough Broncomaniacs together to buy out
Josh McDaniels' contract so we can get ourselves a half-decent coach next
season? I am willing to donate my Christmas money. By the way, do you have the
phone numbers of Bill Cowher and Jon Gruden to pass along to franchise owner Pat
Bowlen?"

Austin, Broomfield

Kiz: On it. But perhaps I should forward those phone numbers to Joe Ellis, the
team's chief operating officer. If Bowlen becomes any more invisible during
these times of crisis at Dove Valley, he's going to need the Queen of England to
teach him a parade wave.

Mr. T not ready. "I have a beef. McDaniels can't figure out Tim Tebow is a
better fit for this Broncos offense without a running game. A playmaking,
scrambling quarterback is the only answer for our inability to score. Why not
use Tebow?"

Billy, Tebow Party voter

Kiz: At this point, the No. 1 reason for starting Tebow would be as a desperate
ploy to move $375 club seats for home games in November. He's not ready to be an
NFL quarterback. Benching Kyle Orton would ensure more losses for McDaniels and
louder cries for the coach to be fired. Think about it: Why would McD do that?

Beverly Hillbillies, Part 2? "With the Raiders getting close to greatness, Los
Angeles radio shows are saying that, barring an NFL lockout, the Raiders could
very well be in L.A. in 2011."

Sal, Arcadia, Calif.

Kiz: Only a Raiders fan would consider a 4-4 record as anything approaching
greatness. Stay in Oakland. In La-La Land, the Raiders would be just another
Grade B movie.

Lack of culture. "It would really help the Colorado football program if we
realize there's not a football culture at the school. A football culture starts
at the top, with the school president and board of regents. It is extremely
difficult to recruit top athletes if the school has one arm tied behind its
back. At Oklahoma, there not only is a football culture, the sport is darn near
a religion."

Tom, Golden

Kiz: As close to religion as CU football gets now are die-hard boosters praying
the Buffs can find some way to beat (mighty?) Iowa State.

Let's go, NASA. "The 1876 charter of the University of Colorado makes no
reference to a football program, only providing a quality education. You
advocate the demeaning of a CU degree by lowering the academic standards for the
sole purpose to win football games. By the way, CU has more graduates who became
astronauts than the rest of the Pac-12 Conference combined."

H.G., Denver

Kiz: In that original charter, did it make any mention of educating astronauts?
All I'm trying to say is: In 1876, Coloradans hunted buffaloes for lunch. Things
change.

Not just blowing smoke. "My son and I talk about drugs in sports, including the
steroid problem in baseball. I don't need you to start discussing San Francisco
pitcher Tim Lincecum's supposed habits when we know you are just trying to be
cute. Kids are gravitating to Lincecum as a hero of the national pastime, and
then we see writers like you put together these words: 'The only drug Lincecum
might have a hankering for is marijuana.' Bottom line is, this pitching ace has
done a lot for the game, and you want to belittle him."

Jason, Montreal

Kiz: Don't tell the kids, but Lincecum was arrested on a charge of misdemeanor
marijuana possession 12 months before he won the World Series. Belittle him? As
that great American philosopher Jeff Spicoli so aptly put it in "Fast Times at
Ridgemont High": "All I need are some tasty waves, a cool buzz and I'm fine."

----------------------------------------

Time for steak in the other "Big D"

And today's parting shot is an invitation to a big steak dinner in Big D.

"Hey Kiz-la-Dude, I have always been amused at the columns you write after (or
during) a night of drinking. But your story from the World Series concerning the
depressed state of sports in Dallas regarding the Rangers and Cowboys seemed
different. It was almost as if you were ... sober. Next time you are in town,
dinner is on me. But you will have to pay for your own drinks, because my Amex
card could not cover your tab."

Noel, Dallas

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 628 words


Why couldn't Robertson and Limbaugh just be quiet?

As babies were being pulled, crushed and broken, from the rubble.

As people lay writhing on cardboard mats, gashed and moaning under the sun.

As families placed their loved ones out at the curb for pick-up, like garbage.

As Haiti reeled and staggered and the rest of the world rushed to the aid of a
humble, beleaguered people, two icons of American conservatism reared up last
week and offered analyses of the earthquake that has devastated the impoverished
island nation. The Rev. Pat Robertson opined on his program,  "The 700 Club,"
that Haiti's woes stem from the fact that it made a deal with the devil two
centuries ago and now is  "cursed."

Rush Limbaugh suggested the relief effort would  "play right into" President
Obama's hands, allowing him to appear  "humanitarian, compassionate" and thus,
"burnish" his standing within the African-American community.

It left me wondering, just for the briefest of seconds, whether conservatism has
a conscience, whether conservatism has a soul.

Yes, you're right. It is a fundamentally unfair question, if only because
conservatives like columnist Kathleen Parker and TV personality Elisabeth
Hasselbeck of  "The View" promptly took the men to task.

And yet, by the same token: this is hardly the first time this has happened. To
the contrary, it has become routine that after disasters both natural and human,
icons of conservatism spout hateful, hurtful, cynical words, words that belittle
the victims and trivialize the suffering.

As in Neal Boortz blaming the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina on the  "worthless
parasites" who lived in New Orleans.

As in Michael Savage reportedly saying the United States should not send  "one
nickel" of aid to South Asia when a tsunami killed 226,000 people because it is
"a hotbed of radical Islam."

As in Jerry Falwell blaming the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that took 3,000 lives
on gays, feminism, abortion and the ACLU.

And if it is unfair to question conservatism's possession of conscience and
soul, perhaps one can be forgiven for simply wondering what is this weird
reflex, this bizarre tic, that seems to repeatedly compel its most high-profile
adherents to victimize victims. Social conservatives - we know this, because
they tell us repeatedly - are righteous people, people gifted with a higher
morality than the ordinary run of human beings.

But one sees little of that great-heartedness in the aftermath of tragedy.
Great-heartedness, after all, would include compassion for people suffering and
bereft - and  "preclude" ad hominem assaults on the vulnerable and helpless.

Apparently, some of us are so estranged from their very humanity, so besotted
with their own righteousness, so deeply, damnably smug, self-centered, small and
mean, that there is nothing - not the wail of orphan children, not the stink of
rotting flesh, not death tolls that stagger imagining - they will not reduce to
cheap morality plays to further their cultural and political agendas. Tens of
thousands of people are dead in the poorest place in the western hemisphere and
the preacher asks: How can that be used to buttress my vision of a vengeful,
angry God? Relief is being rushed to the island as fast as humanly possible and
the bloviator wonders: how can that be used to belittle Barack Obama?

Apparently, there's never a timeout, never a pause button, never a moment when
they remember to simply behave like human beings. A human being, faced with
calamity on this scale, says, Oh, my God. A human being says, Those poor people.
A human being says, What can I do to help?

But the Limbaughs and Robertsons of the world say some variation of, God hates
you. Or, You had it coming. They call that conservative.

I call it obscene.

lpitts@miamiherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Outrage and despair: Those tempted to belittle Miami Cubans' reaction to
Saturday's raid should remember that many reasonable people feel betrayed

BYLINE: ROBERT STEINBACK

SECTION: Editorial / Op-ed; B3

LENGTH: 795 words


The Saturday wake-up call came from my sister in New York. ''You need to turn on
your television,'' she told me.

There, before all the world, Miami was in crisis.

The confrontation nobody wanted - yet nobody prevented - had occurred in the
pre-dawn darkness. Elian Gonzalez, swiftly extracted from his Little Havana home
by armed federal agents, was on his way to Washington.

By the time most of us heard the news, it was all over but the anguish.

The three-minute raid by U.S. Immigration and Naturalization agents, strictly in
terms of strategy, was brilliant. The plan, the timing, the preparation and the
execution were flawless.

But it's a public- relations disaster. The targets, after all, weren't
terrorists, hijackers, felons or fugitives. They were a family - excessive in
their zeal to protect the 6-year-old shipwreck survivor, perhaps, but hardly a
threat to the public safety or even Elian himself.

Set aside, for a moment, your feelings about the issue and the people involved:
any display of armed government force exercised against civilians is frightening
- terrifying.

Who can't understand the Cuban community's despair? Their catch phrase will be
''Elian. '' For others, it might be ''Kent State,'' ''Waco,'' ''Rodney King,''
or ''Amadou Diallo.''

Those tempted to belittle Saturday's reaction by the Cuban community would do
well to remember that.

That said, one point distinguishes this instance of government force from
others: the feds had warned, over and over again, that they had the right and
the inclination to seize Elian and, at some point, would do so.

The debate will rage for months, maybe years. Should Attorney-General Janet Reno
have acted when she did? Were negotiations with the family at an impasse, or
not? Was it right to move at night after saying she wouldn't? Was it an outrage
to strike during the Easter weekend?

But the United States's chief law-enforcement officer had made it abundantly
clear that her patience was limited.

It was Delfin Gonzalez, one of Elian's great-uncles in Miami, who only Thursday
said, ''They are determined to return the boy to Cuba, and we're determined not
to turn him in.''

In the final assessment, the Miami branch of the Gonzalez family will have to
bear some responsibility for forcing the government's hand. Reno acted nine days
after the family's legal custody of Elian had expired. The 11th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals questioned aspects of INS authority in the opinion it issued
Wednesday - but it didn't challenge the agency's power to determine who should
have custody of Elian while his legal proceedings continue.

It bears reminding what didn't happen Saturday: Elian was not handed over to
Fidel Castro. He was not denied his day in court: the 11th Circuit will hear
oral arguments May 11 on the question of whether he deserves a political-asylum
hearing. The boy will stay in this country until his case is decided.

These are the very things the Gonzalez family has said they wanted. Materially,
all that changed Saturday was Elian's designated custodian.

Still, the raid was a stunning blow to the pride of Cuban Americans. So many had
invested so much emotional capital in ''defending'' Elian, only to see him
snatched from their protective embrace in scarcely 180 seconds. Among the most
fervent exiles, Elian's legend had elevated him almost to the status of minor
deity.

Many very reasonable Cuban Americans feel betrayed by Reno and President Bill
Clinton - and by non-Cuban Americans whose feeling that Elian belongs with his
father outweighed fears about his potential future in Cuba.

It was the injured pride and the perceived betrayal that sent so many Cubans
into Miami's streets Saturday.

I understood - yet felt strangely detached as well.

I've spent countless hours of my life examining, then trying to explain to
others, the emotional mechanism that has driven some black people into the
streets to vent outrage, despair and helplessness.

I've given voice to the terrible sinking feeling I've had while witnessing black
hotheads throw rocks and bottles at police, burn trash bins, disrupt traffic and
clash with police. I've fended off countless unfair, unkind and undignified
comments by people who would cruelly judge all black people on the basis of
those images, which were attributable to a tiny fraction of the community.

Then Saturday, I watched as members of another ethnic community set fires,
blocked traffic and threw things at police. I know how cruelly some people will
judge the entire Cuban community on the basis of the actions of a few.

This time, I was on the other side as another community tried to make me know
its outrage, despair and helplessness.

I know. Believe me, I know.


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: L.M. OTERO, AP / Protester cowers in front of Miami Dade
police officers in the West-chester section of Miami early yesterday.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                October 19, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Will they see the light before it is too late?

BYLINE: Deborah Coleman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 364 words


F the Donald Trump story were a TV sitcom, the writers would be lauded for
creating such an unbelievable character.

ISuch is the arrogance and downright despicable behaviour of this man, that
surely no sane person would ever consider him for highest political office in
one of the most powerful countries in the world.

His campaign is not yet over, and countless things have come to light that would
require the resignation of any sitting politician. Had any Irish TD or British
MP been recorded boasting about sexual abuse of women or making the lewd
comments as per Trump, they would be in the dole queue in a matter of hours.

How can the American public tolerate such boorish and frankly insulting
behaviour from a person seeking to become their President? A man who is openly
racist and who wants to deny human rights to minority cultures, who supports the
gun culture and who belittles women cannot lead the USA, and is not fit to lead
any country in fact.

Those recordings would be bad if they came from a group of drunken
twenty-something louts, but to come from a US presidential election candidate is
completely unacceptable.

If this is how Trump conducts himself before the election, it doesn't bear
thinking about what he might be like as President. The complete lack of
political experience should also be a red flag for supporters. How could he be
trusted to make the right decisions and to run the country properly for all its
citizens, and not just those who hold the same dangerous views.

It appears to me that Trump only wants to become President to tick a box, to
feed his ego and to show that money talks. Hillary Clinton is no angel I'm sure,
but surely anybody can see she is infinitely more qualified for the job, more
dignified and more level-headed.

It appals me that somebody who is caught on tape boasting about sexual
harassment, saying that he will be dating a young girl in ten years, is not
ashamed enough to step aside.

There was a line, and Trump has crossed it so many times, without any
repercussions. He is still in the game and an awful lot of people, however
misguided, are planning to give him their vote.

I just hope they see the light before it is too late.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man who is openly racist and who wants to deny human rights to
minority cultures, who supports the gun culture and who belittles women is not
fit to lead the USA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 6, 2005 Thursday

FORDHAM FROSH STEPS UP BIG TIME

BYLINE: MIKE FORDE

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 417 words


Fordham power forward Bryant Dunston dropped in 24 points against Fairfield back
on Dec. 11. That was a pretty good game.

He grabbed 16 rebounds against Charleston Southern just last week. Not too
shabby at all.

And five times this season, he notched four blocks in a game. He has 31 blocks
in total. So which was his best performance?

"That's a tough one," Dunston said, stroking his chin. "I'm trying to think of a
game where I had all three: points, rebounds and blocks."

Then he said the words that should make the Fordham alumni shrill with delight.

"I haven't had my best game yet," he said. That desire is what makes Dunston the
present and future of the Rams.

Fordham's lack of size - not to mention Dunston's abundance of talent - forced
the 6-8 freshman out of St. John's Prep into the starting lineup. He's made the
most of his minutes. Dunston leads Fordham in points (14.5 ppg), rebounds (7.5)
and blocks.

"The rebounding and the shot blocks, I did expect," said Fordham coach Dereck
Whittenburg before last night's game against St. Joseph's at Rose Hill. "The
scoring, I thought that would come down the road. He's got that desire. He's not
satisfied. The really great ones have that. He's capable of doing all those
things."

Dunston, who has started all 11 games this season, came to Fordham because of
its academics and proximity to his Lefrak City, Queens, home.

He's going to stay because his belief in the future. When Dunston chose Fordham,
the Rams were in the

midst of a dreadful 6-22 campaign. There was still plenty of debris from the Bob
Hill regime.

And it wasn't as if Dunston didn't have other suitors. Iona, St. Peter's and,
for a while, Providence all vied for his services. But the Atlantic 10 label and
something in his gut drew him to The Bronx.

"I could see in Coach Whit's face that he's gonna bring it back up," Dunston
said.

*

Fordham announced yesterday that tri-captain Derrick Breland has left the men's
basketball team. Breland was averaging 1.4 ppg and 0.9 rpg in eight games this
year.

"Here's a young man who wanted to be with his family," said Whittenburg. "He was
doing well in school, he wanted to concentrate on his academics. He wrote me a
nice letter, thanking for the opportunity.We hugged."

When asked if Breland, who has a one-year old son, left because of lack of
playing time, Whittenburg said

absolutely not.

"No. Saying that would belittle me and it would belittle him," Whittenburg said.
"Basketball just isn't the most important thing in his life right now."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 9, 1998, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

WIFE OF 50 YEARS BELITTLES MAN ALONE AND IN FRONT OF OTHER PEOPLE

BYLINE: Ann Landers

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. E2, ANN LANDERS COLUMN

LENGTH: 631 words


Dear Ann Landers: I am in my late 70s, and my wife is a few years younger. She
is neat about herself, keeps the house clean, keeps my shirts washed and ironed,
and is a great cook. So, what's the problem? Why, at my age, am I writing to Ann
Landers? Here is my dilemma:

Whenever I try to tell a story, my wife interrupts me and proceeds to give her
version, leaving me dangling in mid-sentence. When I try to continue, I do so at
the risk of starting an argument, which embarrasses everybody. This happens
whether we are dining with friends or at home, just the two of us.

Our children rarely visit anymore and have privately told me it is because they
cannot bear to hear their mother belittle me. I'm sure it doesn't help that she
also tells them what they should eat and how much.

We have been married for over 50 years. My wife normally has a few martinis
before dinner and then wine with her meal. I have no illusions about her
changing her ways, but I hope you might have a suggestion or two to help me cope
with the situation. No name or city, please.

DIMINISHED IN CALIFORNIA

You have been married to this woman for more than 50 years, so by now, you
should know she is strong-willed and domineering, and as you said, she is not
going to change.

You can, however, refuse to let her horn in when you are talking. Simply say,
"Please let me tell it my way, and if you want to give your version later,
fine," and keep on talking. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT relinquish the floor. Keep
on talking. (P.S. The martinis and wine don't help the situation. How about
shortening the "cocktail" time? I suspect part of her excessive gabbiness is due
to the fact that she is half shnockered.)

Dear Ann Landers: I just read the second letter from "Norman in Sunrise, Fla."
You had printed his "how-we-met" story, which told how he first met his wife,
Rose, at a party. When he asked for her phone number, she told him only that her
name was Cohen and she lived in Brooklyn. He discovered there were three pages
of Cohens in the Brooklyn phone book and made 40 calls a night until he found
her.

Norman and Rose had just celebrated their 64th wedding anniversary, and he
wanted to surprise her by having their story printed in your column. When I read
that story, I thought it was so romantic, I sent copies to all my friends along
with their anniversary cards.

Norman wrote to you again a few months ago. He told you how, just before his
letter appeared in your column, Rose broke her hip and was living in a nursing
home. When she saw the newspaper with their how-we-met story, she was so
thrilled, she showed it to all her visitors. When she passed away, she was
holding that column in her hands.

I want Norman to know how touched I was by this letter. I now plan to send
copies of both letters to my friends who have been married a long time. His
story was an inspiration to me, and I am sure it will be to others.

SUSAN IN TARZANA

How good of you to let me know that you took Norman in Sunrise, Fla., into your
heart, as I'm sure many others did. He will be thrilled when he sees your
letter. Thank you, dear Susan, from both of us.

Gem of the Day (Credit race car driver Steve Frieson): I feel safer when I am
racing at 200 miles an hour than I do on the highway these days. Nobody is
making a phone call, putting on make-up, eating lunch or reading a newspaper.

Drugs are everywhere. They're easy to get, easy to use and even easier to get
hooked on. If you have questions about drugs, you need Ann Landers' booklet,
"The Lowdown on Dope." Send a self-addressed, long, business-size envelope and a
check or money order for $ 3.75 (this includes postage and handling) to:
Lowdown, in c/o Ann Landers, P.O. Box 11562, Chicago, Ill. 60611-0562.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              84 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

South Carolina debate: Can 'janitor' comments spark Newt Gingrich comeback?;
The South Carolina debate Monday included a standing ovation for Newt Gingrich
when he took on moderator Juan Williams over race. Outside the confines of a
conservative audience, however, Gingrich's comments could be more controversial.

BYLINE: Linda Feldmann Staff writer

LENGTH: 594 words


Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was aglow Tuesday after a racially charged
exchange won him a standing ovation - and perhaps a new lease on his fading
presidential hopes - at Monday's GOP debate.

"We've done 15 debates and never seen anything like it," Mr. Gingrich said on
Fox News Tuesday morning. "I frankly was very pleased, but also more than
surprised. I think everybody was surprised by it."

The night before, Gingrich had gone toe-to-toe, rhetorically, with liberal Fox
debate moderator Juan Williams over the former speaker's calls for black
Americans to demand jobs, not food stamps, and for poor children to learn the
value of work by performing janitorial duties in their schools.

"Can't you see that this is viewed at a minimum as insulting to all Americans,
but particularly to black Americans?" Mr. Williams, who is African American,
asked Gingrich.

"No, I don't see that," the former speaker shot back icily. The house erupted,
as audience members stood.

Gingrich's own daughter, he said, had earned money doing janitorial work when
she was 13.

"You could take one janitor and hire 30-some kids to work in the school for the
price of one janitor, and those 30 kids would be a lot less likely to drop out,"
Gingrich said. "They would actually have money in their pocket. They'd learn to
show up for work."

"Only the elites despise earning money," he asserted.

Williams fought back. He said people of all races have been asking if Gingrich's
comments are "intended to belittle the poor and racial minorities."

"You saw some of this during your visit to a black church in South Carolina,
where a woman asked you why you refer to President Obama as the food-stamp
president," Williams said. "It sounds as if you're seeking to belittle people."

Gingrich replied by saying that Mr. Obama has put more people on food stamps
than any president in American history. "Now, I know among the politically
correct you're not supposed to use facts that are uncomfortable," he said.

Some people see Gingrich's regular references to Obama as the "food stamp
president" as racially tinged, given that the president is African American and
minorities receive food stamps disproportionately to the population as a whole.

"So here's my point," Gingrich finished. "I believe every American of every
background has been endowed by their creator with the right to pursue happiness.
And if that makes liberals unhappy, I'm going to continue to find ways to help
poor people learn how to get a job, learn how to get a better job, and learn
someday to own the job."

Gingrich won the moment. But how the exchange plays out in the long run -
especially for the Republican Party - remains an open question. The GOP has been
walking on egg shells over race for decades.

African Americans vote Democratic by an overwhelming margin, and even if making
inroads into the black vote isn't on the GOP radar for November, Republicans
know that fostering an image of racial tolerance among independent suburban
voters is important to their hopes of retaking the White House.

Jon Ward, a reporter for Huffington Post who attended the Myrtle Beach, S.C.,
debate, summarized the Gingrich-Williams exchange:

"It was a moment that will likely be dissected, debated, and discussed for some
time: a black journalist being booed by an overwhelmingly white audience in a
deep South state on Martin Luther King Day, as a white candidate for president
talked about the work ethic in low-income, majority black neighborhoods. It's
hard to imagine a more charged few minutes in public life in recent memory."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Controlled democracy

BYLINE: Larry Deters, The Leader-Post

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: Regina


The West not only boasts about being a democracy, but belittles communism. The
rise of Bernie Sanders for the Democrats once again demonstrates what a fallacy
this is.

In 1972, when the Democrat establishment saw senator George McGovern - anti-war
and a strong critic of corporate greed - get nominated for president, the party
establishment stepped away from all-out support so Republican Richard Nixon
would win. They then rigged the nomination process so that in the future any
such "undesirables" could be blocked from getting the nomination - meaning
anyone who did not support the powerful corporate elite and unbridled
capitalism.

Even though Sanders defeated the Wall Street candidate Hillary Clinton by more
than 20 per cent in the New Hampshire primary, the super delegate system, used
to rig the Democratic nomination, has already given her enough delegates to
match Sanders.

In essence then, the two party system in the U.S. says anybody can run for
office as long as they support unbridled capitalism and a war-based economy.
This is the same society that points fingers at communist countries because they
have a system where anyone can run for office, as long as they are communist.

A prominent social philosopher, in the days of the Cold War, said: "If Martians
visited the earth they would not remark upon the difference between the West and
the East, but the similarities." Not much has changed

Larry Deters

Regina !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday

Rushville elementary eliminates music for P.E.

BYLINE: Cody Bozarth, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Oct. 24--Daily physical education rules are causing some grade schools and high
schools in Illinois to look elsewhere for the time to meet the requirements.

Rushville elementary schools eliminated music classes this school year because
of the change.

Music isn't completely out of the schools. Teachers still use music in class
rather than students visiting a separate music instructor.

This change has many parents of Washington, Webster and Industry school students
voicing concerns with the removal of a designated music class and instructor.

Jennifer Prather, a parent of a Webster Elementary second-grader, has been
voicing dissent over this decision since August.

"To cut the program out completely, without discussion with the community, is
unbelievable," Prather said Friday. "There are all kinds of parents that are
upset."

Prather was especially upset by the idea that elementary teachers are expected
to become music teachers.

"I think that belittles our teachers to some extent," Prather said. "It
belittles music teachers."

Superintendent Matt Plater said this curriculum change was probably the only
option available because of the new requirements. Adding the physical education
classes created too much preparation time for teachers and too little time to
teach, he said.

"We didn't have any choice to do something else," Plater said.

Prather said a better option would have been to cut art or computer class or to
simply keep music in the rotation.

"I don't believe eliminating music from the school is a viable option," Prather
said.

She also cast criticism on a recent decision by the superintendent to have
teachers implement 15-minute music sections twice a week.

"Music isn't just about singing," Prather said.

Plater said these music sessions will be just as beneficial. He mentioned how
children learn their ABCs through song and said this learning tool is still
useful.

"We're always teaching music and singing songs, whether it's called music class
or not," Plater said.

Teachers could have been tasked with teaching physical education rather than
music, but Plater said it's makes the program easier to defend as fulfilling its
physical requirement. It also addresses concerns that teachers would rather not
teach physical education.

This was the prime reason why a new physical education instructor was hired,
rather than a new music teacher, Plater said.

"If we have teachers do those things we have a lot of hoops to jump through to
justify it's not just recess," Plater said. "P.E. can't just be free play. There
has to be education going on."

To see more of Jacksonville Journal-Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.myjournalcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Jacksonville
Journal-Courier, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091024-JJ-Rushville-elementary-eliminates-music-for-P-E-1024

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2009 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              87 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Name It; Clients Are Called It

BYLINE: By JULIE CRESWELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 720 words


Are you a Muppet or a Clancy? A Bobblehead or a Clampett?

You may be, even if you do not know it. All of these are less-than-flattering
code names that companies in a variety of industries have used to describe some
of their customers or clients.

The topic of name-calling on Wall Street landed on the front burner Wednesday
after an executive director from Goldman Sachs, on his last day at the company,
wrote an Op-Ed column in The New York Times in which he said that the investment
bank often derided its customers as ''Muppets.''

Goldman's top executives said in a message to the company's employees that the
firm had a ''client-driven'' culture. Still, if some folks inside Goldman's
walls came up with uncomplimentary terms to refer to its own customers, they are
hardly alone. Many industries and companies have their own secret codes or
language to tag others behind closed doors.

Advertising executives call people ''Bobbleheads'' if they approve of everything
a boss says or does. In New York political circles, a ''Checkbook'' is the
wealthy client of a consultant who wants to run for office or start an issue
campaign but whose only qualification or redeeming value is being rich.

Flight attendants are known to call the infrequent leisure traveler a
''Clampett,'' for the fictional family in the 1960s TV sitcom ''The Beverly
Hillbillies.'' Some elite frequent fliers with extremely high expectations get
the special designation of ''platinum trash,'' according to people in the
industry.

Some nicknames can obviously be harmless or even be viewed as a term of
endearment, the way a parent would call a child a ''rug rat.'' When military
contractors call their customers ''warfighters,'' there is pride associated with
that term.

But nicknames in other contexts can have a much darker meaning, said Lindsay
Thompson, an associate professor at the Johns Hopkins Carey Business School who
studies the role of character and human values in business, society and
corporate culture.

''You could interpret an ugly side to this,'' Ms. Thompson said. ''Why would you
call anybody a Muppet unless it was to belittle them?''

She added: ''We all have this impression of Goldman Sachs and the financial
industry - that they're a little bit arrogant, look down on people, do things
with money and we don't understand what they're doing.''

So, she said, ''anything that characterizes from their perspective or from their
voice that belittles other people or categories of other people is going to
confirm that impression in some people's minds.''

It certainly appeared that Stratfor, an intelligence firm based in Texas, was
poking fun at its own clients when WikiLeaks released an internal glossary from
the company this year that defined a ''Clancy'' as ''somebody who has read a lot
of Tom Clancy novels and thinks he knows the craft. Total moron.''

George Friedman, the chief executive of Stratfor, said in an e-mailed statement
that the glossary was a ''joke'' written by its staff in 2005 as a spoof of
intelligence terms. ''It was never used to mock our own customers or to train
any of our staff,'' Mr. Friedman said. ''It was intended as light-hearted fun
directed at ourselves and the profession.''

Some railroad employees call train enthusiasts who ride the rails ''foamers,''
as in they foam at the mouth, going on and on about old trains.

But it is hard to top Wall Street for dark humor. In an e-mail, a former Wall
Street stock broker, who is now independent and did not want to be identified,
said clients were often described as ''pikers'' (small fish), ''marks'' (easy
prey) or ''pawns'' (will do anything asked no matter how ridiculous).

In the credit card industry, ''deadbeats'' are not customers who fail to pay
their bills - they are customers who pay off their credit cards each month, thus
depriving the banks and credit card companies of the hefty interest charges.

A ''Third Avenue guy'' is someone on Wall Street who is not smart enough to work
for a company with offices in a more upscale neighborhood, while a ''duffel
bag'' is a person on Wall Street who is never going to move beyond carrying
someone else's bag.

Reporting was contributed by Nicholas Confessore, Stuart Elliott, David F.
Gallagher, Ron Lieber and Jad Mouawad.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Flight attendants are known to call some novice travelers
''Clampetts,'' after the show ''The Beverly Hillbillies.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY
ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              88 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 23, 2009 Wednesday

Three-way talks in US seen as diplomatic courtesy - Palestinian editorial

LENGTH: 665 words


Text of report by privately-owned, pro-Fatah Palestinian daily newspaper Al-Quds
website on 23 September

[Editorial: "A Summit or a Diplomatic Courtesy to the United States?"]

The trilateral summit held yesterday in New York on at the margins of the 69th
session of the General Assembly of the United Nations between President Mahmud
Abbas, US President Barack Obama, and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu
was in the eyes of many observers a diplomatic courtesy to President Obama and
Palestinian appreciation for his administration's efforts which aim at reviving
the peace process.

According to most observers, this summit was not based upon the outcomes of
these efforts, which are a very few if any, because of the insistence of the
Netanyahu government on expanding settlement activity, confronting the
legitimate rights of the Palestinians, and upholding the outdated dreams of
greater Israel.

The Palestinians have all but proven their commitment to the Roadmap; namely the
security aspects. They have consolidated the institutions of the Palestinian
state that the Roadmap has sought to establish.

The Israeli Government, however, not only evaded the implementation of the
commitments stipulated in the roadmap, including the dismantling of the
settlement outposts erected since March 2001, withdrawing to positions held
prior to September 2000, and allowing the establishment of an independent,
viable, and geographically contiguous Palestinian state, but also supplied the
settlement outposts with essential materials, expanded them, and encouraged the
building of new outposts. It built hundreds of housing units in the settlements
and plans to build thousands more without even considering any settlement
freeze.

The Netanyahu government publicly and openly challenges the Obama's
administration, embarrassing it in the eyes of the whole world and the countries
which lie in wait to defy Washington and consider the Israeli stance, which
belittles the position of the US, worthy of imitation; particularly in regard to
Iran's and North Korea's nuclear issues.

Furthermore, Netanyahu belittles the international community and the
international legitimacy resolutions regarding the exchange of occupied
territories for a just and comprehensive peace in the region.

Thus, the Israeli PM defies the whole world, including the greatest ally of
Israel, the United States.

On balance, any meeting held as a diplomatic courtesy to the United States in
the absence of any significant change in Israeli positions, from responding to
the demand of a full settlement freeze, dismantling settlement outposts, and the
implementation of the first stage commitments of the Roadmap, will be in vain in
terms of reviving or activating a peace process which has been effectively
frozen for more than nine years.

All that will be accomplished by any meeting of this kind will be to draw
attention to Israel's inflexibility and the hindrances that Israel places one
after the other continuously in the paths of solutions to achieve peace for the
Arab-Israeli struggle in general and the Palestinian issue in particular.

The international community challenged by Netanyahu in this respect, has to
realize the extent of this challenge and its dangers to security and peace in
the region and the world. The international community has the means to push
Israel to realize that the price it might have to pay for its occupation and
settlement activities might exceed its economic and political capabilities.

The question is: What is the world waiting for to, at least, refer to those
means at its disposal? The settlement activities are accelerating, and they
threaten to gobble up the West Bank and flood it with hundreds of thousands of
settlements and settlers, whose numbers are currently at more than half a
million. When will the international community take action? How long will the
world remain silent and watch the Palestinians suffer?

Source: Al-Quds newspaper website, Jerusalem, in Arabic 23 Sep 09

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    August 11, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

College applauded for selling off bonds

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OP-ED; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 465 words


In his Aug. 2 commentary, titled "College decision was misguided," Henri L.
Comte points the finger at "students in American universities" who "seem more
intent on polishing their lobbying and public-relations skills than finding out
what the true economic situation is for the Cree, Inuit and Naskapi of northern
Quebec" and he criticizes the recent decision by Williams College to divest its
Hydro-Quebec bonds.

I am surprised and find it very interesting that Mr. Comte, while very critical
of the American university students and their lobbying, fails to identify
himself as president of Mediator Communications, a Montreal public relations
firm.

True, he is entitled to his opinion as long as that opinion is his own, and he
is not being paid to protect a client's interest. Otherwise, he should identify
himself as a paid representative.

Likewise the administration and the students of Williams College are entitled to
do as they like with the investment. By questioning their judgment, Mr. Comte
belittles that judgment and the reason(s) for their decision.

As for questioning their motive and asking "do they care if Cree unemployment is
50 or 75 per cent," my question to Mr. Comte is, does he? Not only does he
belittle the American students, but he pretends to speak out of concern for the
well-being of the Crees.

Most Quebecers, as well as a large segment of the New England and New York
population, are aware of the Crees' opposition to hydro dams in northern Quebec.
As part of that opposition, the Cree have approached several academic
institutions, including Williams College, asking them to divest their stake in
Hydro-Quebec bonds. Several institutions, for whatever reasons they felt were
justified, have already done so.

The Cree nation has made several presentations to university students in the
northeastern states, including Williams College. The purpose of these
presentations is to explain the impact hydroelectric development has on the Cree
nation. The Cree have firsthand knowledge of what the impacts are, and what
economic benefits they bring to their communities. For Mr. Comte to pretend that
he has the best interest of the Cree at heart when criticizing the American
students is misleading, if not hypocritical.

If Mr. Comte wants to defend "sovereignty," or if he wants to comment or condemn
action taken by American institutions against Hydro-Quebec or the province of
Quebec, we ask him to leave the Cree out of it.

The Crees could and will define themselves when they feel there is a threat.

In this instance, we encourage and support the action taken by the
administration and students at Williams College, no matter what the reason for
divestment.

LUIS EGUREN

Grand Council of the Crees (of Quebec)

Montreal


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2014

Todays students will find a way;
Viewpoint

BYLINE: Greybull Standard staff

LENGTH: 755  words


My how time flies.

Recently it dawned on me that a decade has passed since I became an employee of
the Powell Tribune.

I missed the anniversary of the January day in 2004 when I, a mere lad of 59,
turned on a computer in the Tribune office for the first time.

In a belated observance of that anniversary, I decided to look back and see if I
had written a column for the first week in September, 2004.1 wrote only four
columns for the Tribune that year, so I was actually surprised to find that one
of the four was dated Sept. 2.

Given the date, I wasn't surprised' at what I wrote, though. What else would a
former teacher write about in early September except education?

In that column, I wrote about a 1954 newspaper article I had found in the morgue
of the Basin Republican Rustler a couple of years earlier. It told of a college
professor's complaint that the students he was seeing were poorly prepared for
college. Those high school graduates - who are approaching 80 as I write this -
could not read, write or spell and had no knowledge of the basic grammar that is
"the foundation of clear writing and intelligent thinking."

The U.S., said the professor, has descended into the "Land of Sloppiness."

That article reminded me of another I had found earlier that quoted a professor
at an Ivy League school. He had similar complaints about the students he was
seeing in the early 1940s. According to that professor, his students couldn't
identify such individuals as Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln, and
confused poet Walt Whitman with Paul Whiteman, a popular bandleader of the day.
Moreover, when asked to place St. Louis, Mo. on a map, they placed it just about
everywhere except on the banks of the Mississippi where it belongs.

Naturally, both professors blamed the schools for the situation.

Today, we're hearing the same complaints about American education from colleges
across the land, and politicians are continually bellowing about the state of
our schools.

Liberals point to the shortcomings of the education as proof that schools need
more money. Conservatives do the same to prove that public schools are
ineffective and money should go to other purveyors of education.

Nobody recognizes that our schools are a product of our society, which has never
come to a consensus about what we want our kids to learn in school. Take the
current hullabaloo over the Common Core Standards and the flip-flopping of
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal on the issue. Jindal once was a strong backer of
the Common Core, and his state played a big role in developing them. Now,
though, he has had a change of heart, a change no doubt triggered by the
changing political winds, and is suing the federal government, which had no role
in developing them, over the issue. If we can't figure out what should be taught
in our schools, how can we expect our kids to learn it.

In addition, there is a tendency in our culture to be suspicious, even afraid,
of education. Education often undermines our sacred cows and sometimes
undermines ideas that we have grown comfortable with and depend on. Science may
challenge our religious beliefs or threaten our livelihood, and history may
teach us uncomfortable truths about our past as a nation or call into question
our political beliefs. How can we expect kids to value education when large
parts of our society belittle learning?

Fortunately, those past students didn't believe what their professors said about
them. In that 2004 column I pointed out that the group earning the scorn of that
professor back in the 1940s is now known popularly known as "The Greatest
Generation." They may not have been able to locate St. Louis for him, but they
managed to find their way to Omaha Beach and Okinawa under pretty tough
conditions. The 1950s group whose college professor said they were incapable of
intelligent reasoning helped build the interstate highway system and land Neil
Armstrong and company on the moon.

I believe those who denounce our schools today are wrong as well. I think
today's students will find a way to learn what they need in school and most of
them will use their education to live useful lives and help move our nation
forward.

But, if history is any guide, they will also belittle the education the next
generation is receiving in those future days.

(Before joining the staff of the Powell Tribune, Don Amend spent most of his
professional life teaching in Big Horn County School District No. 3. He was also
a reporter for the Greybull Standard and the Basin Republican-Rustler.)

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Greybull Standard


                              91 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            December 16, 2012 Sunday

Dear Abby: Friends belittle boyfriend

BYLINE: Abigail Van Buren Dear Abby

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 564 words


Dear Abby: I have been separated for three years and am now going through a
divorce. I have started a new relationship, and, for the first time, I know what
being in love feels like.

"Mason" is a remarkable man with many great qualities. However, when we go to my
friends' parties, they often make comments and belittle him because he didn't
graduate from college. Mason is a security guard. It doesn't bother me, but I
feel bad when people ask him why he didn't become a police officer "instead."

My friends are all professionals who married other professionals. They don't
realize that they can sometimes be snobs. I don't know how to approach this
subject without getting into an awkward confrontation. Mason's feelings were
hurt before by a prior girlfriend whose family and friends thought he was a
loser because he's a security guard.

I love him and want this to work. Why do I let other people's comments affect
me? And how can I approach them about this matter?   Unhappy in New York

Dear Unhappy: You may be affected because your friends are unable to see the
wonderful qualities in Mason that you do. Please understand that they may feel
they are trying to look out for your best interests after what has to be a
traumatic disappointment   the long, depressing slog through your divorce. If
your friends persist in making comments to Mason about his job, you should ask
them to please stop because they are making both of you uncomfortable.

However, I would be remiss if I didn't caution you: After someone has
experienced a divorce, it is not unusual to experience a rush of adrenaline   a
kind of "high"   during the next relationship. While it seems idyllic, the
problem is that it usually doesn't last, which is why rebound relationships
often don't work out. This is not to imply that there is anything wrong with
Mason, only that you would be wise to take your time before rushing into another
marriage.

Dear Abby: I want to be at home on Christmas! Am I so bad? Every year, my
mother-in-law pushes us to be at her house on Christmas. My husband and I have
even discussed this issue with a marriage counselor. Together, we agreed to
always be in our home on Christmas Day. I am happy to have my in-laws over, but
not bothered if they choose not to come.

My husband talked to his mother, and everything was worked out last year.
However, when I told him she was starting up again, he got mad at ME! It makes
me sad that he is more worried about pacifying his mother than making memories
with me.

I want to fix dinner and do special things in my home because I didn't have that
when I was a child. Am I so terrible to want that? She had her time. Now I want
MY time.   Wants My Turn in North Carolina

Dear Wants Your Turn: Your husband got mad at you because he has been on the
receiving end of heavy pressure from his mother. She's alive and kicking, so in
her mind her "time" is not yet over.

While I sympathize with your desire to establish traditions of your own, you
will encounter less resistance and resentment if you do it gradually. A way to
do that would be to alternate Christmas holidays between your home and your
in-laws'   a suggestion I hope you will take to heart.

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby atwww.DearAbby.com
or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dear Abby

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 21, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

When parents fail their kids, teachers try to fill the void

BYLINE: J. SCOTT THOMPSON, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 235 words

Columnist Thomas Sowell, a master of reactionary tripe, has topped even himself
with his latest drivel about educators belittling parents' values (" Schools out
to belittle parents' role," Sept. 14). Although I agree that schools should not
be saddled with the responsibility of "character education, " sometimes school
is the only place where students are exposed to values at all.

In my 13 years of teaching, I've known students who can get along with their
parents only when they drink or use drugs together. I've known of parents who
physically and sexually molest their children. I've known of parents who simply
give their children money and cars and are glad when the kids get out of the
house.

I've known of parents who think their children shouldn't have to do what they
don't want to do. I know parents who discourage homework and who will side with
their children before they've bothered consulting us adults.

What hurts most is that I know students who think it's perfectly natural and
normal to lie, to sleep in school, to cheat, to curse and to disrespect
authority, to have prison records and to give up in pressure situations.

Now, do I teach values? You bet. Do I usurp parents' "authority"? Every chance I
get, and gladly will I belittle their roles when their roles are so very little
to begin with.
J. SCOTT THOMPSON
Thompson, a high school English teacher, lives in Smyrna.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              93 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

BYLINE: Reuters In New York

LENGTH: 555  words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."

Cameron is also critical of stack ranking, a process in which managers grade
employees on a bell curve. He said it demotivates workers, does not promote
honesty in appraisals and breeds a culture of prima donnas and back stabbing.

Larry Johnson, the Arizona-based co-author of the book Absolute Honesty:
Building a Corporate Culture that Values Straight Talk and Rewards Integrity, is
also not a fan of stack ranking.

"To have them (employees) fight it out like gladiators in the arena with a few
every year being slaughtered, I think is detrimental to corporate health and
culture," he said.

Johnson likens corporations with negative cultures to going through a military
boot camp.

"A lot of people go there to get the training. They spend a year or two and they
go on to do their own thing," he said. "There is a better way to run a company
with a culture that is benevolent and celebrates their people."

(China Daily 09/18/2015 page15)

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/29/144255245221.jpg

00221917e13e176599e70c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Variety

                           March 05, 2003, Wednesday

PERSPECTIVES: A VARIETY OF LETTERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 228 words

HIGHLIGHT: Liberal voices


To the Editor:

In his response to your editorial ("Right talks talk," letter, Daily Variety,
Feb. 26), Matthew Duda claims that "unlike liberals, conservatives do not
belittle others' views."

Well, apparently he hasn't been paying much attention to his own party leaders
and on-air personalities. So to Duda, I say: Turn on Fox News any night of the
week. Listen to Bill O'Reilly as he continually calls any liberal ideal "crazy,"
"unfounded," "absurd." Or you could switch over to Limbaugh, or read John Leo,
or even worse, Ann Coulter. Pick up one of Coulter's articles and then try
telling me that conservatives don't belittle liberal ideals.

Better yet, listen to current Republican senators and GOP members as they lash
out at liberals as "un-American" and "cowards" for opposing the slaughter of
innocent men and women in their ratings boosting, fear-mongering war. And how
about Republican Congressmen Dick Armey who calls Jewish liberals "shallow and
superficial." This, only to cite a few examples.

The term itself, liberal, has become a four-letter word in our country and why
do you think that is? Certainly not because liberals have belittled their own
ideals. No, it's because conservatives have been on a rampage to kill any gains
that women, gays, blacks, and other minorities have made through liberal
policies.

Scott Liapis

New York City

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Reed Elsevier Inc.


                              95 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               September 21, 2004

Recycling is not a laughing matter

SECTION: Features; General; Letters; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 505 words


David Challice of Exeter (WMN September 10) thinks the new European law on waste
electrical and electronic equipment is a jolly joke, and uses it for another
knee-jerk reaction to belittle and poke fun at the European Union. DAVID
Challice of Exeter (WMN September 10) thinks the new European law on waste
electrical and electronic equipment is a jolly joke, and uses it for another
knee-jerk reaction to belittle and poke fun at the European Union.

It isn't funny and the new European law is a very good idea. About one million
tonnes of electrical equipment is entering the UK waste stream each year, and
the volume is rising by between three and five per cent a year. Currently much
of this is landfilled. This will include your old phones, fax machines,
computers, washing machines, clocks etc. These items often contain toxic metals
that are dangerous to leave in landfill, and a high percentage is recyclable.

How do you get people to recycle this stuff? By making it the producers'
responsibility to finance the management of the scheme from next year, and by
setting targets, in this case to recycle four kilograms of electronic waste per
household per year - not a tough target actually, given the weight of some
electrical items. I have no doubt that if the European countries had not got
together to find a scheme all could sign up to, each one of them would have
found good reasons to postpone or forget the problem of electronic waste until
it had got a lot worse.

Britain particularly has always been slow on recycling. We have preferred simply
to stuff our waste into the ground and forget it. No longer and quite right too.
Let Mr Challice reflect that he has an interest in seeing electronic recycling
work well.

If it doesn't Devon taxpayers will find their councils having to buy landfill
permits under the new Government scheme, and that could put up council tax bills
again. Mr Challice won't find that so hilarious Dr Caroline Jackson Conservative
MEP Swindon Rich keep on getting richer JUST what have the political conmen and
women who shout from the rooftops that they represent the people of the British
Isles offered to the forthcoming generations who will have to carry the yoke
these political idiots are placing around their shoulders?  These fat cats in
Westminster and the House of Unvoted has-beens from the House of Lords say the
people will have to work until the age of 70 to claim a state pension, but
politicians from all parties have made sure their bank accounts and expenses are
well lined for their future use. No doubt the royals will not have to worry
about their future, either.

But for the ordinary youngsters, what will they have to look forward to? Houses
they will never be able to afford and a health service destroyed by Tory
privatisation. The dentists will all be millionaires in a few years' time. One
thing is sure. The rich will have more than ever and the ordinary people will
have empty pockets and the blame.

Michael Tom St Austell

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2004 Western Morning News


                              96 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 27, 1981 Saturday

Media consultant belittles   intelligence of Canadians

BYLINE: Sidney A. Freifeld; GAM

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


As an early analyst for German and Italian propaganda for North America in
 the late Thirties, I was intrigued to read about a familiar ploy adopted
 by Marie Choquet, identified as an "Ottawa communications consultant," in
 a speech to a Canadian-Arab relations conference in Calgary (Pro-Israeli
 Bias in News Reports, Conference Told - June 24).

The ploy, of course, is to tell readers and viewers - who gain an image
 for justifiable and objective reasons but which doesn't suit your case or
 satisfy your clients - that they are victims of propaganda put out by
 insidious groups in Machiavellian ways.

However, our image of the Baader-Meinhoff Gang, for example, or of the
 Italian Red Front or the Japanese Red Army is not based on some insidious
 propaganda from the governments of those countries, but results from the
 deeds they perform and the violence of which they boast.

If Palestine Liberation Organization leader Yasser Arafat's "beard, the
 clothes, the haik all contribute to make him the image of violence," as
 Miss Choquet regrets, she belittles the intelligence of Canadians who also
 see the revolver in its holster, and whose images have been formed - out
 of a thousand examples - by the spectacle of dead athletes in Munich,
 terorized airline passengers hijacked in Entebbe and corpses on the
 beaches and highways leading into the Holy Land.

Miss Choquet's "expertise" - and ploy - in these matters can easily be
 judged by her remarks about the Associated Press which "with its main
 rewrite desk in New York" is thus "susceptible to Jewish pressure groups."
    The AP, of course, is the world's largest gatherer and distributor of
 news, headquartered in New York for generations. Most U.S. and foreign
 news for Canadian media comes from the AP, via its Canadian counterpart
 and partner, the Canadian Press; both AP and CP are co-opertives
 maintained by their client newspapers, which include virtually all the
 dailies published in North America with views ranging across the entire
 political spectrum.

To suggest that AP's news reports are colored because they are filed
 from New York is as ridiculous as to suggest that CP's news, filed from
 its Toronto head office, is tainted by the proximity of Rabbis Gunther
 Plaut and Harvey Fields.

Arab points of view are ill-served by "communications experts" and
 tactics such as these.

Sidney A. Freifeld    Ottawa

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 29, 2007 Monday

The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va., Bob Hertzel column: All of the little
things helped WVU prevail

BYLINE: Bob Hertzel, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 645 words


Jan. 29--A BASKETBALL GAME, even as technically flawed a basketball game as was
Sunday's 64-52 West Virginia victory over DePaul at the Coliseum, can be a thing
of beauty.

There are plays performed with the grace of a ballerina, athletic moments as
difficult as the toughest gymnastic routine, eyepopping dunks with players'
knuckles seemingly scraping the ceiling and 3-point shots that seem to be let
loose from another zip code.

You pick up a box score such as the one that came out of today's game and the
most casual of fans can deduct that Joe Alexander's 23 points on 9 for 12
shooting, along with six rebounds, provided the impetus toward victory.

But it is dangerous to make deductions out of a box score, for it is really
nothing more than a "Cliff Notes" version of a basketball game and if one is to
analyze this important victory over DePaul it requires a reading of the complete
text.

In truth, the heartbeat of this victory could not be found without careful
analysis.

The reason, as Coach John Beilein has impressed upon his entire team, is that
the fiber of a game is not always found in baskets and rebounds, assists and
turnovers.

It often is, as it was in this one, decided on little things, things that go
unrecorded for history but have a heavy influence upon history.

"It's like football," Beilein explained in his postmortem, "it's that tackle,
that ball that's knocked loose. It's things that take extra effort but do not
show up in the stats."

That is not to belittle the way Alexander slashed to the basket, powering his
way through openings created by DePaul's effort to cover outside shooters. It's
not to belittle the seven assists that Alex Ruoff was credited with, some of
them simply dazzling.

Instead, it is an attempt to credit the unseen hustle plays that are appreciated
at the moment by the fans, but forgotten by game's end in favor of the more
spectacular moments.

To wit, no one left the Coliseum talking about the way Rob Summers, who at
7-feet has a long way to go to reach the floor, came up with a pair of loose
balls that had been fumbled by others and seemed certain to make their way into
the turnover column on the box score.

And while it produced a contentious moment, for one official ruled Jamie
Smalligan out of bounds, there was his ability to save an offensive rebound just
before it was to go out of bounds and get a time out that helped change the flow
of the game.

In basketball, the initials T.O. have nothing to do with Terrell Owens, as we
learned on this one play for Smalligan either had a turnover or a time out, a
T.O. in either case.

The officials huddled and in the end made the morally correct call, giving
Smalligan credit for his hustle, although he swears his size 14 sneakers were at
least a little toe shy of being on the line.

"In a game like this, every play is important," Smalligan said. "You want to win
every possession. You want to get those 50-50 balls."

The play came six and a half minutes into the second half at a time when the
Mountaineers were showing signs of cracking, an 11-point halftime lead having
been shaved more than in half.

For much of the second half, WVU's shots weren't falling and DePaul's pressure
defense was forcing problems. DePaul got as close as three points midway through
but couldn't draw closer.

Little things had produced a big win when it was needed the most, for two road
games follow and a pair of games against nationally ranked Pitt and UCLA after
that.

BOB HERTZEL is a sports reporter for The Dominion Post. He can be reached at
bhertzel@dominionpost.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070129-MV-0129-The-Dominion-Post-Morgantown-W-Va-Bob-Hertzel-column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2007 The Dominion Post


                              98 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

LENGTH: 538  words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."

Cameron is also critical of stack ranking, a process in which managers grade
employees on a bell curve. He said it demotivates workers, does not promote
honesty in appraisals and breeds a culture of prima donnas and back stabbing.

Larry Johnson, the Arizona-based co-author of the book Absolute Honesty:
Building a Corporate Culture that Values Straight Talk and Rewards Integrity, is
also not a fan of stack ranking.

"To have them (employees) fight it out like gladiators in the arena with a few
every year being slaughtered, I think is detrimental to corporate health and
culture," he said.

Johnson likens corporations with negative cultures to going through a military
boot camp.

"A lot of people go there to get the training. They spend a year or two and they
go on to do their own thing," he said. "There is a better way to run a company
with a culture that is benevolent and celebrates their people."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

BYLINE: Reuters In New York

LENGTH: 543  words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."

Cameron is also critical of stack ranking, a process in which managers grade
employees on a bell curve. He said it demotivates workers, does not promote
honesty in appraisals and breeds a culture of prima donnas and back stabbing.

Larry Johnson, the Arizona-based co-author of the book Absolute Honesty:
Building a Corporate Culture that Values Straight Talk and Rewards Integrity, is
also not a fan of stack ranking.

"To have them (employees) fight it out like gladiators in the arena with a few
every year being slaughtered, I think is detrimental to corporate health and
culture," he said.

Johnson likens corporations with negative cultures to going through a military
boot camp.

"A lot of people go there to get the training. They spend a year or two and they
go on to do their own thing," he said. "There is a better way to run a company
with a culture that is benevolent and celebrates their people."

(China Daily 09/18/2015 page15)

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 18, 2015

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

LENGTH: 538  words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."

Cameron is also critical of stack ranking, a process in which managers grade
employees on a bell curve. He said it demotivates workers, does not promote
honesty in appraisals and breeds a culture of prima donnas and back stabbing.

Larry Johnson, the Arizona-based co-author of the book Absolute Honesty:
Building a Corporate Culture that Values Straight Talk and Rewards Integrity, is
also not a fan of stack ranking.

"To have them (employees) fight it out like gladiators in the arena with a few
every year being slaughtered, I think is detrimental to corporate health and
culture," he said.

Johnson likens corporations with negative cultures to going through a military
boot camp.

"A lot of people go there to get the training. They spend a year or two and they
go on to do their own thing," he said. "There is a better way to run a company
with a culture that is benevolent and celebrates their people."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           December 14, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THOMAS: FEW QUALIFICATIONS TO BELITTLE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 192 words


Several writers have expressed outrage at the recent Post editorial ``Mad man on
the court,'' about Justice Clarence Thomas. One writer was unhappy that The Post
had ``belittled (his) qualifications for the court.''

At the time of his nomination, then-Judge Thomas had had precisely 18 months of
judicial experience on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. His
appointment to that court was part of a plan by President Bush, and others, to
have a conservative African-American ``jurist'' ready when Justice Thurgood
Marshall, the most celebrated and experienced lawyer in the history of the U.S.
Supreme Court, retired or died. There was no shortage of eminently qualified
African-American jurists at the time; the trick was to find one to the right,
politically, of Rush Limbaugh. And so, Judge Thomas was the ``trick.''
Unimpressed by President Bush's idea of fun and games, the American Bar
Association gave Judge Thomas the lowest possible endorsement.

His appalling performance on the court, to date, was painfully predictable
because to state Justice Thomas' ``qualifications'' is, per se, to belittle
them.

Richard A. Fitzpatrick

Jupiter

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

GRAPHIC: PHOTO/mug/Thomas, Clarence

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 6, 1997, Friday

Don't belittle student's achievement

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; LETTER; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 426 words



This is in response to an opinion written by Linda Chion-Kenny in the North  of
Tampa Section on May 30.

   Cynical? I don't regard you as cynical but I do question why you have  chosen
this particular time to belittled this particular achievement.

To begin with, I believe that your article placed directly above Steve  Lee's
article shows that you had a mission to detract from this  accomplishment. Your
article points out that parents, not students, drive  perfect attendance and
that someone always gets sick, at least sick enough to  stay home from school.
Michele was fortunate throughout her education to be  healthy and healthy enough
to achieve her perfect attendance. With regard to  her parents, they never stood
at the door with a threat: "Go to school or  else!" In Michele's case, she was
always eager to go to school and enjoyed  it.

I think if the point you were trying to make was don't go to school if you  are
going for a reward or don't go to school if you're making everyone else  sick,
or even don't go to school for just the grade but for the education then  I
applaud you. As a former educator there was no greater pleasure than to have  a
student come to school who really wanted to learn.

I think the timing of your opinion and even mentioning Michele's name in  the
article was no less than irresponsible and I believe that you owe Michele  and
apology. Her achievement, while making her parents proud, was entirely her
achievement.

I hesitated to write this. I wonder if you hesitated as long before you  lashed
out at something positive one of our young people has done. You're  right about
one thing: She is an extraordinary woman. But even the  extraordinary have
feelings. She told me not to write this, that's how  extraordinary she is!

No, Michele hasn't joined a gang, driven under the influence or abused  little
children. Her only offense was to personally strive to attend school  every day.
And when it was her day to shine you ask what's so great about it?  Well, I
think your view certainly rained on her parade. I hope you understand  that as
her father I am very proud that she has accomplished this. I hope she  continues
this achievement as a work ethic and doesn't join the ranks of those  in the
work place who belittle achievements, no matter how great or how small.

It's a shame someone has to put down good news. But I guess good news just
doesn't sell papers.  - Frank Barthel

   Steve Lee, thank you for what I considered a good article.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH OF TAMPA

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              103 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

Liberals receive no Southern hospitality

SECTION: LOCAL/REGIONAL

LENGTH: 777 words


If you're still wondering why U.S. Sen. John Kerry is home in Boston hoping
Teresa doesn't change the locks -- or hoping she does -- instead of packing up
for the White House, just take a look at a map of the United States.

Kerry won New England, California, Pennsylvania, Michigan and little else.

You can't win the presidency if you can't win a single Southern state -- or even
what should be a Democratic stronghold like Ohio.

It's no coincidence that the only two Democratic presidents in the last 30 years
have been Southerners: Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter.

Like many other people, I held my nose and voted for Kerry because I thought
President George W. Bush had lead us into the war in Iraq on false pretenses,
botched much of the fight against terrorism and ignored all of the major
domestic issues.

If ever there was a president ripe for the taking, it was George W.

But Kerry and the Democratic party managed to lose anyway, largely because Kerry
is simply too liberal for most of America, and his party's leadership looks down
on the values of the working-class Democrats they're supposed to represent.

Take abortion, for example.

Reasonable people on both sides of the issue can disagree about when they think
life starts and if early-term abortions should be allowed.

But Kerry and his band of liberal Democrats have refused to vote to ban
partial-birth or late-term abortions.

They argue that a woman's right to choose should be protected no matter what --
even if it means choosing to have an abortion in the last trimester.

Unfortunately for them, most Americans --and count me among them -- disagree
with them.

This is particularly true in the South, where I spent seven years of my adult
life living and working, and where my daughter was born.

You will not win a single state in the South if you support partial-birth
abortions.

You might as well vote to ban NASCAR.

Then there's the God issue.

Like many people who live in North Central Massachusetts, many Southerners feel
very deeply about religion and what the Bible teaches them.

That's why they are opposed to gay marriage.

Again, reasonable people can disagree about this.

I believe people should be able to marry who they want to marry, but I
understand why many people feel otherwise.

And I don't think just because you're opposed to gay marriage that you hate
gays.

But the Democratic party believes that.

I've heard many elitist Democrats belittle people who are opposed to gay
marriage and even belittle their faith in God.

Again, a Democrat will never win the South until this changes.

If the Democrats want to win the presidency in 2008 they need to nominate a
conservative Democrat who honors military service, faith in God and country, and
opportunity for all, while addressing major fundamental problems like health
care, education and the runaway cost of living.

It wouldn't hurt if he or she was from the South.

By the way, John Edwards is not a Southern Democrat. He's a Democrat who lives
in the South. People in North Carolina know this -- that's why Kerry didn't even
win North Carolina.

And when push came to shove, many Americans didn't think they could trust Kerry
to make a decision and stick to it.

Most people are reasonable.

They don't expect politicians to be saints -- look at how popular Slick Willie
remains -- but they expect them to level with them and they like it when you own
up to a mistake.

Everybody screws up sometimes. Unfortunately, not everybody is willing to admit
it.

And while the Democratic party is struggling nationwide, it remains alive and
well in North Central Massachusetts.

Democrats won all the local state representative and state senate races.

Dave Nault, the Republican candidate for Leominster's state representative seat,
continued his classy and well-thought out campaign by barring us from his
headquarters on election night.

This is the same man whose primary campaign strategy was to attack his
Democratic opponent and Leominster native Jennifer Flanagan for having lost
touch because she worked in Boston for former state Rep. Mary Jane Simmons, and
to attack us when he ducked a debate we co-sponsored.

Good thinking.

He also let his campaign manager, Tucker Hazzard, do most of his talking for
him.

Fortunately for Leominster and the state Legislature, voters barred him from
serving in Boston when they elected Flanagan by more than a 2-to-1 margin.

Here's hoping the next time Hazzard wants to be a state representative, he just
runs himself.

[Jeff McMenemy is editor of the Sentinel & Enterprise. His column appears on
Sundays.]

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.


                              104 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 6, 2003 Monday 1ST EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 763 words

Affluenza and freedom

Re: ''Affluenza' is a disease of the heart,' Dec. 29 Leonard  Pitts column.

If we were all to follow the concluding advice of Mr. Pitts, it  might signal
the death knell of our capitalistic economic system.  In my opinion, his
conclusions are admirable, but idealistically  naive.

I think that there are some very basic tenets of capitalistic  economics. This
system can only grow by exploiting new markets (by  opening McDonalds,
Wal-Marts, etc., in developing countries) or by  re-exploiting old markets
(selling Americans 'stuff,' such as new  houses, automobiles, TVs and clothing).
This economic system,  coupled with our democratic form of government, has made
and will,  I hope, continue to keep the United States the most powerful and
free nation in the world.

RICHARD D. STACY

Montrose  ---------------------------  Taking on 'Two Towers'  Afraid of clarity

   Re: 'Lord! Will 'Rings' never end?' Jan. 2 Diane Carman column.   I was
disappointed to read Diane Carman's assessment. Sure, it's just  a story and not
everyone has to fall in love with it or even like it.  However, the shallowness
of her analysis goes beyond ignorance mythology  and literary work underlying
the films, to what I can only describe as  an attempt to belittle and
trivialize.  If I didn't know better, I'd think Carman was afraid of moral
clarity,  the thing she pooh-poohs most about the movies. Interestingly, that
may  be the very answer to her question: 'What do people see in this?'
Apparently some find in Tolkien's world the moral courage and resolve  that
seems to be conspicuously absent from our present day, where  politicians talk
out of both sides of their mouths, corporate weasels  ruin lives and the
environment for quick gain and activists claim that  everything is someone's
legitimate right, no matter how repulsive or  harmful.  Like Carman, I'm glad no
one takes 'The Lord of the Rings' as a parable  for modern life - it's much more
a picture of what modern life is  lacking.  RYAN BELL  Denver
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Frodo, conservative  I can help Diane Carman understand why she didn't like 'The
Lord of the  Rings': It's conservative.  The movie personifies all the values
liberals like Ms. Carmen belittle:  individual achievement, self-sacrifice,
honor, determination and refusal  to make excuses. The hobbits are small and
physically weak, but they don't  let that stand in their way. The dwarf is
short, but that makes him fight all  the harder. The closest to liberals are the
elves, many of whom prefer to  relocate rather than face the threat of war
head-on.  The world of Middle Earth is changing, but no one is crying about
species  extermination or global warming. There is no support group to state
that Orcs  face unjust discrimination because of aggressive personality traits
they can't  control. Nor is anybody claiming Sauron is 'not the real threat' nor
that Saruman  was driven to attack Rohan because its horses were exceeding
open-range grazing  privileges.  The key women - Arwen and Eowyn - do not not
complain about failing to get their  respective ways. They state their wishes
reasonably (Arwen to stay in Middle Earth  and Eowyn to be a warrior), but when
they are rejected, they quietly and nobly  accept their fates. Sure can't enlist
them for the women-in-private-golf-clubs  movement!  Here's probably the main
reason Diane didn't like the movie: No media in Middle  Earth, so no whiny
columnists.  KENYON JORDAN  Colorado Springs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Where evil is obvious  Maybe what has made this 'insipid fairy tale' so enduring
is that it does give us  a break from terrorists, a terrible economy, crime,
poverty, cruelty, war, politics,  etc. A world where good and evil are easy to
see. A world where we don't have to be  suspicious of every character on the
screen. A world where one small, 'guileless  hero with no leadership experience'
can save the world from the evil that would  destroy it. A world where perfectly
normal-looking people wouldn't hijack airplanes  or strap bombs to their bodies.

  I guess that 'simple-minded fantasy' is just too difficult to explain to
someone  who is so intellectually superior to the millions of fans who have kept
it alive  for the last half century.  THERESE MORIN  Broomfield

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 6, 2003 Monday 1ST EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 763 words

Affluenza and freedom

Re: ''Affluenza' is a disease of the heart,' Dec. 29 Leonard  Pitts column.

If we were all to follow the concluding advice of Mr. Pitts, it  might signal
the death knell of our capitalistic economic system.  In my opinion, his
conclusions are admirable, but idealistically  naive.

I think that there are some very basic tenets of capitalistic  economics. This
system can only grow by exploiting new markets (by  opening McDonalds,
Wal-Marts, etc., in developing countries) or by  re-exploiting old markets
(selling Americans 'stuff,' such as new  houses, automobiles, TVs and clothing).
This economic system,  coupled with our democratic form of government, has made
and will,  I hope, continue to keep the United States the most powerful and
free nation in the world.

RICHARD D. STACY

Montrose  ---------------------------  Taking on 'Two Towers'  Afraid of clarity

   Re: 'Lord! Will 'Rings' never end?' Jan. 2 Diane Carman column.   I was
disappointed to read Diane Carman's assessment. Sure, it's just  a story and not
everyone has to fall in love with it or even like it.  However, the shallowness
of her analysis goes beyond ignorance mythology  and literary work underlying
the films, to what I can only describe as  an attempt to belittle and
trivialize.  If I didn't know better, I'd think Carman was afraid of moral
clarity,  the thing she pooh-poohs most about the movies. Interestingly, that
may  be the very answer to her question: 'What do people see in this?'
Apparently some find in Tolkien's world the moral courage and resolve  that
seems to be conspicuously absent from our present day, where  politicians talk
out of both sides of their mouths, corporate weasels  ruin lives and the
environment for quick gain and activists claim that  everything is someone's
legitimate right, no matter how repulsive or  harmful.  Like Carman, I'm glad no
one takes 'The Lord of the Rings' as a parable  for modern life - it's much more
a picture of what modern life is  lacking.  RYAN BELL  Denver
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Frodo, conservative  I can help Diane Carman understand why she didn't like 'The
Lord of the  Rings': It's conservative.  The movie personifies all the values
liberals like Ms. Carmen belittle:  individual achievement, self-sacrifice,
honor, determination and refusal  to make excuses. The hobbits are small and
physically weak, but they don't  let that stand in their way. The dwarf is
short, but that makes him fight all  the harder. The closest to liberals are the
elves, many of whom prefer to  relocate rather than face the threat of war
head-on.  The world of Middle Earth is changing, but no one is crying about
species  extermination or global warming. There is no support group to state
that Orcs  face unjust discrimination because of aggressive personality traits
they can't  control. Nor is anybody claiming Sauron is 'not the real threat' nor
that Saruman  was driven to attack Rohan because its horses were exceeding
open-range grazing  privileges.  The key women - Arwen and Eowyn - do not not
complain about failing to get their  respective ways. They state their wishes
reasonably (Arwen to stay in Middle Earth  and Eowyn to be a warrior), but when
they are rejected, they quietly and nobly  accept their fates. Sure can't enlist
them for the women-in-private-golf-clubs  movement!  Here's probably the main
reason Diane didn't like the movie: No media in Middle  Earth, so no whiny
columnists.  KENYON JORDAN  Colorado Springs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Where evil is obvious  Maybe what has made this 'insipid fairy tale' so enduring
is that it does give us  a break from terrorists, a terrible economy, crime,
poverty, cruelty, war, politics,  etc. A world where good and evil are easy to
see. A world where we don't have to be  suspicious of every character on the
screen. A world where one small, 'guileless  hero with no leadership experience'
can save the world from the evil that would  destroy it. A world where perfectly
normal-looking people wouldn't hijack airplanes  or strap bombs to their bodies.

  I guess that 'simple-minded fantasy' is just too difficult to explain to
someone  who is so intellectually superior to the millions of fans who have kept
it alive  for the last half century.  THERESE MORIN  Broomfield

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                August 17, 2007

'We are intending to give degrees to students who can't get a C at GCSE in maths
and English. Why?'

BYLINE: Alan Ryan

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13 No. 1807

LENGTH: 770  words


I am writing this a week before the A-level results. As is now traditional,
Government ministers and others with a vested interest in current arrangements
have been getting their retaliation in first by attacking the critics of A level
standards and university expansion before they have said anything. Lest their
efforts be wasted...

First, the expansion of higher education. Is there anything to be said against
people getting a BA in surfing studies? No. If people like putting BA (hons)
Surfing Studies after their names, who's to complain? Is a BA in surfing studies
any use to an employer? If you are running a leisure centre, perhaps. If you are
looking for a financial analyst, probably not. So, what is there to be said
against it?

Most obviously, it's an expensive way of training people to work in the leisure
industries. With everyone feeling obliged to charge £ 3,000 a year in tuition
fees, and most students wanting to live away from home, a student clocks up
debts upwards of £ 8,000 a year for three years.

Those are the ones who finish; a quarter don't. That's a low figure compared
with 45 per cent in the US; but most US higher education is cheaper than ours,
so dropping out is cheap.

Nor does the Government's latest bright idea help much; £ 3,000 a year towards
the bill still leaves you to borrow £ 5,000 and - the real blow - to forfeit
what you would have earned over three years and three years of moving up the
career ladder. Part-time students have it worse; and they are the most likely to
be aiming at vocationally slanted degrees.

Can we add something unpleasantly "elitist"? Well, consider the target of 50 per
cent of any age group going into higher education by the time they are 30. Less
than 50 per cent of each age group gets five decent GCSEs including maths and
English. We are therefore intending to give degrees to students who can't get a
C at GCSE in maths and English. Why? If we are providing remedial secondary
education, shouldn't we say so? And distinguish it from - say - the sort of
degree-level physical chemistry that makes your brain hurt even after an A in
further maths?

The point of being bleak isn't to protect academically demanding subjects from
whatever threats they face - funding cuts, the Government's utilitarian view of
education, student instrumentalism. Those threats have always existed in the US
without doing much damage to high-end teaching and research. Between top
students in the best PhD programmes at the University of California, Berkeley,
and marginal students struggling with remedial writing courses at the other end
of the same university, you could insert almost the entire range of higher
education in this country. The point of being bleak is to protect teachers and
students doing useful post-secondary, vocationally oriented work.

Nobody persecutes primary schoolteachers because they do not write mathematical
treatises of an evening. But the research assessment exercise has induced too
many universities to persecute their own staff, who are forced to invent a
research profile in which they have next to no interest or to sacrifice what
they can usefully do - teach something of practical use to students who need it
- to produce research that nobody will ever take seriously.

As to A level, the game is clearly up. It can't simultaneously be true that A
level provides a gold standard and that it needs a wholesale overhaul.

It isn't merely a matter of inserting an A* to pick out the top 10 per cent or
thereabouts from the 25 per cent of all candidates who get an A; that could be
done by giving up letters and doing deciles.

It's the rest: cutting the number of modules, changing the nature of the
examination from working to a marking scheme to having to display in-depth
knowledge of what a subject is all about, emphasising a student's ability to
display mastery of an argument in an essay. Forward to the past.

We are always told not to belittle the students on their day of glory; nobody
should need to be told that. But we should belittle the adults who have spent
the past two decades trying to square the circle. They have tried to make the
same examination answer both "have you learnt the topics on this list?" and "how
much further can you go?" And the pressure to get a positive answer to the first
question has been much greater than the pressure to get an interesting answer to
the second.

The main losers are not the universities that can't separate the best students
from their competitors; they are the students who could have learnt a lot more
and learnt it more interestingly.

Alan Ryan is warden of New College, Oxford.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Big question in Utah gay marriage battle: A fundamental right to marry?;
Friday is the next deadline in the gay marriage battle in Utah, as US Supreme
Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor considers how to handle the state's request to
halt same-sex marriages pending appeal of a lower-court ruling allowing them. So
far, she has asked gay couples to submit briefs.

BYLINE: Warren Richey Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1093 words


A decision by a federal judge in Utah ordering the state to immediately permit
same-sex marriages is setting the stage for what could become the ultimate
constitutional showdown over gay marriage.

On Tuesday, Utah officials asked US Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor to
temporarily halt the federal judge's Dec. 20 ruling requiring the state to
permit same-sex marriages despite a state constitutional amendment outlawing the
practice. Justice Sotomayor responded by requesting briefs from lawyers
representing six gay couples challenging the Utah ban. Those briefs are due on
Friday.

In the meantime, more than 900 same-sex couples have used the judge's ruling -
and his refusal to postpone it - to obtain once-forbidden marriage licenses in
Utah.

Although the immediate question is whether the judge's same-sex marriage order
should be stayed pending further appeals, the underlying issues will require
Sotomayor - and perhaps the entire high court - to address the single most
significant question in the legal debate over gay marriage. The question is
whether same-sex couples have a fundamental right to marry under the US
Constitution.

The justices intentionally avoided answering that very question in last June's
landmark gay rights decision striking down part of the federal Defense of
Marriage Act (DOMA).

The high court voted 5 to 4 to invalidate a portion of DOMA because the majority
justices said it violated the equal rights of same-sex couples who were legally
married under state law. Because particular states had resolved to confer equal
status to married couples regardless of sexual orientation, the federal
government could not impose its own counter-requirements that would disrupt or
belittle a state's decision, the majority justices said.

What the high court did not decide was whether DOMA violated a fundamental right
of same-sex couples to marry.

Nonetheless, the judge in Utah, US District Judge Robert Shelby, cited the June
high court opinion as support for his conclusion that a fundamental right to
marry applies to all Americans regardless of sexual orientation.

"[The DOMA decision] does not answer the question presented here, but its
reasoning is nevertheless highly relevant and is therefore a significant
doctrinal development," Judge Shelby wrote in his decision.

He found that gay couples in Utah enjoy a fundamental right to marry and a
fundamental right to have their marriages recognized by their state government.

If upheld by the high court, Shelby's decision would require recognition of
same-sex marriages nationwide and invalidate more than 30 state constitutional
amendments and statutes banning same-sex marriages.

In their request for a stay from the high court, Utah officials maintain that
there is no fundamental right to same-sex marriage under the US Constitution,
and that it is well within in the power of the states to decide for themselves
whether men can marry men and women can marry women or whether to restrict the
institution to opposite-sex couples.

The Utah legislature approved a statute in 1977 and, again, 2004 barring
same-sex marriages, and in 2004, 66 percent of the voters supported a
constitutional amendment restricting marriage to one man and one woman.

Utah officials argue that the judge overstepped his federal authority by issuing
a decision that undercuts and belittles the sovereign authority of Utah and its
citizens to govern themselves without facing federal interference.

"Every marriage performed uniting persons of the same sex is an affront to the
sovereignty of the State and to the democratically expressed will of the people
of Utah," the Utah brief says in part.

In essence, Utah officials are urging the justices to extend the same logic used
in their analysis of last year's DOMA case. If the federal government cannot
intrude on a state's decision to recognize same-sex marriages, why should the
federal government (via a district judge) now be permitted to intrude because a
state chooses not to recognize them?

It would be unnecessary to answer that question if the US Constitution protects
a fundamental right to same-sex marriage. But if it doesn't, will it be up to
each state to decide for itself whether to recognize same-sex marriages?

The Utah brief notes that four justices, all members of the court's conservative
wing, appear to support the view that the states have the power to decide. What
is not clear at this point is how Justice Anthony Kennedy views the issue. His
vote will likely decide the matter.

The more immediate issue is whether Shelby's ruling should be stayed as the
appeals move forward. Such stays are routinely issued in major cases but are not
required.

It is clear from Shelby's original ruling that he sees no harm in hundreds of
same-sex couples marrying while the case works its way through the courts.

"The State of Utah has provided no evidence that opposite-sex marriage will be
affected in any way by same-sex marriage," he wrote in his opinion. "In the
absence of such evidence, the State's unsupported fears and speculations are
insufficient to justify the state's refusal to dignify the family relationships
of its gay and lesbian citizens."

Utah officials had also asked a federal appeals court to grant a stay. The
two-judge panel granted expedited consideration of the appeal, but refused to
halt the ongoing marriages.

"We conclude a stay is not warranted," the appeals court panel said, without
further explanation.

Utah directed its high court appeal to Sotomayor, who is designated to handle
such matters from Utah and other states within the jurisdiction of the 10th US
Circuit Court of Appeals. She can decide the stay request on her own or refer it
to the entire court.

In its brief to the high court, Utah says the state has suffered and will
continue to suffer irreparable harm from Shelby's refusal to stay the decision.

"The district court's extraordinary decision to overturn Utah's marriage laws -
and its refusal even to stay its order pending further review - places in
jeopardy the democratic right of millions of Utahns to choose for themselves
what marriage will mean in their community," the brief says.

If the judge's decision is overturned by a higher court, it adds, the state will
face the difficult task of having to "unwind the marital status of same-sex
unions performed before reversal of the district court's decision."

Same-sex couples and their children "will likely suffer dignitary and financial
losses from the invalidation of their marriages" if the decision is overturned
on appeal, the state argues.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MARCH 2, 1998 Monday SF EDITION

A STUDY OF FRIENDSHIP ON AN ALL-WHITE CANVAS

BYLINE: Clifford A. Ridley, INQUIRER THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Poor, disheveled Yvan - Yvan the peacemaker, Yvan the joker, Yvan the reliable
middle ground - is quite beside himself at the behavior of his two friends, Marc
and Serge. They've been quarreling all evening. "You're in a downward spiral,
both of you!" he shouts. "You can't stop yourselves!"

And that, in a nutshell, rather sums up Art, the knotty, funny, profoundly human
play that opened last night at the Royale Theatre. Despite its title, despite
the aesthetic disagreements that crop up in it from time to time, and despite
the fact that it takes its impetus from the purchase of an all-white painting,
Art isn't about art. It's about friendship, which is much more complicated.

Written in French by a playwright and former actress named Yasmina Reza, Art
premiered in Paris in 1995 and, in a translation by Christopher Hampton, opened
in October 1996 in London, where it won every prize in sight and remains one of
the city's hottest tickets. It has been translated into 20 languages and staged
throughout the world; the Broadway production, of which Sean Connery is one of
three producers, stars Alan Alda (Marc), Victor Garber (Serge), and Alfred
Molina (Yvan).

The situation is this: Serge, a dermatologist, has just paid 200,000 francs for
the painting in question - a white canvas on which "if you screw up your eyes,
you can make out some fine white diagonal lines." (The description is Marc's,
delivered to the audience in one of the asides that Reza allows all three
characters throughout the play.) Marc, an engineer, not only belittles the
painting but belittles Serge for buying it; the idea that a friend of his could
be so pretentiously trendy offends him deeply.

Serge is pretentiously trendy; he likes being part of an in-group that tosses
around terms like deconstruction, which Marc calls "a phrase from Builder's
Weekly." On the other hand, though, Marc is indeed the scoffingly arrogant
"nostalgia merchant" that Serge accuses him of being. And between them, wanting
only to spend a friendly evening away from the hassles of planning his impending
wedding, is Yvan, Everyman in the Middle.

The play transpires on an all-white set. At first the action is located
alternately in the three men's flats, differentiated only by rotating paintings
on the upstage wall, but its centerpiece is a long scene at Serge's that begins
with Marc attempting to be conciliatory and that, true to Yvan's summation,
spirals steadily downhill as Serge and Marc trot out old hurts and resentments.
Their arguments are composed not of logic but of feelings, and the question
before the house is a universal one: Can one be a friend and still be oneself?

Yvan's psychiatrist, Dr. Finkelzohn, has an answer to that; unfortunately, as
Yvan translates it, it's quite incomprehensible - and very funny. Serge, Marc
and Yvan may accuse one another of losing their senses of humor, but Yasmina
Reza is in full possession of hers, and her play demonstrates how absurd really
dumb arguments can be. It also demonstrates, at the end, that friendship is a
resilient business - sort of like art.

I liked this production of Art better than the one I saw in London, which
admittedly was not with the original cast (which included Tom Courtenay and
Albert Finney) but the second one. Since the director - Matthew Warchus, a
master of the pregnant pause and the eloquent stare - is the same, the New York
cast must account for the difference. And though Alda, Garber and Molina are all
terrific, and though they play off one another like repertory brethren, it's
Alda who especially makes the show succeed.

This, I suspect, is because the role of Marc is so caustic, rigid and
condescending that, even played by a good actor, the character can seem quite
insufferable. But Alda's persona is so old-shoe comfortable, so suggestive of
the vulnerability and uncertainty beneath a seemingly assured, regular-guy
facade, that it works perfectly here. In a sense, this production of Art becomes
Marc's play, which doesn't so much skew the story as give it a necessary focus.
It makes a fine script just a bit better still.

ART Written by Yasmina Reza; directed by Matthew Warchus.

Playing at: Royale Theatre, 242 W. 45th St., for an open-ended run. Tickets are
$45 to $60. Information: 212-239-6200.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Review: Theater

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
In "Art," two friends - Victor Garber (left) and Alan Alda (right) - argue
amusingly, and Alfred Molina mediates. (JOAN MARCUS)

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 July 20, 2012
                              Correction Appended

Activists Hope To Mourn Abortions at Their 'Wailing Wall'

SECTION: News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1342 words


Plans for a full-size replica of the Western Wall  in Jerusalem are being drawn
up in Wichita,  Kan. But women who have had abortions   rather than Jews  are
the target audience.

The proposed replica is part of a monumental  International Pro-Life Memorial
and National  Life Center being planned by evangelical activists  in Wichita's
anti-abortion community. The  envisioned shrine is meant to promote and
solidify Wichita's reputation as the city in  America that is most hostile to
abortion, say  the activists. The project planners have decided  that the most
vivid way to invoke the scale  of the abortion tragedy, as they see it, is to
reference  Jewish suffering  embodied in their  minds by the Western Wall in
Jerusalem.

The Wailing Wall, as the activists refer to

'It is unacceptable,  it is insensitive,  it belittles and  distorts.'

it, and the accompanying center,  will be fronted by 60 crosses, each  one
representing 10 million aborted  fetuses.

[The Western Wall] is a place  that memorializes what happened  during the
Holocaust, said Pastor  Mark Holick, the spokesman for  the anti-abortion
project. Since  Roe v. Wade, he said, referring to  the 1973 Supreme Court
ruling that  struck down state bans on abortion,  60 million baby boys and
girls have been murdered, and that  is a holocaust unprecedented in the  history
of mankind.

For the past 20 years, Wichita  has served as ground zero for the  national
abortion wars, which  reached a crescendo in 2009 when  late-term abortion
provider Dr.  George Tiller was gunned down  in his Lutheran church.

Members of Wichita's tiny  Jewish community reached by the  Forward by phone
seemed largely  unaware of the project. But the  idea of using the Western Wall
the sole remaining section of the  retaining wall that surrounded the  Jewish
Second Temple  to symbolize  the Holocaust struck some  as odd. I have never
seen it as  a place that you go to remember  the Holocaust, said Dale Marcus,  a
retired psychologist and a member  of Ahavath-Achim Hebrew  Congregation, a
nondenominational  traditional synagogue in  Wichita. It has nothing to do with
abortion.

Others took issue with what  they saw as an appropriation of  Jewish history.
People are talking  about it in a very dismissive, funny  way, said Rabbi
Michael Davis of  Congregation Emanu-El, a Reform  synagogue. Davis, one of the
few  Jews aware of the project, said, I  see it as another example of a
non-Jewish group taking a Jewish symbol  and reinterpreting it for their  own
private use and thereby bastardizing  it.

The use of the Western Wall by  anti-abortion activists appears to  be something
new. But national  anti-abortion groups have long  likened abortions in America
to a  holocaust, or compared it to the  Holocaust, to make their point.  In 2007
Republican presidential  hopeful Mike Huckabee talked  about the holocaust of
liberalized  abortion in a speech to the  Family Research Council's Value
Voters Summit in Washington,  D. C. In his anti-abortion video  180, released in
2011, Australian  filmmaker Ray Comfort told one  young woman who questioned

his views, Hitler declared Jews  as non-humans and that's what  you're saying
when you say that's  not a baby until three months.  Earlier this year, an email
newsletter  from Democratic New York  State Senator Ruben Diaz informed  his
constituents that Hitler was  pro-choice.

We have always said it is unacceptable,  it is insensitive, it belittles,  and
distorts, said Abraham  Foxman, national director of  the Anti-Defamation
League.  Holocaust trivialization is  rampant.

In Wichita, the abortion debate  has largely broken down on religious  lines,
with most of the city's  evangelical churches acting as  activist centers for
the rights of  the unborn. But the town's two  synagogues have stayed quiet on
the topic, though individual Jews  in Wichita have been active in the  abortion
rights movement.

Davis, the Reform rabbi, said that  the Jewish community was loath  to draw
attention to itself on an  issue known to drive some Wichita  activists to
harass opponents or   in the case of Tiller's murderer,  Scott Roeder  kill
them. Several  years ago, Davis conducted pastoral  work at Tiller's clinic for
Jewish  families seeking late-term abortions.  But though Davis was open  about
his views on abortion, he  never asked his congregation to  follow suit.

I think that some people are concerned  about the Jewish community  publicly
taking a controversial  political stand, especially in a place  like Wichita,
Kansas, where if you  do such a thing you get targeted,  he said.

Cynthia Stein, the president at  Ahavath-Achim, echoed this view.

Someone walked into a church  on a Sunday morning and shot  George Tiller, she
said. So am I  afraid? A little bit. When you are a  community of under 1,000
people  in a very conservative community  of 350,000 people, are you a little
concerned sometimes? Yes.

Holick, the spokesman for the  pro-life memorial, is a familiar  figure to many
Wichita Jews.  In 2008, he made national headlines  by writing on the marquee
outside his former church, Spirit  One Christian Center: AMERICA  WE HAVE A
MUSLIM PRESIDENT  THIS IS SIN AGAINST THE LORD!  In 2010, he was arrested for
loitering  outside of the Islamic Society  of Wichita where he was handing  out
pamphlets and DVDs with testimonies  of Muslims who converted  to Christianity.
After Tiller was  shot, the marquee on Spirit One  Christian Center read: GEORGE
TILLER HE DIED THE SAME  WAY HE LIVED.

This is par for the course for  him, Davis said of Holick's  planned pro-life
memorial.

In 2010, Holick's Spirit One  Christian Center folded into another  local
evangelical church, Word  of Life Ministries, which is providing  a 29-acre plot
of land in  Northwest Wichita for the memorial.  Holick said he will use his
former church's non-profit organization  to raise funds for the project,  which
he estimates will cost  between $20 and $40 million.

Holik has yet to launch his fundraising  campaign but said that  he and several
other pastors will  be reaching out to primarily  Christians and pro-lifers for
donations,  which he is currently accepting  through the project's Web site.

One major Wichita-based anti-abortion group, Operation Rescue,  cast doubt on
the viability of the  project. We have a memorial here  for the preborn at our
office but  it is not good enough for him  said Cheryl Sullenger, senior policy
advisor at Operation Rescue.  Frankly, no one has ever come  here and wanted to
reflect on the  baby they aborted.

When it is completed, the pro-life memorial will have three major  components:
The Western Wall; a  courtyard with the 60 crosses, and  a statue featuring a
family that had  an abortion, the figures in the Holy  Trinity, and a cross. The
facility will  likely include a crisis pregnancy  center, where women who are
considering  abortion can receive counseling.  The wall will mainly serve  as a
site for women to mourn their  aborted fetuses.

Holick is under no illusion that  copying the Western Wall  which  is about 187
feet wide by 105 feet  tall in the area reserved for the  public in Jerusalem
will be an  easy task. He said that the project's  founders may travel to Israel
for research and planning purposes.  Such a trip would mark his  own first time
in the Holy Land.  We will take the specs from the  Western Wall that exists and
try to  duplicate it to the best of our ability,  said Holick.

Davis said that it was premature  for the Jewish community  to respond to the
memorial, particularly  since it had yet to break  ground. I don't want to give
it  too much publicity by protesting it  before they have even raised money,  he
said. If it does get to that  point, I will make sure that everyone  is aware of
it and that we makea  stand not to participate in anyway.

But Holick said that he means  no harm to Wichita's Jews. Weunderstand  that
some Jews consider  it controversial, he said of thewall.  It is our hope that
it will beof  help to the Jewish people, likeit  is in Israel.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 3, 2012



CORRECTION: In the July 20 article Activists  Hope To Mourn Abortions at  Their
'Wailing Wall,' the number  of abortions represented  by the crosses on the
Wailing  Wall was inaccurate. The anti-abortion activists said that the  60
crosses would represent 1  million abortions each, not 10  million each.

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Mixed Metaphors:This artist's rendering of a proposed pro-life
memorialincludes a replica of the Western Wall (at right) and 60 crosses.;
COURTESY OF MARK HOLICK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 20, 2012 Monday
                                 First Edition

Time to put a lid on the constant refrain of putting a ring on it

BYLINE: Emma Young

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 693 words


W hat women want has long been of some concern. At various points in history the
question has taken different forms. When women wanted to have sex outside of
marriage they were tarnished with a scarlet letter; when women wanted to have a
go at healing wounds with locally grown and sustainable herbs they risked being
called witches; in the 21st century, when women don't want to get married
they're seen as a problem. As Beyonce said, put a ring on it.

Jennifer Aniston is finally doing her bit to stem the disappointment. The
actress, who divorced Brad Pitt in 2005, is now engaged to the actor, director
and screenwriter Justin Theroux. While many rumours have surrounded her romantic
life in the seven years since splitting from Pitt, this one has been confirmed.

"Justin Theroux had an amazing birthday present on Friday," according to an
official statement, "receiving an extraordinary gift when his girlfriend,
Jennifer Aniston, accepted his proposal of marriage."

USA Today greeted the news with the headline "Has Jennifer Aniston finally found
her happy ending?" The article then described Aniston as a woman who has it all,
"looks, talent, fame, fortune" and now her success is finally complete with the
heart and hand of an upwardly mobile and handsome man. Headlines of a similar
ilk abound on other newspaper and magazine websites. Happiness at last! The
single woman has a mate.

Aniston's status as a woman who ended her 30s and began her 40s in a state of
singledom has long concerned the tabloid world. While Brad made off with the
sultry and family-oriented Angelina Jolie, Jen was cast in a lonely light.

She became, according to the hype, one of the saddest women in America. Pitt
described her as "dull" as his ever-expanding brood of children with Jolie
gained pace. Tabloid magazines frequently featured the actress in cover articles
in which she was described time and again as lonely, sad, heartbroken and
single.

Throughout the years that Aniston was bemoaned for having no plus-one, it didn't
seem to matter that she had a successful career, a busy and enviable social life
and an exorbitant bank account. Flings with a series of men deemed to be
desirable by these same magazines (see Vince Vaughn, Gerard Butler and a
regrettable interlude with John Mayer, who took the chance to prove his
intellect is indeed far short of a wonderland) did little to placate fears for
her quality of life.

In a more rational light, Aniston's marriage news is great news for her. If
she's happy, and presumably she is, that's wonderful. But the reaction to this
news, and her life before it, is bad news for us as a group.

What the treatment of the film star reveals is our determination to stick to
old-school ideas about sex and gender. The worth of a woman has long been judged
by her ability to keep a man. Aniston was supposedly diminished by her failure
to keep Pitt and further damaged by her inability to replace him with a shiny
new man.

Because she's female, the idea that she might be content being single, dating
and living on her own wasn't taken seriously.

George Clooney, on the other hand, is only ever envied as a happy bachelor who
dates but doesn't marry, cherishes a pet pig and hangs out by Lake Como. What a
guy.

As the numbers of single women, single mothers and women not having children
have grown in the younger generations, the way these women are seen is key to
how we view ourselves as a society. To belittle them is to belittle a lot of
what we are supposed to have achieved for women and the renegotiation of family
values.

If we continue to view women in the old parameters we'll continue to be
disappointed because women, even Hollywood actresses, have expanded far beyond
the neat box we were once placed in.

The debate over having it all will go on; a fair contribution to that argument
would be a rejection of the idea that women have to be married to be happy.

The month that marks the passing of Helen Gurley Brown, the author of Sex and
the Single Girl and the woman who remade Cosmopolitan magazine, seems as good a
time as any to celebrate the single girl as much as we do the married one.

Emma Young is a freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Stephen Colbert's Occupy Wall Street Video a Hit With Conservative Bloggers
(Video)

BYLINE: Paul Bond

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 519  words


As the host of The Colbert Report on Comedy Central, Stephen Colbert lampoons
conservatives nightly. No surprise then that the Pew Research Center reportsthat
his audience skews wildly liberal. But a video mocking left-leaning Occupy Wall
Street protesters that aired on his show Halloween night is turning more
conservatives into fans, judging from their online reaction.

As the host of The Colbert Report on Comedy Central, Stephen Colbert lampoons
conservatives nightly. No surprise then that the Pew Research Center reports
that his audience skews wildly liberal. But a video mocking left-leaning Occupy
Wall Street protesters that aired on his show Halloween night is turning more
conservatives into fans, judging from their online reaction.

PHOTOS: Occupy Wall Street: Entertainers Who Have Visited the Protests

In the video, Colbert, dressed as Che Guevara in order to "blend in," hits New
York's Zuccotti Park to earn the trust of protesters and interview some of them.

PHOTOS: The Scene at Occupy Wall Street

Before a rainstorm (which he blames on Wall Street) encourages Colbert to climb
back into his limo, he snags a couple of "young idealists" - one who's named
Ketchup -- to interview back at his penthouse.

The protesters show Colbert their OWS hand signals and explain why they are not
exactly male and female but a "female-bodied person" and "male-bodied person."

They claim not to speak for the movement, even though their fellow protesters
chose them for the interview.

"Why am I talking to you two?" Colbert asks. (Video below).

PHOTOS: The Scene at Occupy Los Angeles

"They came to consensus within the press group that we would be two people who
would be good to talk to," says Ketchup. "But we're just here as autonomous
individuals."

The two protesters are articulate enough, though Colbert makes them look foolish
simply by reacting to their hard-left assertions. He also teases that there's a
Part 2 of the interview.

Some of the conservative websites that are highlighting the segment include Fox
Nation, Free Republic and Glenn Beck's The Blaze.

"I haven't liked Colbert much in skits I've seen him in, but he handled this in
a pretty humorous way," one commenter at the Blaze wrote.

"The truly funniest part is that there was a consensus that decided that these
two would best represent the OWS view on national TV," wrote another.

PHOTOS: 10 Entertainers Democrats and Republicans Love to Hate

"I don't usually like Colbert, but that was funny. He really did make them look
stupid," a commenter at Fox Nation wrote.

Colbert has been all over OWS in the past few weeks, sometimes with segments
that belittle the movement and sometimes with segments that belittle those who
are critical of OWS. And sometimes he does both simultaneously, like when he
mocked protesters for touting their "one demand" over and over though without
knowing yet what their one demand would be. That same segment featured Colbert,
in character as a stereotypical conservative talk-show host, criticizing liberal
protesters for being "drug-addled commune dwellers" then cutting to video of
normal-looking, eloquent college kids.


LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2011 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

READERS WRITE I do not value this architecture

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1232 words


U.S. BANK STADIUM

Admittedly, I am not a Vikings fan. Indeed, I most enjoy Sundays when the
Vikings are playing, because the city is mine. I obviously did not support using
tax dollars for the new stadium. Despite all of the pretty pictures from fancy
angles that the Star Tribune publishes, from the ground level or from the
highway, the stadium looks more like a big, black pole barn that is a blight on
the Minneapolis skyline. I thought I might speak out on behalf of others who
feel the same.

Richard Portnoy, Minneapolis

ILHAN OMAR

Her exciting primary win would have been even better with RCV

I'm elated but not surprised that my friend - progressive champion Ilhan Omar -
won her DFL primary election on Tuesday. She's exactly the positive, unifying
voice that Minnesota - and, frankly, the country - needs right now.

The fact that a little girl living in a refugee camp, dreaming of making a
kinder world for everyone, could grow up to lead a spectacularly diverse,
inclusive legislative campaign in Minnesota - and win! - is proof that our
democracy works.

But as Omar knows, it can work better in many ways.

One way: with a voting system - ranked-choice voting or RCV - that eliminates
vote-splitting, instead allowing communities of color to express support for
multiple candidates.

And RCV ensures consensus outcomes. Omar's 41 percent victory in a three-way
race was truly impressive - no other candidate could have topped it - but I'm
convinced it doesn't reflect the breadth of her support. Our clunky plurality
system deprived her of the majority mandate she and her bridge-building campaign
earned.

RCV would have allowed supporters of all three DFL candidates to identify a
second choice in the primary. It would have given voters more voice and more
power, and it would have given Omar a space to articulate common ground with
loyalists of both of her opponents - Mohamud Noor and state Rep. Phyllis Kahn.

If she wins in the November general election, as expected, Omar will unite her
district around her justice-driven agenda because she's a uniquely gifted and
inspiring leader. But she'll do it despite of a system that fosters division and
negative campaigning. Omar's ability to maintain her relentless positivity
throughout this race is a testament to how extraordinary she is.

Let's embrace a political reform that cultivates more Ilhan Omars and that
allows them - in rich, lively multicandidate races - to take office with a
mandate when they've earned it.

State Sen. Patricia Torres Ray, Minneapolis

The writer, a DFLer, represents District 63.

FREE TRADE

The larger concept and specific deals like TPP are not the same

D.J. Tice implies strongly that those against the Trans-Pacific Partnership and
other trade agreements since the 1990s, from all parts of the political
spectrum, are ignorant and trapped in a fortress mind-set ("Antiglobalism: A
bipartisan affliction," Aug. 7). Inadvertently or quite deliberately, Tice
decries lack of nuanced understanding of trade by completely ignoring the focus
- and nuance - in major arguments against these trade deals. He interchanges
"free trade" deals and foreign trade as if they are exactly the same thing; he
avoids entirely the arguments against those parts of these deals, particularly
the TPP, that give corporations major power and benefits that are all about
profits and control, rather than about "trade" - free or otherwise.

That is unfair of Tice, since corporations have worked doggedly in secret
negotiations to ensure that these deals include clauses that give pharmaceutical
companies new monopoly rights, limiting the ability of those subject to these
agreements (us, in other words) to benefit from lower-cost generic drug options.
He belittles the strenuous efforts of gas, oil and mining companies to ensure
that efforts to protect our planet from climate change cannot affect them.

Corporations have worked hard with government negotiators across three
administrations to move toward agreements that will allow them to assert
pre-eminent rights if local or national policies have even the potential to harm
their profits. Of course, since all parties to negotiations want to limit our
awareness of these anticompetitive and antidemocratic provisions, perhaps Tice
is aiding rather than belittling those efforts by completely ignoring such
provisions. He certainly belittles those fighting these agreements by ignoring
the real problems of these provisions. Rather than honestly presenting either
the agreements or major arguments against them, Tice drops all nuance to paint
all opposition to trade deals as "ignorant" or "incoherent." It is not, and the
TPP should be rejected.

Robert Frame, Minneapolis

DISNEY WORLD

In a well-lived life, theme park can coexist with national parks

I never understand why people like Susan Eich ("Our national parks: Way better
than Disney World," Aug. 7 Travel section) are so threatened by Disney World and
those who enjoy it. Every year, millions of kids and adults alike enjoy both
national parks and Disney World. Why does it always have to be an either/or
proposition for people like Eich? Different children enjoy different
experiences, and you never know what your kids might like until they try things.
Sadly, Eich has foisted her own prejudices and pretensions upon her children.
Who knows? Maybe they would have loved Disney World if given a chance to
experience it for themselves.

John Pickerill, Plymouth

· · ·

Like Eich, I have enjoyed many wonderful trips to our lovely national parks over
the years with my family. Both of my sons, along with my husband, are Eagle
Scouts, so you can imagine that we do indeed love the outdoors. In fact, each of
us has climbed Grand Teton in Wyoming. Truly a highlight for us!

However, going to the national parks is not better than Disney World; it is just
different. My family has also been lucky enough to have very special memories at
Disney. We have run marathons, have had lovely meals and have enjoyed many
outstanding activities. If you think Disney is just about Space Mountain or
Tomorrowland, then you don't know Disney. In fact, one of my sons was so touched
by Disney that he is now a cast member on the sales and marketing team at Hong
Kong Disneyland. For him, he is truly living his dream!

So please do not be narrow-minded and compare by saying one choice is better
than the other - please don't judge. Both are wonderful places, and both are
great choices to create special family memories that will last a lifetime.

Linda Wilson, Eden Prairie

THE 2016 CAMPAIGN

If it's not bias, why no reporting on Clinton's alarming ideas?

An Aug. 12 letter writer defends the Star Tribune and the media in general for
reporting what Donald Trump says: "They repeat what he said. This is called
journalism, not bias."

Why does this "journalism" not report words of Hillary Clinton? For example: In
a speech in April 2015 at the Women's World Summit in New York, she made the
breathtaking statement: "All the laws we've passed don't count for much if
they're not enforced. Rights have to exist in practice, not just on paper. Laws
have to be backed up with resources and political will. And deep-seated cultural
codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed."

How about having some journalist question Hillary about how she intends to use
government to change these "deep-seated religious beliefs?"

Gene Floersch, Richfield

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2009 Dickenson Law School. All Rights
                                   Reserved.
                             Penn State Law Review

                                   Fall, 2009

                           The Penn State Law Review

                            114 Penn St. L. Rev. 469

LENGTH: 5961 words

Article: Imagining Judges that Apply Law: How They Might Do It

NAME: James R. Maxeiner*

BIO: * Associate Professor of Law, University of Baltimore School of Law. J.D.
Cornell, LL.M. Georgetown, Ph. D. in Law (Dr. jur.) Ludwig Maximilian University
Munich. This essay is based on a presentation and submission to Panel 4:
Imagining New Structures of Civil Justice (Including a Comparative Review) of
the Common Good Forum "The Boundaries of Litigation, A Forum Addressing the
Alignment of Civil Justice with Social Goals," held at the Brookings
Institution, Washington DC, April 15, 2008, and commissioned by the Common Good
organization. The author would like to thank the Common Good organization and
Philip K. Howard for their support, as well as the other members of the panel,
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, Lord Leonard Hoffmann, Professor Gillian K.
Hadfield, Mr. Robert E. Litan, Professor Peter H. Schuck, Professor Anthony J.
Sebok, Professor Lars Tragardh and Judge John M. Walker. The views expressed are
those of the author.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... While well-drafted statutes often require judges to value individual
equities and find subjective facts such as state of mind, they minimize the use
of such decisions to the extent they can.  ... Most modern legal systems have a
central office responsible for the technical quality of statutes.  ... The
Tatbestand should include: the subject matter of the lawsuit, a detailed sketch
of the facts, but only insofar as is necessary to establish clearly the subject
of the lawsuit, the evidence offered by the parties, the applications of the
parties, relevant history of the lawsuit, and specific references to the file.
... It should not include: facts not necessary to the decision of the case,
party statements made in the proceedings that are no longer relevant, legal
arguments of the parties, statements of the law, or normative evaluations of the
facts.  ... The justification then proceeds to address systematically the
applicable rule, its elements and, if the judgment denies plaintiff's claims,
all rules that might support any of the claims.  ... We discuss here four of the
ways in which the Relationstechnik sets boundaries to litigation and keeps civil
justice aligned with social goals: (1) reviewing the complaint for plausibility
before serving; (2) case structuring through issue framing; (3) focusing witness
testimony; and (4) deferring issue deciding.  ... A properly substantiated
complaint includes all material documents in the plaintiff's possession,
designates all material documents in the possession of others, and identifies
the testimony on which the plaintiff plans to rely.  ... The judge's preliminary
review of the complaint impels plaintiffs' counsel to ground complaints in
existing law and in facts that counsel has a reasonable chance of proving.  ...
Where witness testimony is taken, framing issues helps focus and expedite the
testimony that is taken.

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract



"Judges should apply the law, not make it." That plea appears perennially in
American politics. American legal scholars belittle it as a simple-minded demand
that is silly and misleading. A glance beyond our shores dispels the notion that
the American public is naive to expect judges to apply rather than to make law.



American obsession with judicial lawmaking has its price: indifference to
judicial law applying. If truth be told, practically we have no method for
judges, as a matter of routine, to apply law to facts. Our failure leads
American legal scholars to question whether applying law to facts is a necessary
feature of civil procedure at all.



German civil justice does have a method for routinely applying law to facts. It
is called, in German, the "Relationstechnik," that is, in English, literally
"relationship technique." This article introduces it to American lawyers and
judges and shows how it helps make German civil justice effective.

 TEXT:
 [*470]
 "Judges should apply the law, not make it." That plea appears perennially in
American politics. n1 American legal scholars belittle it as a "simple-minded
demand" n2 that is "silly and misleading." n3 It is, they suggest, a product of
lay naivete. "Every lawyer knows that judges make law - it's their job." n4 That
the plea finds resonance, however, is symptomatic of a popular perception of
misalignment of civil justice with social goals. If law is not applied, but is
left to judges to be made, it cannot be the expression of the people's social
goals that it should be. n5

   A glance beyond our shores dispels the notion that the American public is
naive to expect judges to apply rather than to make law. An Englishman, H.L.A.
Hart, reminded U.S. jurists that "conventional legal  [*471]  thought in all
countries conceives as the standard judicial function the impartial application
of determinant existing rules in the settlement of disputes." n6 Nowhere, except
perhaps here in the United States, has the recognition that some judges,
sometimes, make law, shaken the conventional idea that the standard function of
civil litigation is applying law to facts. And even here, that shaken faith is a
relatively recent development.

   American obsession with judicial lawmaking has its price: indifference to
judicial law applying. We use our methods of applying law to facts - e.g., jury
trials, summary judgments, and complaint screening - haphazardly rather than
routinely. We rely on the parties' lawyers to determine the subject for decision
rather than on judges. We depend upon those parties, rather than on courts, to
invoke mechanisms for deciding. As a result, trials are vanishing, summary
judgment motions are sporadic, and complaints are rarely reviewed by courts
before service. It is said of American civil justice that the "highest goal is
for courts not to apply law to facts." n7

   If truth be told, practically we have no method for judges, as a matter of
routine, to apply law to facts. Our abject failure leads American legal scholars
to question whether applying law to facts is a necessary feature of civil
procedure at all. In their view, process and participation in the process are
primary; decisions that determine rights according to law are secondary, at
best, and impossible to achieve, at worst.

   The Common Good Forum on the "Boundaries of Litigation" held last year at The
Brookings Institution challenged us to "Imagine New Structures of Civil
Procedure." How can we do that? "Imagining" truly new structures of civil
procedure is a daunting challenge beyond any one person's capabilities. One way
that we can imagine new systems without stretching our imaginations beyond the
breaking point is to observe other legal systems.

   In this essay I discuss the German method of judicial application of law to
facts. Our two societies and our two legal systems are sufficiently similar to
make their experiences mutually relevant and informative. Above all, the two
systems of civil justice are united by a common goal: "the fair, accurate and
efficient vindication of private rights and interests based on the existing
legal, political and social order." n8

    [*472]  German civil justice does have a method for routinely applying law
to facts. It is called, in German, the "Relations-technik," that is, in English,
literally "relationship technique." n9 In this essay I introduce it to American
lawyers and judges. After a brief presentation of the Relationstechnik, I show
how it helps keep German civil justice - as Philip Howard might say - "sane,"
n10 by guiding litigation.

   The Relationstechnik of Applying Law to Facts

 The syllogism is the basis of the Relationstechnik: the legal rule is the major
premise, the facts are the minor premise, and the judicial decision is the
logical conclusion. The Relationstechnik is taught to all future German judges
and lawyers in court-provided training that takes place after conclusion of
their university studies. The Relationstechnik is a product of more than a
century of judicial practice.

   Two "bookends" of the Relationstechnik guide judges in applying law to facts:
the legislatively-promulgated statute (das Gesetz) and the judicially written
judgment (das Urteil).

   The statute is the fundamental concept of all German law. German statutes
take the form of syllogistic norms. The major premise is that a legal
consequence prescribed by statute applies when a generally described state of
facts is present. The minor premise is that a particular state of facts fulfills
the statutorily prescribed state of facts.

   The Relationstechnik works best when statutes in substance and form are good.
Bad statutes make bad decisions. When statutes reflect prevailing conceptions of
justice, the Relationstechnik is spared the tension of choosing between
statutory rules and justice. n11 When statutes are well drafted, the
Relationstechnik functions smoothly; hard cases are few, and easy cases are
many.

    [*473]  Well-drafted statutes coordinate well with each other. Well-drafted
statutes make clear who may invoke them and what the consequences of their
invocation are. Well-drafted statutes, to the extent possible, have judges find
objective facts rather than make subjective valuings. Well-drafted statutes do
not expect judges to make political or other social policy decisions. While
well-drafted statutes often require judges to value individual equities and find
subjective facts such as state of mind, they minimize the use of such decisions
to the extent they can. When they cannot avoid such decisions, they guide those
decisions by setting boundaries and by giving examples.

   Statutes are not drafted well by accident. Most modern legal systems have a
central office responsible for the technical quality of statutes. In Germany,
preparation and perpetuation of good legislation is the raison d'etre of the
Federal Ministry of Justice. n12 In that work, the Ministry engages some of the
land's the best-qualified jurists: former appellate judges.

   While statutes guide law application, judgments validate their correct
application. Judgments have four parts: (1) a caption that identifies the
parties and the lawsuit ("Rubrum"); (2) a statement of the decision and of the
relief ordered ("Tenor"); (3) a Tatbestand; n13 and (4) the grounds for decision
("Entscheidungsgrunde"), hereafter referred to as the "justification." All four
parts are subject to strict rules as to style. The first two parts need no
explanation; the last two do.

   The Tatbestand is a short statement of the parties' legal claims and of their
assertions of fact. It is not a finding of facts and thus is not an analogue to
the findings of fact of an American bench decision. The Tatbestand should
include: the subject matter of the lawsuit, a detailed sketch of the facts, but
only insofar as is necessary to establish clearly the subject of the lawsuit,
the evidence offered by the parties, the applications of the parties, relevant
history of the lawsuit, and specific references to the file. It should not
include: facts not necessary to the  [*474]  decision of the case, party
statements made in the proceedings that are no longer relevant, legal arguments
of the parties, statements of the law, or normative evaluations of the facts.

   The justification applies law to facts. It determines the facts of the
Tatbestand and subsumes them under the abstract elements of the applicable
rules. The process of applying law to facts is not a mechanical act of mindless
processing, but a mindful act of creative evaluation.

   The justification follows a format that in clarity and brevity facilitates
understanding. It begins by stating the result of the lawsuit and by identifying
the determinative legal rule. It confirms or denies that the plaintiff's claim
is permissible under procedural law and well-founded in substantive law. For
example, a typical justification might begin: "The plaintiff's action is in all
respects permissible and well-founded. Pursuant to § 488 Paragraph 1 Sentence 2
of the Civil Code the plaintiff has a right arising from the loan agreement of
December 12, 2007, to repayment of the loan of euro 75,000."

   The justification then proceeds to address systematically the applicable
rule, its elements and, if the judgment denies plaintiff's claims, all rules
that might support any of the claims. For each element of the rule, insofar as
necessary, the justification clarifies the legal definition of the element as it
relates to the particular case. Here the justification may interpret the
applicable statute, but only to the extent directly relevant to determining
whether the facts in the present case fulfill the elements of the statutory
norm. Abstract discussions of law have no place.

   The justification then tells the factual story of the case. It focuses on
those facts material to decision of the case. Immaterial facts have no place in
the justification except as is necessary to understand the court's decision. The
justification starts from undisputed facts. Where facts are disputed, the
justification evaluates the evidence that leads the court to decide as it does.
The justification does not discuss burden of proof other than with respect to
material facts in dispute.

   Once the justification has clarified material and disputed facts, it subsumes
those facts under the identified and clarified rule.

   The judgment certifies that the procedure has fulfilled constitutional
guarantees. These guarantees include that every exercise of state power has been
justified by and grounded in statute, that the parties were heard, and that the
parties received equal treatment under law. The judgment is an act of an
impartial and impersonal public authority furnishing the  [*475]  official and
objective interpretation and application of law. n14 It helps parties understand
why the court decided as it did. Ideally it convinces losing parties that the
outcome is legally correct; at a minimum, it demonstrates that the process was
rational.

   The German Judgment as "Narrative"

 Recent American writing on civil procedure conceptualizes contemporary American
trials as a form of narrative, or more accurately, as a form of presentation of
"two competing narratives ... where an "either-or' choice will have to be made."
The narrative is how we "actually organize and analyze the vast amounts of
information involved in making a legal judgment." n15 In this terminology, the
German judgment is the narrative of German civil proceedings.

   The difference between German and American proceedings narrative-wise is that
the German judgment presents "the standard narrative historiography, where there
exists a single account of events ...," while contemporary American proceedings
present two fully formed and competing narratives at trial that have been
developed pretrial. No wonder, then, that German civil procedure is more
efficient than is its American counterpart; where American proceedings write two
screenplays and produce both screenplays jointly in one trial, German civil
procedure records only one report for posterity and does not even bother to
dramatize it. While the German cinema is poorer for the paucity of scripts, the
German legal system is richer in determinations of right.

   The efficiency of German civil procedure does not end in it making one
unproduced screenplay do where American procedures create and produce two. The
monopoly position of the German narrative avoids the excesses of competing
narratives. The German narrative focuses on that which is legally material. It
does not battle for the reader's imagination. It does not bring into its story
legally immaterial, but humanly appealing, detail. It does not leave out legally
material matters that do not contribute to its justification. It is concerned
with the validity of its conclusions. It has no cause to seek deconstruction of
a competing version of events on grounds unrelated to the validity of those
conclusions.

    [*476]  The writer of the narrative in German civil procedure is the judge.
The judge is assigned the task to write the story of whether the plaintiff has
established facts that fulfill all of the elements of a statutory right. The
parties provide the judge with the materials the judge needs for that work. The
goal of their cooperation is a decision according to law. The individual
elements required by statute to establish a claim are the "spectacles" through
which the judge views the case. What the judge can see through the spectacles
matters; everything else is immaterial. n16

   The "sporting theory of justice" is no model for German court proceedings;
there is no trial by battle between competing champions. There is little
theater, ceremony is sparing, courtrooms are modest and judges preside from an
altitude of a few inches rather than from a height of a couple of feet. Parties
and their attorneys talk directly with the judge and with each other. The
atmosphere is more cooperative and less confrontational than that of their
American counterparts. German court proceedings resemble joint projects such as
assembling a jigsaw puzzle, completing a crossword puzzle or conducting a
scavenger hunt. The principal difference between these joint activities and
German court proceedings is that in court one party wants to establish that one
piece is necessarily missing!

   The Relationstechnik as Guide to Applying Law to Facts

 The Relationstechnik bounds legal proceedings without strait-jacketing them. It
avoids the two extremes of American civil procedure: the single-issue focus of
historic common law special pleading and the legally unfocused narrative of
contemporary notice pleading. It brings about issue narrowing without cutting
off the right to be heard. The "golden rule" of German civil justice is that
there are no surprise decisions. n17 We discuss here four of the ways in which
the Relationstechnik sets boundaries to litigation and keeps civil justice
aligned with social goals: (1) reviewing the complaint for plausibility before
serving; (2) case structuring through issue framing; (3) focusing witness
testimony; and (4) deferring issue deciding.

[*477]

   (1) Reviewing the Complaint for Plausibility before Serving

 The Relationstechnik together with the cost system n18 help keep lawsuits that
are unfounded in fact or law or that are procedurally defective from being
served on, and thus from disturbing, potential defendants. The plaintiff begins
a lawsuit by filing a complaint with the court. Before the court serves the
complaint on the defendant, it assigns the case to a judge who makes a
preliminary review of the complaint for procedural prerequisites and other
patent deficiencies. Already at this stage the Relationstechnik anticipates the
judgment that is to come. The plaintiff must plead a case that has a plausible
chance of success. While the plaintiff need not plead the legal basis on which
the complaint rests, the plaintiff must plead facts upon which relief could be
granted. Moreover, the plaintiff must plead the proof that the plaintiff intends
to rely upon to prove the factual assertions, i.e., the plaintiff must
"substantiate" the complaint's factual allegations. A properly substantiated
complaint includes all material documents in the plaintiff's possession,
designates all material documents in the possession of others, and identifies
the testimony on which the plaintiff plans to rely. It should state the facts so
exactly that, based on the information provided, the court could determine that
the claimed legal relief should be granted.

   The judge's preliminary review of the complaint impels plaintiffs' counsel to
ground complaints in existing law and in facts that counsel has a reasonable
chance of proving. The expectation of preliminary review helps deter frivolous
complaints. Yet that review should not deter many meritorious complaints, since
plaintiffs do not plead at their peril.

   Should the judge have concerns about whether the procedural prerequisites are
met, or about whether the complaint sufficiently substantiates the factual
allegations, the judge is to direct the plaintiff to clarify the point before
dismissing the case. n19 Moreover, while it is the plaintiff's responsibility to
plead the facts, it is up to the judge to know the law and to identify the
applicable legal rule. In Germany, as in other civil law countries, the maxims
jura novit curia (the court knows the law) and da mihi factum, dabo tibi ius
(give me the facts, I will give you the law) apply. So long as there is any
legal rule that would support relief on the facts alleged, the judge is to
direct service of the complaint. The plaintiff's incorrect choice of rule is of
no moment.

    [*478]  Once the judge directs service and the defendant is served, the
defendant is required to answer the complaint. The defendant's answer is subject
to requirements similar to those governing the complaint: it must be true,
complete, specific, and substantiated.

   (2) Case Structuring through Issue Framing

 Coincident with the preliminary review, the judge determines how the case is to
proceed further, whether the case will use additional written proceedings or
will use a so-called early first hearing. The judge's choice is purely
pragmatic; the judge selects the method that the judge thinks is most likely to
be more efficient in the case. A party dissatisfied with the choice may request
that the judge use the other method, in which case the party should state why
the party believes that the other method would be more efficient. The
determinant of efficiency is ordinarily which method is more likely to simplify
and hasten framing of the material and disputed issues. The judges with whom I
have spoken have told me that most judges prefer an early oral hearing in
contested cases.

   Prior to the first hearing, or the exchange of further written pleadings, as
the case may be, the judge is required to prepare for the future proceedings.
Preparations may include: (1) directing the parties to supplement their
pleadings, (2) directing government authorities to provide information and
documents, (3) ordering the personal appearance of the parties, (4) summoning
witnesses named by a party to the hearing, and (5) ordering the production of
documents or tangible things and making premises available for observation. In
some cases, based on these preparations, it is possible to resolve the entire
case at the first hearing.

   In this stage the judge structures the lawsuit without finally deciding
anything. The judge works with the parties to identify those issues that both
are material to plaintiff's claims and that are in dispute. This early
structuring of the case through issue framing plays an important role in keeping
German civil justice within bounds. It identifies the legal rules under
consideration for application, the elements of those rules, and the evidence
necessary to establish the elements of each rule. The judge points out
weaknesses to the parties in their particular claims and inquires of them how
they plan to meet those claims.

   Structuring the case and framing issues not only guides the judge in
subsequent consideration of the case, it also helps the parties reach a
settlement of the case more expeditiously and reasonably. The parties can see
which rules will determine the decision and which facts are  [*479]  needed.
Some judges told me that they consider structuring one of their most important
judicial duties.

   To an American accustomed to very formal exchanges between judge and counsel,
the early first hearing to clarify issues is remarkable. By American standards,
these hearings are intensely interactive, comparatively cooperative, and
informal. n20 They resemble American pretrial conferences more than American
trials. They differ from American pretrial conferences, however, in important
ways. Most remarkable from an American perspective is the role of the parties.
Typically the judge summons the parties themselves to the early first hearing
and speaks directly with them. These hearings are neither American-style
discovery nor American-style trial. n21 Their focus is on identifying material
issues of fact that are actually in dispute between the parties; it is not on
uncovering unknown facts, or on proving known ones, or on possible presentation
of a narration later. n22 The judge probes the potential claims and the facts
needed to support the claims. In essence, the judge turns to the concerned party
and the party's attorney and asks: "Now on this issue are you seriously going to
dispute the fact?"

   What prevents the party or the party's attorney from responding: so let the
other side prove it? The German Code of Civil Procedure ("ZPO"). ZPO § 138
imposes on parties a duty of cooperation in clarifying the issues in the case.
ZPO § 138(1) requires the parties to give their declarations concerning factual
circumstances completely and truthfully; ZPO § 138(2) requires that they state
their positions with respect to the facts asserted by the opponent. These
discussions are not evidentiary. They do not constitute taking testimony of the
parties. They amount to clarification of the factual assertions of the parties
that are necessary for the eventual application of the law to the facts. ZPO §
138(3) provides that an asserted fact will be treated as admitted if the other
party is silent and fails to contest it. ZPO § 138(4) provides that only in
limited circumstances does a declaration of lack of knowledge serve to put a
matter in dispute. Moreover, ZPO § 138(2) is interpreted  [*480]  to require
that a mere denial of fact is not sufficient to put a fact in dispute. A party
in most cases must explicitly contest the fact asserted, and if the fact
asserted is known or could be known to the party, then the party must
substantiate its contrary contention with facts known to it. Thus, if in the
course of the hearing or in the pleadings, one party admits a fact asserted by
the other, there is no need to prove the fact. In relatively short order the
judge can inform the parties of the applicable legal rules and get their
agreement on which matters of fact are material to those rules and are in
dispute.

   (3) Focusing Witness Testimony

 Thanks to such structuring, many cases conclude without oral testimony of
witnesses ever being necessary. Judges I spoke with estimated that this may be
true of well more than half of all cases filed. Where witness testimony is
taken, framing issues helps focus and expedite the testimony that is taken.

   When it comes to taking the testimony of witnesses, German civil justice is
just-in-time justice. The judge takes evidence only on party request and only
after the judge so orders. n23 The judge is to order taking evidence only when
necessary to convince the judge of the truth or untruth of a particular fact
that is disputed by the parties and that is material to the judge's decision of
the case. Thus, the judge should not take evidence to prove undisputed facts,
facts generally known to the judge, facts presumed by statute to be true until
the contrary is proven, favorable facts established by the other party's
submissions, disputed main facts established by undisputed facts, disputed facts
the truth of which the judge is convinced of without taking evidence, and facts
not necessary for the judgment (e.g., two alternatives for granting relief are
allowed and one is already acknowledged).

   The judge's control of evidence taking does not, however, prevent parties
from insisting on taking evidence that they believe is relevant to deciding
material issues in dispute. German judges told me that one of the surest ways to
ensure that a lower court is reversed on appeal is to reject an application to
take evidence without strong justification. Such refusal counts as a violation
of the judge's ZPO § 139 duty of elucidation discussed in the next subsection.

[*481]

   (4) Deferring Final Decision of Issues

 Case structuring and issue framing work as powerful tools for promoting
efficient conduct of civil justice because German judges can and do defer final
decisions of individual aspects of cases until they are prepared to decide the
case as a whole. German judges decide no issues before their time. n24 The
critical moment in a German lawsuit is how law applies to facts as of the last
oral hearing. German parties do not have to commit irrevocably early in the
lawsuit to a single theory of the case. While judges are authorized to reject
evidence for being offered too late, and often do that, their enthusiasm for
such expediting measures is tempered by their ever-present ZPO § 139 duty of
elucidation which assures the parties their constitutional right to be heard
guaranteed by the German Constitution. n25 ZPO § 139 is a far-reaching
prescription that the judge thoroughly discuss all aspects of the case with the
parties. It completely rules out trial by ambush. ZPO § 139(2) requires that the
judge call to a party's attention and give the party an opportunity to comment
on any non-trivial issue that the party has apparently overlooked or has
considered insignificant or where the judge's understanding of the point of fact
or law differs from the understanding of the parties.

   German civil procedure seeks in this way to sequence issue deciding in a
manner that is both efficient and just. In many cases, the applicable legal rule
can not simply be read from the statute. Instead, it is often it necessary to
search the statute for the rule, to compare the rule to the facts, to revisit
the statute in light of the facts, and to examine the facts again in light of
the rules. This process of going back and forth was identified in the first part
of the twentieth century and has since assumed a place in the description of law
application in Germany. n26

   American Reflections on the German Relationstechnik

 The ideals that undergird the German Relationstechnik are no strangers to
American civil justice. For much of the 20th century the Canons of Judicial
Ethics of the American Bar Association stated as a tenet of the rule of the law
that the judge's "duty is the application of  [*482]  general law to particular
instances." n27 The idea that civil procedure should guide deciding anchored our
civil justice system throughout the 19th century. Stephen on Pleading, the most
often printed of all one volume treatises on civil procedure of that century,
famously begins: "In the course of administering justice between litigating
parties there are two successive objects, - to ascertain the subject for
decision, and to decide." n28 Proponents of narrative litigation acknowledge
that even today the received view of the American trial describes an underlying
substance n29 that seems to me scarcely different from the Relationstechnik: (1)
construct an accurate, value-free account of what occurred, (2) fairly
categorize whether that account fits within the substantive law, and (3) deliver
a verdict that the party with the burden of proof has established each of the
elements of the claim.

   American civil procedure has, however, never enjoyed the success of the
German Relationstechnik. It has swung from one extreme to the other - from
allowing parties to dispute only one point of law or fact, as was the case in
common law special pleading, to allowing parties to put forth all manner of
claims constrained only slightly by statutory law. To keep the trial in bounds
and to prevent unfair surprise, special pleading precluded parties from
addressing all but one issue. To remedy the ills that followed from premature
issue narrowing, the system introduced contemporary discovery to assure that
parties did not narrow issues with incomplete knowledge. But the cure was worse
than the ill; few cases can support complete discovery.

   The inability of American civil procedure to narrow issues without cutting
off consideration of matters later found to be material has rendered American
civil procedure a failure. Contemporary American  [*483]  civil justice cannot
do efficiently and justly that which the public rightly expects of it: apply law
to facts to determine rights.

   Common law special pleading and contemporary discovery have one thing in
common: both rely on the good will of the parties' attorneys to narrow the
issues. Problematic in any system, such an approach is especially dubious in an
adversary system, particularly in an adversary system such as has developed in
the United States, where the bar is diverse and open rather than limited and
closed as it had been in England.

   When the nineteenth century reformers contemplated abolition of common law
pleading, some also contemplated shifting responsibility for issue narrowing
from the parties to a neutral magistrate as in classical Roman law. Aware of the
possibility, but apparently not familiar with a working system of such
narrowing, they hesitated to import a "foreign style of architecture." Instead,
they chose to try first to "build with old materials and after the old
fashions." n30 They tried. April 12, 2008, was the 160th anniversary of New York
legislature's adoption of the Field Code. It is still the symbolic cornerstone
of the rickety system we have today. Six generations of failure are enough; it
is time for change. Knowledge of German Relationstechnik should inform that
change. n31


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureCounselGeneral OverviewCivil ProcedureSummary JudgmentAppellate
ReviewGeneral OverviewGovernmentsCourtsJudges

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Compare 2 The Works of James Wilson 502 (Robert Green McCloskey ed., 1967)
(1804) ("Every prudent and cautious judge ... will remember, that his duty and
his business is, not to make the law, but to interpret and apply it.") with
Press Release, George W. Bush, President Announces Judge John Roberts as Supreme
Court Nominee, (July 19, 2005), available at
http://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/2005/07/20050719-7.html
("He will strictly apply the Constitution and laws, not legislate from the
bench.").





n2.  John J. Flynn, "Making Law" and "Finding Facts" - Unavoidable Duties of an
Independent Judiciary, Utah B.J., Aug. 6, 2005, at 6, 7, available at
http://www.utahbar.org/barjournal/pdf/2005_july_august.pdf.





n3.  Erwin Chemerinsky & Catherine Fisk, Judges Do Make Law - It's Their Job,
USA Today, August 24, 2005, at 11A.





n4.  Id.





n5.  See, e.g., Justice Stephen J. Breyer, A Conversation on the Relevance of
Foreign Law for American Constitutional Adjudication with U.S. Supreme Court
Justices Antonin Scalia & Stephen Breyer (Jan. 13, 2005) (transcript available
at
http://domino.american.edu/AU/media/mediarel.nsf/1D265343BDC2189785256B810071F23
8/1F2F7DC4757FD01E85256F890068E6E0?OpenDocument) ("The judge is to apply the
law... . Remember, a judge is a person who's been entrusted in a democratic
society with power, although that judge is not elected. So if in fact you give
judges too many open-ended procedures, rules and practices, what you will
discover is that a man, a woman who suddenly has this power, for better or for
worse, maybe unconsciously, maybe not even wanting to, will substitute her
judgment, his judgment, for the judgment of the legislature. And that's wrong in
a democracy.").





n6.  H.L.A. Hart, American Jurisprudence Through English Eyes: The Nightmare and
the Noble Dream, 11 Ga. L. Rev. 969, 971 (1977).





n7.  Stephen N. Subrin, How Equity Conquered Common Law: The Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure in Historical Perspective, 135 U. Pa. L. Rev. 909, 989 (1987).





n8.  Peter L. Murray & Rolf Sturner, German Civil Justice 575 (2004).





n9.  The Relationstechnik is little discussed in English. To my knowledge, until
2004, the only work was Walter O. Weyrauch, The Art of Drafting Judgments: A
Modified German Case Method, 9 J. Legal Educ. 311 (1957). For two recent works,
see also Christoph Engel, The Impact of Representation Norms on the Quality of
Judicial Decisions 16 (Max Planck Inst. for Research on Collective Goods,
Working Paper No. 2004/13, 2004), available at
http://www.mpp-rdg.mpg.de/pdf_dat/2004_13online.pdf; Lutz-Christian Wolff,
Structured Problem Solving: German Methodology from a Comparative Perspective,
14 Legal Educ. Rev. 19 (2003-2004), available at
http://www.ler.edu.au/pdf/volumes/ler_vol14_1_2003_04.pdf. The paucity of
English-language treatments may be attributed to the fact that the method is
principally taught at the courts in the practical training period of German
legal education rather than in the university law faculty.





n10.  See Philip K. Howard, Making Civil Justice Sane, City Journal, Spring
2006, at 64.





n11.  Article 20(3) of the German Constitution binds judicial decisions to
"statute and justice" (Gesetz und Recht). Grundgesetz [GG] [Constitution] art.
20(3) (F.R.G.).





n12.  The Ministry's website identifies its central mission: "Law constitutes
the foundation of our free democracy. Guaranteeing the rule of law and pursuing
further refinements in this area is a central task of legal policy, and thus
also of the Federal Ministry of Justice. The legislative work undertaken by the
Ministry pursues this objective, and encompasses the preparation of new
legislation as well as the amendment or repeal of existing laws."
http://www.bmj.bund.de/enid/9f0ca456efff7ed197073e2dd5d372a5,0/Ministry/Structur
e_and_Organisation_14p.html.





n13.  Tatbestand is a legal term which has no single English translation.
Depending upon the context in which it appears, a different English translation
is appropriate. In this essay, Tatbestand refers to a specific part of a German
judgment that is so designated. There is no formal counterpart to the Tatbestand
in an American judgment. To avoid inducing a false understanding, it is left
here in the original German. Readers should note that this meaning is different
from the Tatbestand of German criminal law, which might be translated "elements
of the offense."





n14.  See Reinhard Zimmermann, Characteristic Aspects of German Legal Culture,
in 1 Introduction to German Law, 26-27 (Mathias Reimann & Joachim Zekoll eds.,
2005).





n15.  Robert P. Burns, The Distinctiveness of the Trial Narrative, in 1 The
Trial on Trial: Truth and Due Process 157 (Anthony Duff et al., eds., 2004).





n16.  Joachim Hruschka, Die Konstitution des Rechtsfalles: Studien zum
Verhaltnis von Tatsachenfeststellung und Rechtsanwendung 23-24 (1965).





n17.  Helmut Rubetamann, Grundregeln der Relationstechnik (Jan. 14, 2005),
http://ruessmann.jura.uni-sb.de/zpo2004/Vorlesung/relationstechnik.htm.





n18.  In Germany, the loser pays. Zivilprozessordnung [ZPO][Civil Procedure
Statute] Jan. 30, 1877, § 91, P 1.





n19.  See Michael Bohlander, The German Advantage Revisited: An Inside View of
German Civil Procedure in the Nineties, 13 Tul. Eur. & Civ. L.F. 25, 33 (1998);
Murray & Sturner, supra note 8, at 210.





n20.  Murray and Sturner describe them at some length. Murray & Sturner, supra
note 8, at 256-59.





n21.  See, e.g., Thomas D. Rowe, Jr., American Law Institute Study on Paths to a
"Better Way": Litigation Alternatives, and Accommodation: Background Paper, 1989
Duke L.J. 824, 854 n.109 (incorrectly so characterizing the hearing).





n22.  Cf. Frederick D. Wells, A Justice Factory, Justice Through Simplified
Legal Procedure, 73 Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci. 196, 202 (1917):



   The court could practically say: "Now on this issue are you seriously going
to dispute the fact? As a reasonable man, are you denying it?" If he answers
"Perhaps it is so, but, let the other side prove it," it ought to be possible
for the court to throw his technical objections out of the window.







n23.  John Langbein has written eloquently of The German Advantage in Civil
Procedure, 52 U. Chi. L. Rev. 823 (1985). His main theme is that "by assigning
judges rather than lawyers to investigate the facts, the Germans avoid the most
troublesome aspects of our practice." Id. at 824. His article led to a flurry of
discussion that has continued over twenty years. A recent review can be found in
Bradley Bryan, Justice and Advantage in Civil Procedure: Langbein's Conception
of Comparative Law and Procedural Justice in Question, 11 Tulsa J. Comp. & Int'l
L. 521, 523 (2004).





n24.  Paul Masson advertising slogan "We will sell no wine before its time."
See, e.g., Paul Masson Commercial Featuring Orson Welles, available at
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpj0t2ozPWY (last visited Sept. 19, 2009).





n25.  Grundgesetz [GG] [Constitution] art.103 (F.R.G.).





n26.  See Oskar Hartwieg & Hans Albrecht Hesse: Die Entscheidung im
Zivilprozess: ein Studienbuch uber Methode, Rechtsgefuhl und Routine in
Gutachten und Urteil 78-79 (1981) (Die Lehre vom Pendelblick).





n27.  Canons of Judicial Ethics, Canon 20 (1924). From 1924 to 1972 the American
Bar Association's Canon 20 provided:



   A judge should be mindful that his duty is the application of general law to
particular instances, that ours is a government of law and not of men, and that
he violates his duty as a minister of justice under such a system if he seeks to
do what he may personally consider substantial justice in a particular case and
disregards general law as he knows it to be binding on him.

 Id. These canons remained in force until the Code of Judicial Conduct was
adopted August 16, 1972. Model Code of Judicial COnduct Preface (1990).





n28.  Henry John Stephen, A Treatise on the Principles of Pleading in Civil
Actions 1 (Philadelphia, Abraham Small, 1824). The first American edition
appeared in the year of the first edition in London, 1824. Before the Civil War,
there were six subsequent editions by Francis J. Troubat. After the Civil War
there were many more editions by different editors, among them one by that icon
of the common law, Samuel Williston in 1895. Other editions included those by
Franklin Fiske Heard (1867), Samuel Tyler (multiple editions from 1871 to 1919),
and James DeWitt Andrews (multiple editions 1894-1901). It was epitomized in
other books. It was the 19th century American guide to common law pleading. The
last American edition appeared in 1924.





n29.  Burns, supra note 15.





n30.  See, e.g., Report of the Commissioners Appointed To Revise and Reform the
Proceedings in the Court of Justice in this Commonwealth (1851), reprinted in 2
A Memoir of Benjamin Robbins Curtis with Some of His Professional and
Miscellaneous Writing 159 (Benjamin R. Curtis, Jr. ed., 1879).





n31.  The acceptance of special pleading in 19th century America dispels the
idea that present-day story-writing procedures are mandated by the
constitutional requirement of trial by jury. All that the Constitution requires
is a jury trial of disputed issues of material fact. For the place of the
Relationstechnik in German civil procedure generally, see James R. Maxeiner,
Gyooho Lee & Armin Weber, Practical Global Civil Procedure: United States,
Germany & Korea (forthcoming 2010).


                              114 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 31, 1998, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Readers standing up for Apple and the iMac

BYLINE: DAVE GUSSOW

SECTION: BUSINESS; TECH TIMES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 473 words



From Tech Times mail (snail, voice or e-, as the case may be):

Several of the Mac faithful quickly responded to recent coverage of the new
iMac:

The lead on the cover and the title of the article (Aug. 10) were  misleading.
The reference of the "step back for Apple" implied that they  were not making a
good move.

Why does Business Times and Tech Times seem to go out of the way to  belittle
Apple Computer?

The cover headline said: "The iMac review is in; It's not perfect - but  it's a
step back for Apple." The headline inside said: "iMac a (very) small  step back
for Apple Computer; The beleaguered company's effort to re-enter the  consumer
market is a bold change - but it won't save the company on its own."

I confess that I didn't interpret the headlines the same way as our  unhappy
reader, although, in retrospect, we probably could have been more  clear.

Use of "beleaguered" in the subheadline also touched a nerve with the  second
writer, who pointed out Apple's three straight profitable quarters.  Apple's
recent performance has indeed been upbeat, and maybe we should have  left
"beleaguered" out.

I don't think we "belittle" Apple, and in fact we have worked hard to  keep a
Mac presence in the section.

I think your little comparison shopping inset chart (Aug. 18) on the iMac  was a
little misleading. The Compaq 300 MHz PC is not even in the same  category of
the iMac. I suggest you read up on the processor specs before  comparing Apples
to Lemons.

The reader referred me to an Apple Computer news release (www.apple.com); I
referred him to a June 3 PC Magazine test (www.pcmag.com) of Apple's ad claims
on its G3 processor speed. Part of the magazine's conclusions said "the G3's
performance may or may not be faster than that of comparable Wintel platforms.
It all depends upon the application and function." The reader preferred the
news release information; I think the chart was okay.

Your article about the Suncoast Free-Net (July 27) has me ready to pull my  hair
out.

Whoa! Hold on to your hair! The frustrated reader had tried for two days to
sign up by computer. We had directed readers to the place to go, by modem, for
that information. Step-by-step directions were there, but she couldn't get  that
far and wanted it in the paper. Libraries are there for a reason, and  checking
with one first when you had problems probably would have saved you  time and a
hassle.

Just how does someone land a cushy gig like writing about computers and the
Internet? Some guys have all the luck, I suppose.

Shhhh. The boss thinks it's a salt mine ...  - Readers can send questions,
comments and suggestions to  techtimessptimes.com, or to P.O. Box 1121, St.
Petersburg, FL 33731. Comments  may be edited and paraphrased for clarity and
length.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              115 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday

As general election revs up, Vigo offers window on impact of Donald Trump's
insults

BYLINE: Mark Bennett, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 778 words


July 24--A mini-version of last week's Donald Trump Show, also known as the 2016
Republican National Convention in Cleveland, played in Terre Haute's Indiana
Theatre in May.

The event, a Trump campaign rally in advance of the Indiana primary, lacked a
Jumbotron, a silhouetted fog-machine entrance and contingents from all 50
states, but the local show featured its share of theatrics -- a crooner singing
and strumming Donald tributes, vendors hawking satirical, promotional and
raunchy buttons and T-shirts outside the theater. Inside, Elton John and Rolling
Stones songs rang out, a recorded voice bellowed a warning to would-be
protesters and Trump served up cues to elicit chants from the crowd, such as
"build that wall."

The convention in miniature.

The May moment was one of hundreds for Trump, yet this community's response to
any Oval Office wannabe -- including Trump -- packs particular relevance, given
that Vigo County is America's bellwether. This county has voted, in majority,
for the winning presidential candidate in every elections since 1888, except
two. Vigo stands alone in that respect.

Now that the conventioneers have made Trump the official nominee of the
Republicans, let's look at the task he faces in winning over the broader
electorate in November, based on Vigo County's voters.

Trump won the Republican primary here, handily, and was the top vote-getter of
presidential candidates from either party. That doesn't translate to a November
victory, though. In fact, eight of the last 15 leading presidential vote-getters
in the Vigo County primary did not become president in the fall. If winning Vigo
County equates with winning the White House, and historically it does, Trump
faces a tall task.

Overall, 27,827 Vigo Countians cast ballots in May, and just 8,537 of them voted
for Trump. Sixty-eight percent of local folks -- 18,361 people -- voted for
others. Even segregationist George Wallace in 1972 and Michael Dukakis in 1988
got more votes in the Vigo primary than did Trump in May.

The problem Trump will encounter here flared up at the convention. Some of the
other presidential candidates, former presidents and national officeholders gave
the Republican nominee only a lukewarm endorsement, refused to endorse him (see
abrasive Sen. Ted Cruz), or skipped the convention altogether. Maybe they
distanced themselves from Trump because of his narcissism or undeveloped ideas,
the others' fear that he cannot win a general election or the sting of their
primary losses.

Story continues below video

Undoubtedly, though, the main reason for their backing away is the insults and
unsubstantiated claims that Trump hurls endlessly. At just his Terre Haute rally
alone, he railed about "Lyin' Ted" (Cruz, of course); Sen. Lindsey Graham ("I
beat him so bad [in the South Carolina primary], he was like dealing with a
5-year-old"); and, obviously, his Democratic arch-nemesis "crooked Hillary"
Clinton. Most of the country has heard his other digs, from Sen. "Little Marco"
Rubio (who eventually got worn down and drawn into a middle-school-caliber
anatomy comparison with Trump), to business executive Carly Fiorina's looks,
Ohio Gov. John Kasich's "disgusting" eating style, and, in the final days of the
primary season, a demeaning of Cruz's wife and father.

Some of Trump's former rivals, as well as their supporters, appear to have
shrugged off his barbs and unpredictability and joined his bandwagon, especially
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and neurosurgeon Ben Carson.

Still, lots of Americans, including 18,631 Vigo Countians, supported, just a few
months ago, those same candidates he derided. Maybe Trump needs only the
fraction of that group willing to accept his bombastic style to win in November.
Maybe the 40,000 or so independent Vigo County voters (or, more specifically,
those who are registered but don't vote in the partisan primary) contain more
than enough Trump backers to push him past Clinton here.

If the Fall race is close, though, Trump may need those people whose favorite
candidates he maligned. If so, his celebrated, politically uncorrect tongue
could prove costly. As the biblical Proverbs passage says, "Whoever belittles
his neighbor lacks sense, but a man of understanding remains silent."

In terms of insults in the political realm, there won't be any silence between
now and Nov. 8.

Mark Bennett can be reached at 812-231-4377 or mark.bennett@tribstar.com

"Whoever belittles his neighbor lacks sense, but a man of understanding remains
silent" (Proverbs 11:12).

___ (c)2016 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160724-TX-As-general-election-revs-up-Vigo-offers-window-on-impact-of-Donald-T
rump-s-insults-0724-20160724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2016 The Tribune-Star


                              116 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     August 13, 2015 Thursday 11:38 PM GMT

'Cuckservative': the internet's latest Republican insult hits where it hurts;
Portmanteau of 'cuckold' and 'conservative' shames Republican candidates for
selectively leaning left and belittles their manhood. For example, see Jeb Bush

BYLINE: Alan Yuhas in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


"Cuckservative": noun, portmanteau of cuckold and conservative, pejorative
internet slang. A conservative who is not conservative enough for some other
conservatives, with implications of cowardice and sexual impotence and/or
deviance.

The term "cuckservative" caught the eye of puzzled observers this week amid the
froth of commentary floating around the race to become the Republican nominee
for president in 2016.

It has been dubbed a sign of a " raging civil war " tearing the Republican party
apart, " the GamerGate " of white supremacists, and a meme expressing " a
certain kind of contempt ". But the dictionaries have yet to step in, leaving
readers to take it apart more or less on their own.

The basics are simple: cuckold, a man with an adulterous wife or partner, and
conservative, which in context means someone on the spectrum of 21st-century
Republican thought.

The insult's most general gist is conservatives accused of bowing to one
non-conservative idea or another, eg immigration reform, should feel humiliated,
their ideology adulterated.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush is thus accused of cuckservatism for supporting
a path to citizenship for immigrants, rather than the "big, beautiful wall" to
enclose the United States, as endorsed by Donald Trump in last week's GOP
debate.

Radio host Rush Limbaugh alluded to the meme in praise of Trump on Wednesday,
saying that "if Trump were your average, ordinary, cuckolded Republican, he?
would have apologized by now" for criticizing Fox News host Megyn Kelly. In this
sense, as it's used to criticize mainstream Republicans, the insult is an update
on the "Rino" ("Republican in name only").

Mostly, the word is used to belittle conservatives for a perceived weakness, for
instance as an emasculation of Fox host Bill O'Reilly for " daring to question "
Trump.

But "cuckservative" also draws from darker currents of thought on the far, far
right. Beyond its plain meaning of infidelity to the cause, the word sounds like
an anti-gay slur; the insulter accuses the insulted of sexual insecurity in
addition to everything else.

Then there's racial antipathy. The Southern Poverty Law Center, an organization
that monitors hate groups, links the word to white supremacists and
nationalists, and the insult is usually thrown to suggest that white people
should only support policies that benefit white people, eg stringent immigration
(if any) and drug sentencing laws.

Popular conservative commentator Erick Erickson has called out the racist
elements who use the word, saying it is "a slur against Christian voters coined
by? white supremacists"?. Writing at the Daily Beast, Matt Lewis argues
tribalism in the dark corners of the internet is the source of the phenomenon -
the idea that anyone who's not an explicit racist or a liberal enemy earns the
label.

A minority are explicit about the racist impulses behind the word. Far-right
blogger Alfred W Clark, for instance, wrote last month that "human biodiversity
terrifies the cuckservative, as deep down he has bought into blank-slatism and
egalitarianism. The cuckservative would rather just have a Herman Cain or
Clarence Thomas poster on his wall than actually have to honestly think about
race."

Other bloggers similarly preach a philosophy of victimhood. In the American
Renaissance, Gregory Hood writes that true conservatives have been "deceived,
cheated antd [sic] exploited" and that the term has ascended in response to "a
perfect storm of anti-white aggression by minorities and the media".

Blogger Mark Cernovich meanwhile gives a recursive bent to his definition of the
term: "A cuckservative calls people who use the term 'cuckservative' racist."

Clark and others go farther, averring that white, Gentile support for Israel
qualifies a conservative for the label. Because of a shared identity with
Israelis, Jewish people cannot be "cuckservatives", Clark declares, but "the
cuckservative cares more about Israel's borders than his own".

The word even has a bit of pornography in it. The New Republic noted this week
that "cuckold" can allude to a genre of pornography involving husbands who watch
their wives have sex with black men. Intentionally or not, the genre plays to
fears of black men preying on white women - an anxiety perhaps most associated
with the Ku Klux Klan.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    September 7, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Foolish to belittle magnitude of 9/11

SOURCE: The Gazette

SECTION: Editorial / Op-ed; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 250 words

Julie Crysler's Sept. 3 piece "A nation of narcissists" was catty and missed the
point about American arrogance, a far more dangerous problem.

Huge symbolic events are not measured only by the number of sufferers - ask Abe
Lincoln. Pearl Harbor was immense because it was a marker of catastrophe, a
beginning to something unspeakably horrible. People will misinterpret Sept. 11
in a myriad of ways, but it was an immense event in modern history, especially
if it leads to far worse catastrophes.

Yes, of course, many Americans are incredibly self-absorbed, but the crucial
test will be the limits of our arrogance and the scope of our national wisdom.
The popularity of SUVs that Ms. Crysler brings up is irrelevant, though
maddeningly fatuous, and Canadians sit on a powder keg of Muslim rage likely to
spare them only because they lack power and, they should hope, sufficient
symbolic primacy in the world. Be glad.

Americans need a neighbour who can offer measured perspective forged in Canada's
unique national grace, not cheap shots at America's goofy frailties, shared
trivially by Canadians, with their own legions of SUVs, jet skiis and vastly
overblown power boats cruising the great St. Lawrence spewing smoke and noxious
gas.

This will be a gruesome week in the U.S. The 9/11 footage and story are
remarkable, now compiled and edited. It would be foolish to belittle its
magnitude.

Peter Owens

Journalism professor, University of Massachusetts Dartmouth

Marstons Mills, Mass.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             June 11, 2009 Thursday

Letters

BYLINE: Miriam L. Gavarin, Judy Prager, Carol Clapsaddle, Michael Moskowitz,
Gerald Steinberg, M.U. Mulinsky, Avishai Shuter, Raphael Rosenbaum, Stanley
Cohen, Rabbi Reuven Hammer, Mario Soltan

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1560 words



HIGHLIGHT: Readers' Letters


Now that'd be news

Sir, - Re "Carter to meet Noam Schalit" (June 10): If former US president Jimmy
Carter was going to meet Gilad Schalit - that news would have real meaning.

MIRIAM L. GAVARIN

Jerusalem

Great stories

Sir, - Two great articles in your June 10 issue made my day.

The first was the discovery of nanotech injections for osteoarthritis - a
fantastic idea.

Many years ago, when I still lived in England, I asked my orthopedic specialist:
"If they can reach the moon, can't they invent something to inject into the
body's joints?" He laughed at this preposterous idea.

Now, lo and behold, "Israeli-developed nanotech relief from pain of
osteoarthritis to be demonstrated at Technion."

The second story was "IDF working on developing battlefield robotic spy snake,"
a wonderful way to sneak into odd places (Nasrallah's bathroom?).

They should call it "The Heiniken" after the famous ad for a beer that "reaches
places that others can't."

JUDY PRAGER

Petah Tikva

Quite polite, really

Sir, - I often read about a person delivering a "blistering" or "harsh" attack.
Then, when I read that person's actual words, I see that they are polite and far
less extreme than what one hears every day in Congress or the House of Commons.

Moshe Ya'alon's speech in Washington, for example, could be described as
"forceful" or "controversial," surely - but hardly "blistering" or "belittling"
("In hardline speech in Washington, Ya'alon belittles Obama's policy on Iran,"
June 10).

Please save such sensationalistic adjectives to describe the orations of Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad and the leaders of North Korea, where they apply.

CAROL CLAPSADDLE

Jerusalem

Sir, - I have heard Moshe Ya'alon speak several times, most recently this past
Sunday to a private audience in New York. At no time did he belittle President
Obama.

The strategic affairs minister speaks Arabic, understands the Muslim-Arab
attitude toward the State of Israel, the constant anti-Jewish incitement that
flows from official Arab media as well as the mosques. Hence he doesn't believe
that "peace in two years" is possible. This is his well-known and established
position.

I heard him say only positive things about Mr. Obama, while disagreeing with
some of his views.

MICHAEL MOSKOWITZ

New York

Libel won't wash

away criticism

Sir, - In his eagerness to libel me and NGO Monitor's research ("Many
narratives, not one," June 8), Larry Garber, CEO of the New Israel Fund, has
again misread the text.

My article "Taking back the narrative" (May 31) on the fictitious narrative many
NGOs use to demonize Israel did not endorse the "Nakba Law." I explicitly noted
that had it been passed (the cabinet wisely withdrew it), it would have been
nullified as a violation of free speech.

The other 700 words of my analysis focused on the narrative wars, in which NIF's
misguided funding plays a key role.

In his diatribe, Mr. Garber chose to ignore the substantive criticism of NIF's
support of blatant anti- Zionist activities under the facade of civil rights.

For example, NIF gave $125,000 to Mada al-Carmel, an NGO behind the Haifa
Declaration, promoting the campaign supporting "a change in the definition of
the State of Israel from a Jewish State." There are many more such NGOs among
NIF's grantees.

Disregarding these facts and trashing serious analysis will not help NIF to
correct its mistakes or answer donors concerned about the way their funds are
used by NGOs who demonize the Jewish state.

GERALD STEINBERG

Executive Director, NGO Monitor

Jerusalem

Sir, - Larry Garber's op-ed concluded with this absurd passage: "Israelis with
opposing views to those expounded in the article should reconcile to the
absolute necessity of sharing a land in a just and equitable manner - that is a
task for everyone who truly loves Israel."

My reply is that the vast majority of Israelis do not subscribe to Mr. Garber's
outlandish views. To suggest that we cannot "truly" love our country unless we
adopt the New Israel Fund's "teachings" is shameful.

M.U. MILUNSKY

Netanya

Obama spoke to

Muslim 'children'

Sir, - While listening to President Obama's speech in Cairo last week, I
couldn't help but wonder why the "Muslim world," a group of 1.5 billion people
lumped together under a single title, was so happy with what it heard
("Palestinians hail president's 'clear and frank message' to Israel," June 5).

Some have compared the speech to a self-deprecating apology, others to a
respectful bid at befriending a foreign culture. To me, it sounded like an
unbelievably patronizing overture. I couldn't help but think of a parent talking
to a scolded child who has run to his room and refuses to talk to anyone. The
parent must invariably end the stalemate by going to the child's room and
boosting his ego in the hope that this will lead him to end his self- imposed
exile.

In trying to show respect, Obama labeled the Muslim world as the children of the
international community.

However, I'm not sure he had much of a choice: Maybe he had to address them like
children because that's how they've labeled themselves via their actions.

In recent history, Arab and Muslim countries have been notoriously cut off from
the West, largely rejecting compromise on any issue. Their only real connections
with the West are based on the oil trade. Otherwise, they shut themselves up
inside their borders, refusing real discussion of their human rights records,
attitude toward Israel, hate-education of their children and empty pledges to
fight terrorism.

Instead of addressing them as adults, therefore, Obama was forced to stroke the
collective Muslim ego with a laundry list of Muslim breakthroughs from the 9th
century, including algebra!

The speech was lauded as a leap forward in Western- Muslim relations, issued
from the heart of the Muslim world. All I saw, though, was a parent stroking the
ego of an upset child.

AVISHAI SHUTER

New Rochelle, New York

Sir, - President Obama should not be faulted for believing that Israel's right
to its land is based on persecution throughout the centuries that culminated in
the Holocaust. Blame should be placed, instead, at the doorstep of our
enlightened leaders who have taken, and still take, all foreign dignitaries to
visit Yad Vashem as the first stop of their visit.

Since the establishment of the State of Israel, the Bible has been relegated to
secondary importance.

The aim was to establish Israel as "a light unto the nations" - an international
socialist democracy - and not the biblical home of the Jewish people. The Arabs
have even been allowed to rewrite our history by destroying all signs of the
Jewish presence on the Temple Mount.

Along with the abrogation of our Holy Scriptures, we are left with almost no
national identity and no other choice than to use the Holocaust as our raison
d'etre.

Obama is not to blame. We are.

RAPHAEL ROSENBAUM

Kiron

Ruth's speech

Sir, - Avi Shafran's timely "Conversion as Halacha knows it" (June 10) about the
nature, extent and desirability of certain conversions brings to mind a
little-explored aspect of King David's great-grandmother's conversion that has
occupied these pages.

Notwithstanding the flight of both Machlon and Chilyon with their parents to
Moab and their subsequent marriage to two Moabite princesses, nowhere is it
found that their nuptials were with non-Jewesses, since it is accepted by our
sages that both young ladies would have had to undergo conversion prior to their
Jewish weddings.

Thus the beautiful and highly-charged speech by Ruth to her mother-in-law was
not an act of conversion, but of love - no less valuable than whatever other
purpose is assigned to it.

STANLEY COHEN

Jerusalem

Not too surprising

Sir, - I was not at all surprised by Rabbi Avi Shafran's reaction to my article
"In praise of conversion" (June 1). On the contrary, I would have been surprised
had he agreed with my premises since the organization he represents, Agudath
Israel, does not accept the findings of historical research and insists that
nothing in Judaism has ever changed.

It should be pointed out, however, that his quarrel is not only with me, a
"Conservative rabbi," but with large segments of Orthodox Judaism that recognize
these developments, and with the many Orthodox leaders here in Israel who agree
that Halacha is not as he contends; indeed, that the current stance of the Chief
Rabbinate in Israel is a distortion of traditional Jewish Law.

I must, however, correct one statement by Rabbi Shafran: that "as a non-Orthodox
rabbi, [Hammer] is not constrained by the requirements of Halacha."

As a follower of Conservative/Masorti Judaism, I am indeed bound by Halacha. The
difference is that I do not believe Halacha is what he says it is, and in that I
am joined by many others from the Orthodox camp.

RABBI REUVEN HAMMER

Jerusalem

Imperative to tell

Sir, - Baruch Tenembaum is right "'Holocaust survivors have [a] moral obligation
to tell who rescued them" (June 10).

If it weren't for their saviors, these people would not be with us today. While
we must all pay tribute to the saviors, to whom we owe an eternal debt of
gratitude, we have, above all, a moral duty to tell their stories to the younger
generations.

The International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation does an admirable job of digging
out unknown stories of rescue, such as the feats of Stanislawa Slawinska, the
Polish Righteous Among the Nations whose story you published last year.

MARIO SOLTAN, Jerusalem

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 21, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

'FREEZE' BACKERS DEFEND CAMPAIGN

SECTION: Section 11; Connecticut; Page 25, Colu; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 912 words


Jay Winik achieved in his article ''Campaign on Arms Freeze Is One-Sided''
(Opinion Page, Feb. 28) a masterpiece of doubletalk and tortured reasoning. He
found a path to ''unilateral disarmament'' by envisioning such a public clamor
for an end to the arms race that if Reagan or the Soviets should refuse to
consider our modest proposal for a bilateral freeze, our leaders would not be
able to cast the issue aside, but would have to accept unilateral disarmament.
This is absurd. As is his conclusion that the clamoring itself is unilateral
since we cannot possibly clamor equally in the Soviet Union. Charging that the
Connecticut Freeze Campaign is undermining national security, it is as if, by
this logic, even our desire to stop threatening each other with extinction will
cause our extinction.

First, the bilateral freeze campaign does not belittle the Soviet threat: its
continuing buildup; its war-fighting capabilities or its position on on-site
inspection. It is precisely this knowledge that informs the freeze proposal and
which clearly spells out each of the Soviet systems to be ''frozen.'' To suggest
otherwise is to grossly misrepresent the freeze campaign. At worst, it is
modern-day McCarthyism: Say just enough to raise suspicion, but not enough to
prove the point.

Though distortion and inaccuracy abound in this article, I must take exception
to Mr. Winik's statement that I ''acknowledged that the campaign has no leverage
on the Soviets.'' Never did I say such a thing. On the contrary, we - both our
people and our government - may have more leverage than anyone else. It is
always tempting to assign blame for the arms race to one side or the other (as
Mr. Winik accuses us of doing) but the bottom line is that both sides' arsenals
pose an enormous threat to life on this planet. That is the point.

While Mr. Winik charges that it is unwise and irresponsible to be motivated by
fear, he then tells us how fearful we must be of the Soviets, concluding that
our only recourse is to ''induce and pressure'' them to achieve results. It is
not ''emotional fear'' that motivates us, but cold hard fact: the recognition
that use of even a fraction of the nuclear arsenals will bring destruction to
civilization, and even to life itself. It is utter illusion to belittle that
fact, or rationalize its avoidance by couching objections to possible solutions
in the cloak of ''wider political realities.''

While appreciating that people are ''genuinely frightened by the Reagan
Administration's casual talk of the United States fighting and winning a
'limited' nuclear war,'' Mr. Winik concludes that the only solution is to
embrace the Reagan Administration's arms control proposals. The Reagan plan for
''reductions'' is to force (''induce and pressure'') the Soviets to make
concessions by presenting them with our determination to achieve ''nuclear
superiority.''

This did not work in the early 60's, and it will not work now. The Soviets began
negotiating serious strategic arms control agreement only when they were
confident that a certain equality had been achieved - in the late 60's. Called
''essential equivalence,'' it recognizes that we are ahead in some areas, the
Soviets in others. It is this parity that makes arms control both possible and
necessary.  The freeze proposal is based upon it. There is not one shred of
evidence available to suggest that the Soviets have been ''induced'' in the past
by United States superiority. The opposite conclusion is the only one to be
drawn from history.

While Mr. Winik disavows we are the product of K.G.B. meddling, he then charges
we are playing into the hands of Moscow. Not much difference. The freeze
campaign exists to send an unambiguous message to our leaders that enough is
enough and to create a space for others to join in this action. It is an
opportunity to be heard here - and in the Soviet Union. The worst that can
happen under the freeze plan is that if the President's proposal to the U.S.S.R.
to freeze all further testing, production and deployment of nuclear weapons goes
unheeded, we will remain in our current dangerous state of escalation. The best
is that we and the Soviets will begin a true reduction process together. The
Soviets may accept; they have as much self-interest to stop as we do.

We invite Mr. Winik to persuade us that the national security of the American
people is served through a continued arms race, or through the attempt to gain
''superiority'' as a negotiating start.  We would be happy to debate this any
time, any place.

In this debate, we will not accuse him of being a dupe: willing or unwilling
agent for a foreign power. We will not accuse him of undermining the national
interest. Nor will we dismiss him as being naive or silly because of his
strongly held beliefs. We will debate the issues on their merits and not seek
refuge in worn-out slurs and innuendos.  MARTA DANIELS Voluntown

The writer, a staff member of the American Friends Service Committee, is a
coordinator of the Connecticut Campaign for a U.S.-U.S.S.R. Nuclear Arms Freeze.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              120 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           August 13, 1998, Thursday

Brat lashes out at Scud

BYLINE: By JO DOUGHERTY

LENGTH: 383 words


FORMER world No. 1 John McEnroe said Australia's troubled tennis star

Mark Philippoussis would achieve results closer to his potential if he

tried harder and took the game more seriously.

"It seems like recently he hasn't lived up to his own expectations,"

McEnroe said. "As an athlete, I think if he took it more seriously,

and I'm just saying that from afar because I feel like when you look

at him you see he is quite a talented player. But I get the feeling

that if he competed a little harder and took it more seriously, then

his results would improve. You've got to win when you are playing

badly as well as when you are playing well and it seems when Mark

doesn't play as well as he thinks he's capable of, he gets down on

himself."

McEnroe also said yesterday it was unlikely Pat Rafter would

successfully defend his US Open crown next month.

"To me the men's side is pretty wide open for between five and 10

guys and he (Rafter) is one of those guys potentially in contention,"

McEnroe said. "The answer is I don't think it is likely, but he

certainly has the chance along with eight to 10 other players."

Those McEnroe words differ from the much-repeated statement he was

supposed to have made before the French Open in May describing Rafter

as a "one slam guy".

But McEnroe denied saying that and explained he had been expressing an

opinion that Rafter was having trouble coping with the pressure

following his US Open victory last year.

"I would never belittle an accomplishment that 99.9 per cent of the

players never get in the first place, which is winning a major

event," McEnroe said from New York. "If you win one grand slam, that

is a tremendous accomplishment and I wouldn't and didn't ever belittle

it by saying he was a one-shot wonder. Whether he wins another, it's

difficult to say right now."

Rafter has struggled with form and motivation since his great victory

in New York in October when he rocketed to No. 2 in the world. But he

has won three tournaments this year, the latest and biggest of the

three coming at the Canadian Open on Sunday to send him back to No. 3

and suggest he is finding form at the right time.

McEnroe won seven grand slam titles and was ranked No. 1 for 170

consecutive weeks during the early 1980s.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              121 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 388 words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 6, 2017 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Seeing through Trump's fog

BYLINE: David Ignatius

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 794 words


Watching National Intelligence Director James R. Clapper Jr., a gruff, 50-year
veteran of the spy world, answer congressional questions Thursday, you couldn't
help wondering whether perhaps this time President-elect Donald Trump has met
his match.

To recall a quip made years ago by a prominent Washington lawyer, Clapper is not
a "potted plant." He has served Republicans and Democrats alike with the same
grumpy dislike of political criticism.

The showdown between Clapper and Trump over allegations of Russian hacking will
shape public perceptions of the next president in the two weeks before his
inauguration. We'll learn more about what Russian hackers did during the 2016
campaign. We'll also learn more about Trump and whether he will bring his
Russophilia into the White House.

After this week's briefings of Trump and President Obama, the real circus will
come next week, when members of Congress receive their own classified reports.
Democrats would be wise if they kept their mouths shut and let GOP Sens. John
McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (S.C.) do the talking.

Trump's post-election line on Russian hacking has been to blame U.S.
intelligence agencies and the news media. Bashing the "elitist" media has been a
standard GOP tactic since Richard Nixon's day. But Trump at times has actually
seemed to be siding with Russia and other anti-American critics and against U.S.
intelligence agencies.

The standard response of a president-elect to any allegation of foreign meddling
in the U.S. election, you'd think, would be to call for an investigation.
Instead, Trump called the allegations of Russian hacking "ridiculous," said it
was the Democratic National Committee's own fault if its cybersecurity was poor,
needled the CIA for its Iraq WMD mistakes, and otherwise sought to belittle the
intelligence agencies.

Weirdest of all was Trump's embrace this week of Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks
founder and a person many U.S. officials, Republican and Democratic, see as
having damaged U.S. national security by leaking classified documents about
nearly every area of foreign policy.

When Assange sought to pooh-pooh Moscow's role with a careful denial that his
source hadn't been "the Russian government" or a "state party," he got three
"Pinocchios" from The Post's Fact Checker. But Trump treated him like a new
friend. He approvingly tweeted Assange's claim that U.S. media coverage was
"very dishonest" and added: "More dishonest than anyone knows."

Then, in one of those "who, me?" reversals that are a Trump specialty, he
tweeted Thursday: "The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with
Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states ... The media lies to make
it look like I am against 'Intelligence' when in fact I am a big fan!"

We'll soon see how supportive of U.S. intelligence Trump really is. But in
recent months, his approach to the hacking story has been worryingly similar to
Russia's own response: It's all lies, circulated by a dishonest media. Nobody
can believe anything.

This sort of information fog is precisely what Moscow seeks to spawn in its own
propaganda campaigns. The Russian goal is "to corrode democratic norms and
institutions by discrediting the electoral process and to tarnish the
reputations of democratic governments in order to establish a kind of moral
equivalence between Russia and the West," Thorsten Benner and Mirko Hohmann
wrote last month in Foreign Affairs.

Anyone who thinks that the Russian hacking charges are simply an attempt to
belittle or discredit Trump should study Russia's current covert-action campaign
in Europe. Benner and Hohmann quote Bruno Kahl, the chief of Germany's
intelligence service, who told a newspaper there that "cyberattacks are taking
place that have no purpose other than to elicit uncertainty." The head of French
information security similarly warned last month that Western countries face
"the development of a digital threat for political ends and for
destabilization."

This Russian political assault has been hiding in plain sight. Andrei Soldatov,
a Russian investigative journalist, wrote in July when news surfaced that the
DNC had been hacked that Hillary Clinton was seen by Moscow "as a tough and
uncompromising adversary," that the U.S. elections were "the most sensitive"
problem facing the Kremlin and that only President Vladimir Putin could decide
what to do.

And what did Trump say back then about Russian hackers? "Russia, if you're
listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing" from
Clinton's private email server. He egged on a foreign intelligence service to
help his campaign, then claimed they didn't do it, then blamed U.S. intelligence
for faulty reporting.

And the question is: Why?

davidignatius@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Asharq Alawsat (English)

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Trump Seems to Keep Siding with Russia, but What Does That Get Him?

LENGTH: 715 words


Watching National Intelligence Director James R. Clapper Jr., a gruff, 50-year
veteran of the spy world, answer congressional questions Thursday, you couldn't
help wondering whether perhaps this time President-elect Donald Trump has met
his match.

To recall a quip made years ago by a prominent Washington lawyer, Clapper is not
a "potted plant." He has served Republicans and Democrats alike with the same
grumpy dislike of political criticism.

The showdown between Clapper and Trump over allegations of Russian hacking will
shape public perceptions of the next president in the two weeks before his
inauguration. We'll learn more about what Russian hackers did during the 2016
campaign. We'll also learn more about Trump and whether he will bring his
Russophilia into the White House.

After this week's briefings of Trump and President Obama, the real circus will
come next week, when members of Congress receive their own classified reports.
Democrats would be wise if they kept their mouths shut and let GOP Sens. John
McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (S.C.) do the talking.

Trump's post-election line on Russian hacking has been to blame U.S.
intelligence agencies and the news media. Bashing the "elitist" media has been a
standard GOP tactic since Richard Nixon's day. But Trump at times has actually
seemed to be siding with Russia and other anti-American critics and against U.S.
intelligence agencies.

The standard response of a president-elect to any allegation of foreign meddling
in the U.S. election, you'd think, would be to call for an investigation.
Instead, Trump called the allegations of Russian hacking "ridiculous," said it
was the Democratic National Committee's own fault if its cybersecurity was poor,
needled the CIA for its Iraq WMD mistakes, and otherwise sought to belittle the
intelligence agencies.

Weirdest of all was Trump's embrace this week of Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks
founder and a person many U.S. officials, Republican and Democratic, see as
having damaged U.S. national security by leaking classified documents about
nearly every area of foreign policy.

When Assange sought to pooh-pooh Moscow's role with a careful denial that his
source hadn't been "the Russian government" or a "state party," he got three
"Pinocchios" from The Post's Fact Checker. But Trump treated him like a new
friend. He approvingly tweeted Assange's claim that U.S. media coverage was
"very dishonest" and added: "More dishonest than anyone knows."

Then, in one of those "who, me?" reversals that are a Trump specialty, he
tweeted Thursday: "The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with
Julian Assange -- wrong. I simply state what he states . . . The media lies to
make it look like I am against 'Intelligence' when in fact I am a big fan!"

We'll soon see how supportive of U.S. intelligence Trump really is. But in
recent months, his approach to the hacking story has been worryingly similar to
Russia's own response: It's all lies, circulated by a dishonest media. Nobody
can believe anything.

This sort of information fog is precisely what Moscow seeks to spawn in its own
propaganda campaigns. The Russian goal is "to corrode democratic norms and
institutions by discrediting the electoral process and to tarnish the
reputations of democratic governments in order to establish a kind of moral
equivalence between Russia and the West," Thorsten Benner and Mirko Hohmann
wrote last month in Foreign Affairs.

Anyone who thinks that the Russian hacking charges are simply an attempt to
belittle or discredit Trump should study Russia's current covert-action campaign
in Europe. Benner and Hohmann quote Bruno Kahl, the chief of Germany's
intelligence service, who told a newspaper there that "cyberattacks are taking
place that have no purpose other than to elicit uncertainty." The head of French
information security similarly warned last month that Western countries face
"the development of a digital threat for political ends and for
destabilization."

(The Washington Post)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/425/23/148405715441.jpg

Incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and U.S. Army Lieutenant
General Michael Flynn look at U.S. President-elect Donald Trump as he talks with
the media at Mar-a-Lago estate where Trump attends meetings, in Palm Beach,
Florida

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 425


                 Copyright 2017 Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 30, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Shootings no excuse to belittle mentally ill

BYLINE: Pete Earley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 607 words


We don't know enough about the mind of the alleged Colorado shooter, James
Holmes, to determine whether he has a severe mental illness, such as
schizophrenia, or whether he was driven by some narcissistic, anti-social desire
to  kill others and become infamous.

We do now know that Holmes was being treated by a psychiatrist and that he had
mailed a package to the doctor, though the district attorney has disputed news
reports of its content.

As the father of an adult son with bipolar disorder who has been arrested and
who once fixated on a movie during a psychotic break, I've watched the public
reaction to the horrific killings  -- and earlier ones in Tuscon and on the
Virginia Tech University campus -- with trepidation. As the details about Holmes
continue to unfold, I can already anticipate the direction the conversation will
take. That's because, as a nation, we still are confounded by mental illnesses.

Spotlight on guns

The spotlight always focuses on gun control. A possible reason is because people
are afraid of seeming sympathetic toward the gunman if they discuss mental
illness. But how can we prevent  shootings if we don't question why Seung Hui
Cho fell through the cracks in Virginia after he was declared "a danger to
himself and others," or why Jared Lee Loughner's schizophrenia went untreated in
Arizona. We ignore  our failed mental health care system  at our own peril.

The suspect's parents will be blamed,  though our  civil rights laws make it
extremely difficult for family members to force anyone to see a doctor or seek
medical treatment if he or she has a mental disorder and is acting oddly. By
law, we protect the right of an individual to be "crazy." Yet, we become
outraged when a Cho or a Loughner kill and maim.

Although science can't tell us the causes of most mental disorders, severe ones,
such as bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, are thought to have biological and
genetic underpinnings and are not the fault of those who get sick.  Even so,
having a mental disorder is  seen as a personal character flaw and rarely sways
public opinion or influences sentencing. Studies show that the insanity defense
rarely works and often is seen as a dodge used by killers to avoid prison. We
understandably want to hold killers responsible for their actions even when they
are mentally unhinged.

Tragedies preventable

Because these mass shootings appear to be unpredictable, we feel helpless to
stop them. We shouldn't. The shootings in Tucson and at Virginia Tech could and
should have been prevented. Family members and university professors were
alarmed by the antics of Loughner and Cho, but they were stymied by the
"dangerous to self or others" legal standard for forced intervention, or by a
lack of responsive mental health care in their communities.

The Aurora deaths not only caused tremendous  pain and loss, they further
stigmatized persons with mental disorders. A poster being circulated on the
Internet belittles mental illnesses, dismissing them as a flimsy excuse for
Holmes' actions. It is important to remember that persons with mental illnesses
are more likely to be victims of violence than to harm others, and that
Loughner, Cho, and possibly Holmes, are not representative.

Millions of ordinary Americans, including my son, are the real face of mental
illnesses. None of them has killed anyone. They should not be stigmatized and
their illnesses should not be trivialized because of the violence of a few. Nor
should anyone believe that our hearts are not breaking because of these
senseless murders.

Pete Earley is a mental health advocate and author. He can be reached at
www.peteearley.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Medical marijuana about quality of life

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1013 words


Medical marijuana about quality of life

In regard to your recent "Taking Sides" column on the battle over medical
marijuana, I have been in severe pain since 1994 after an accident, with
fibromyalgia, gout and RSD reflex sympathetic dystrophy, and I have been using
everything from morphine, Vicodin and other painkillers, and I have pain 24
hours a day and am disabled because of it.

I can't function like a normal person because of the pain and all the problems
that these medications do to my body.

I have a friend in Arizona who has cancer and is dying, and he uses medical pot,
and when I was out their he had me try the medical marijuana and it really help
lessen my pain. It did not take it all away but did lower it.

In spite of the Cheech & Chong image everyone has about people who use marijuana
being stoned, acting crazy, and needing to eat vast amounts of food, it simply
gave me relief much more than my strong pain pills.

Until you have to live in my world of constant and at times unbearable pain,
maybe you should ask yourself, "Don't I deserve something that will make my
quality of life better without all the side effects that these prescriptions
cause to the rest of my body?"

Jimmy Burgess

Wheeling

Editorial cartoon spews hate message

Normally I don't comment on political cartoons as many are the fantasies of
those out of touch with reality. However, the cartoon in the June 12 Daily
Herald crossed a line. It not so subtly indicated that the GOP was racist,
sexist and homophobic (to use liberal terminology).

The cartoonist obviously is either living in a vacuum or chooses to be blind
while spreading his/her hate message.

Apparently forgotten are; Sarah Palin, Michelle Bachman (in no stretch of the
imagination male), Herman Cain and Maro Rubio (in no way white racists).

As a matter of fact, the racist attack dogs of the left went out of their way to
get Mr. Cain out of the presidential race as he posed the biggest threat to
their beloved candidate.

If anyone is trying to brainwash people, its people like this cartoonist.

Terry Tallian

Wood Dale

Phrase subtly belittles women

"The American soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians, many of them women
and children ..." -- Daily Herald, June 6.

Why "women and children"?

Why not "men and children"?

Or better still, why not just "children"? When children die -- or suffer some
other tragedy -- it is newsworthy because they are helpless innocents at the
beginning of things, and as such their deaths are especially poignant. To lump
women in with children is to suggest they are as helpless as children. This is
sexist in the extreme.

Also, to single out the Afghan women for special mention suggests that the men
who died were of no consequence. A blunt way of phrasing what the Afghan example
implies would be, "Four women and children were killed. Oh, by the way, 12 men
were killed, too."

Newspapers invariably phrase it, "The fire left 10 homeless, including women and
children." And, "The tornado killed 14, including women and children." And,
"When the ocean liner sank, 32 died, including women and children."

Are the lives of men so little valued?

What if the phrasing had been, " ... killing 16 Afghan civilians, many of them
men and children ..."? That's an obvious and deliberate slight to women and no
newspaper would print it.

When such tragedies strike, whatever their nature, it should always be, " ...
including children."

To single out either gender for special mention along with children is an
affront to both genders. It belittles the omitted gender and declares the
specified gender as just like children.

Don Frost

Rolling Meadows

How about no pensions for pols?

I have an idea. Rather than pushing for term limits for elected offices (which
seems to be no nearer today than ever), why not a law that no elected office in
this country, at any level, shall have a pension paid for by taxpayers?

Would this help to make a career in just politics less likely?

Frank J. Nagy

St. Charles

Inflation in food prices often hidden

Inflation has been diabolically sneaking up on us through the food chain.

Check the net content weights on your food labels; you may be in for many nasty
surprises.

A year or two ago, an individual serving of yogurt came in an 8-ounce carton.
Now it comes in a 6-ounce carton, but the cost is still the same. That amounts
to a 20 percent increase in price.

Many canned and packaged foods that used to be in one pound (16-ounce)
containers have been reduced to 14 or 15 ounces, but there was no reduction in
the price.

What was a 32-ounce carton of orange juice a year ago is, in many cases, now 28
ounces, but the price is unchanged.

This is only a small sample of sneaking inflation, and I doubt any of it gets
factored within government cost-of-living statistics.

Donald Froelich

Mount Prospect

Address controversy over tallest building

"Recently on '60 Minutes' and then later on NBC's Nightly News, Scott Pelly and
Brian Williams announced to their watching audiences that 1 WTC was now ' ...
the tallest building in the U.S. and the Western Hemisphere.'

I don't think this is quite accurate.

The spire hoisted atop 1 WTC made it only the tallest structure.

The Council On Tall Buildings hasn't yet spoken but when it does, I believe the
conclusion will be that Willis Tower is still the tallest building in the
hemisphere as it has been for almost 40 years.

I wrote this note to WTTW Chicago:

"Where has all the ballyhoo and bragging been all these years? Sears and Willis
have been silent on the subject as far as I can see. I enjoy your programs and
WTTW."

I've seen little or nothing about the controversy concerning the tallest
building in the U.S.

Very seldom in 40 years has the U.S. press reported that the Sears Tower (Willis
Tower) is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. The iconic Empire
State Building has been shown in millions of images since 1974.

I'd like to see the controversy explained in depth.

The Petronas Towers in Malaysia were deemed taller than the Sears Tower because
of pinnacles atop the structure. Can the controversy be resolved?

Arthur Aman

Arlington Heights

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              126 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 28, 2013 Monday

Why Israelis moved to Europe

BYLINE: SUSAN HATTIS ROLEF

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1105 words


Finance Minister Yair Lapid had the following to say in one of his recent
Facebook posts:

"A word to all those who are fed up, and are leaving for Europe. You happen to
catch me in Budapest. I came here in order to speak in the parliament against
anti-Semitism, and remind them how they tried to murder my father here just
because the Jews did not have a state of their own, how they killed my
grandfather in a concentration camp, how my uncles were starved, how my
grandmother was saved at the last minute from the death march. So forgive me if
I am a little impatient with people who are willing to throw the only country
the Jews have into the trash can because Berlin is more convenient."

Lapid was reacting to a series of reports by Channel 10 TV's financial
correspondent Matan Hodorov about young Israelis who have chosen to emigrate to
Berlin, London and New Jersey, primarily for economic reasons.

Like everyone else in a country which purports to be a democracy, Lapid not only
has the right to his opinions, but also the right to share them with the world
at large.

Nevertheless, there is something very disturbing about a high-ranking public
figure expressing himself in this manner. Where else in the democratic world
does the finance minister tell off citizens for deciding to emigrate? At most,
finance ministers of other countries will try to make sure emigrants do not
leave behind any debts to the tax authorities when they leave.

In the early days of the state, for an Israeli to leave the country was
considered something to be ashamed of. As late as 1976, prime minister Yitzhak
Rabin called the yordim, emigrants, a "nefolet shel nemushot" (an untranslatable
expression meaning something like "contemptible wimps"). But that was almost 40
years ago, and many of us actually believed that Israel had moved away from that
narrow and intolerant state of mind. Well, apparently we have not.

There are other problems with Lapid's statement. First of all, the yordim do not
want to "throw Israel into the trash can." They simply have decided not to live
in it, and in a democratic society people have the right to choose where, with
whom and how to live.

The reasons for their decision to leave are varied, and include besides the
economic reasons (usually the straw that breaks the camel's back) loss of hope
that peace will ever prevail between Israel and its neighbors, for which they
believe Israel is as much to blame as the Arabs; discomfort with the lack of
determination of Israel's leaders to make a serious effort to separate religion
and state, and enable seculars to enjoy non-religious marriages and burial
services, public transportation on Saturday etc.; and the feeling that life in
Israel frequently feels like life in a pressure cooker, where too many people
are nervous, intolerant and violent.

Another problem with Lapid's post is that it argues that the Holocaust as the
ultimate reason for Jews to live in Israel.

While it is undeniable that the Holocaust provided the ultimate proof for why
the Jews need a state, where they can live their lives as Jews without
harassment or worse, the fact that the Holocaust occurred is not a good enough a
reason for a Jew to live in Israel, especially when the country's prime minister
keeps warning the world of the dangers to the Jewish state from a nuclear Iran,
Muslim terrorist organizations, and unstable Arab regimes.

With all due respect, I think it is physically safer for a Jew to live in Berlin
these days than in Jerusalem, though I do not belittle the emotional difficulty
involved for a Jew to do so, given the not-too-distant history.

In a letter to one of the Hebrew dailies a woman recently wrote that she
regretted not having allowed her eldest daughter to participate in one of the
organized trips of high-school kids to Auschwitz, since her daughter had
subsequently decided to move to the US and is living there with a non-Jewish
American.

I feel sorry for this mother, who appears to believe that a visit to Auschwitz
could solve the problem (if indeed one views the daughter's choices as a
problem). Certainly it is important that the younger generation of Jews should
be familiar with the Holocaust, and I do not belittle the danger of forgetting,
or of simply not knowing.

However, why do people believe that a visit to Auschwitz will strengthen the
determination of the younger generation to live in Israel, rather than
strengthen their awareness of the terrible dangers inherent in racial prejudice
and intolerance gone wild?

Maybe had the woman's daughter visited Auschwitz she would have returned feeling
repulsion in face of the way Israel as a state, and individual Israeli Jews,
look at and treat African refugees, to the point of not even bothering to verify
whether they are bona fide refugees or merely seekers of employment who entered
the country illegally?

Maybe she would feel sick to the stomach to see how the authorities treat
Israeli Arab citizens (including Arab MKs) at Ben-Gurion Airport, and feel shame
at the frequently callous and insulting conduct of some of the more extreme
Jewish settlers in the West Bank, and some IDF units serving in the territories
against the Palestinians, who might not be "Lovers of Zion" but are human
beings, for whom this land has been home for many centuries and even millennia,
and feel (not without justice) that their rights are being trampled on?

Don't get me wrong. I am not happy to see the younger generation leave, and I
would never seriously consider leaving the country myself - at least not as long
as I am able to lead my life as I wish to lead it, without any serious
intervention from the powers that be. One of my daughters lives in Berlin, and
no one would happier than I if she were to return after being there for 11
years. However, I understand why she is there, and I do not judge her for it,
trying to make the best of the situation.

The fact that Yair Lapid feels contempt for my daughter, without knowing her,
merely reflects his provincialism, superficiality and total lack of
understanding of what democracy and free choice mean in the deeper sense of the
terms.

Instead of badmouthing those Israelis who have decided to leave, Lapid is
advised to concentrate on doing his job properly - namely, making sure that
fewer young Israelis have cause to consider leaving. Furthermore, perhaps the
time has come for our finance minister to stop dealing with the insomnia he
claims to suffer from by getting up in the middle of the night to write
irritating and ill-considered posts on Facebook. May I recommend a good sleeping
pill?

The writer is a retired Knesset employee.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THINK ABOUT IT

GRAPHIC: Photo: YAIR LAPID (Credit: Marc Israel Sellem/The Jerusalem Post)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 5, 1992, Sunday, City Edition

Pay attention to cultural issues, time-honored values

BYLINE: William J. Bennett

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; COMMENTARY; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 1528 words



The popular press and political commentators often portray cultural issues as a
sideshow, a distraction from the more "real" and "pressing" issues we face like,
say, the federal budget deficit. A university professor was quoted in the New
York Times as saying that President Bush had lost his ability to announce any
new initiatives that cost money, and "that's why you see these symbolic causes
the flag, abortion, family values."

    That is a cynical attitude and it is flat-out wrong. Cultural issues are
every bit as "real" indeed, they are more real, more important, and have more
impact on the lives of our children.

    Nothing more powerfully determines a child's behavior than his internal
compass, his beliefs, his sense of right and wrong. If a child firmly believes,
if he has been taught and guided to believe, that drugs, promiscuity and
assaulting other people are wrong things to do, this will contribute to his own
well-being and to the well-being of others. And if this lesson is multiplied a
million times that is, taught a million times we will have greater and broader
well-being, fewer personal catastrophes, less social violence, and fewer wasted
and lost lives.

    The character of a society is determined by how well it transmits true and
time-honored values from generation to generation.  Cultural matters, then, are
not simply an add-on or an afterthought to the quality of life of a country;
they determine the character and essence of the country itself. Private belief
is a condition of public spirit; personal responsibility a condition of public
well-being. The investment in private belief must be constantly renewed.

    During the last 25 years, we didn't make much of an investment and we
received little return. Many of America's intellectual elite perpetrated a
doctrine of de facto nihilism that cut to the core of American traditions. While
the doctrine never really took hold among most Americans, it did make
significant inroads.  *    A lot of people forgot, and many others willfully
rejected, the most basic and sensible answers to first questions, to questions
about what contributes to our social well-being and prosperity, what makes for
individual character and responsibility, and what constitutes a "good society."

    Members of the public have been too quiescent and too accepting about what
has been inflicted on them from the upper strata of society and the permanent
political establishment in Washington.  Too often they elected to sit on the
sidelines, in part because legions of officials, special interest groups,
professors and commentators belittle mainstream American values and
participation; often they belittle and patronize mainstream Americans
themselves.

    "We know better," the elite establishment said. "Leave it to us, the
enlightened experts, and everything will turn out just fine." Too often many
people did what was asked of them. The results are now in.

    Significant portions of American society have been culturally deconstructed.
This has particularly devastating effects on our institutions: schools, colleges
and universities, mainline churches, the legal profession, the Congress and
others. The assault was made primarily by people who held left-liberal political
views, who believed that these institutions were corrupt, unsuitable, unworthy
and unfit, and so they decided to remake them in their image, for their own
purposes.

    The good news is that this cultural virus has created its own antibodies.
Americans are regaining the confidence to express publicly the common-sense
sentiments they hold privately. They are learning again that the things a
society collectively chooses to affirm and condemn, encourage and discourage,
make all the difference. This is true whether we are talking about curricular
basics or curricular fluff; welfare or workfare; marriage or out-of-wedlock
births; regard or disdain for religion in the public square; color blindness or
color consciousness; or drug use as  acceptable or unacceptable.

    This renewed understanding on a wide range of social issues is the critical
first step in the "revaluing" of America. Values that were once in exile are
being welcomed home. The American people are renewing their commitment to our
common principles. And so the task of cultural reconstruction has begun. But it
is nowhere near complete, and it is least complete in the institutions that have
borne the brunt of two decades of wrongheaded cultural and public policy.

    Michael Barone and Grant Ujifusa, editors of the Almanac of American
Politics, put it this way:

    "The (domestic) public sector institutions of which liberals have had
custody for the last 20 years the public schools, central city bureaucracies,
university governance have performed poorly.  The people in charge of them have
a million excuses: They have a poor quality of students or constituents, they
don't have enough money, they must do things according to certain rules and
regulations because of internal institutional imperatives. These are the same
excuses the military made 15 or 20 years ago. Fortunately, the leaders of the
military stopped making excuses and started reforming. Unfortunately, with very
few exceptions, the leaders of liberal public sector institutions are continuing
to make excuses and their institutions are continuing to perform poorly.

    "Much of the politics of the 1990s will turn out to be a struggle to reform
those parts of the public sector that patently aren't functioning."



   The time for excuses is over. The returns are in on the Brave New World of
liberal social policy, and they are not good. We now know that the left was
peddling from an empty wagon. Today fewer and fewer people are swayed by
cultural nihilism and leftist social policy. But though the emperor has no
clothes, he still has an empire. A number of critical American institutions are
still under liberal tutelage.

    What, then, to do? The American people face a great political task.  They
need to reassert their influence on their social institutions: elementary and
secondary schools, universities, churches and synagogues, the media, the legal
profession, federal, state and local governments, and the arts.

    Reclaiming our institutions does not mean subjecting them to a narrow or
rigid ideology; it means letting these institutions be governed by what works,
by what makes sense, and by insisting that they remain true to their original
purposes. In short, we need institutions that more accurately reflect the
sentiments and beliefs of the great body of the American people rather than
those of the cultural deconstructionists.

    For the citizenry, this requires greater public scrutiny, attention and
action; institutional accountability and reform; more citizen participation (on
school boards, church offices, boards of trustees, and the like); political
action; and the recruitment of sympathetic talent to take jobs in, and affect
the course of, these institutions. In short, we need to pay attention and act.

    Those whose beliefs govern our institutions will in large measure win the
battle for the culture. And whoever wins the battle for the culture gets to
teach the children.

    This cultural and institutional reclamation project will not be easy. Midge
Decter has written that the Reagan election victories set off a response in the
liberal community ranging from deep confusion to panic. The reason this
occurred, according to Decter, is that his victories "bore testimony not so much
to a wish for radical new policies as to an open declaration of war over the
culture. And a culture war, as the liberals understood far better than did their
conservative opponents, is a war to the death. For a culture war is not battle
over policy, though policy in many cases gives it expression; it is rather a
battle about matters of the spirit."

    So be it. Reclaiming our institutions is less a political opportunity than a
civic obligation. It involves hard work. But it is work of immense importance.
At the end of the day, somebody's values will prevail.

    In America, "we the people" have a duty to insist that our institutions and
our government be true to their time-honored tasks. In some instances that means
that the people must roll up their sleeves and work to ensure that their
institutions and government reflect their sentiments, their good sense, their
sense of right and wrong. This is what democracy a government of, by and for the
people is all about.

    The debate has been joined. But the fight for our values has just begun.
 From The De-valuing of America by William J. Bennett.  1992 by William J.
Bennett. Reprinted with permission of Summit Books.  All rights reserved.
Distributed by Universal Press Syndicate
 William J. Bennett served as director of the Office of National Drug Control
Policy under President Bush and as secretary of education and chairman of the
National Endowment for the Humanities under President Reagan.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              128 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Perry keeps it simple

BYLINE: David Warren, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; David Warren; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 842  words


Rick Perry, the governor of Texas, made waves this week, upon entering the
Republican presidential fray, by suggesting that Ben Bernanke, of the Federal
Reserve, would be treacherous if he continued to "print money" to grease the
government's way out of the solvency crisis. Perry's colourfully frank Texas
language got him into big trouble with all the smooth people who routinely refer
to politicians like him as "terrorists."

That language may have been rather cleverly chosen, for the splash it created
had two immediate political consequences, beyond persuading people who would
never vote for Perry that they must never vote for Perry. First, it elbowed Ron
Paul and others aside, by making Perry the "don't print money" candidate. His
Republican rivals on the Tea Party side are now moaning about his theft of their
thunder.

Second, it puts Bernanke on the spot. For after the sympathy has evaporated for
a man who has been verbally abused, he cannot go ahead with what in fact amounts
to printing money, without totally identifying himself with President Barack
Obama and the "stimulus" establishment. Perry has made Bernanke's job
impossible, and in present circumstances that might just be a good thing.

For generations now, governments not only in the United States have eased their
way out of solvency crises by stoking inflation, and by some plausible mixture
of cosmetic budget cuts and real tax increases. To do otherwise, as even the
Economist now says, is to display "economic illiteracy." Sophisticated people
play with all the dials, on the economy machine, and those who refuse to touch
certain dials are unsophisticated.

Observe, where all this sophistication has got us.

There are some issues that are too simple for intelligent people to understand.
Most moral issues are like that. The problem isn't distinguishing between right
and wrong. That is not always as plain as day, but usually it is. The problem is
finding a way to justify doing the wrong thing. And once you think you have
found it, the people still arguing for doing the right thing may be dismissed as
"simplistic."

On the grand economic questions, "simplisme" has long been decried. John Maynard
Keynes, a truly brilliant man, and an entertaining one with wide cultural
interests, made wonderfully entertaining arguments for doing the wrong thing,
many of them ingeniously counter-intuitive. "Public economists" (on the analogy
of "public intellectuals") such as John Kenneth Galbraith in the last
generation, and Paul Krugman in this, stand in direct succession to him: same
attitudes, same habits.

Lord Keynes' great rival, Friedrich Hayek, exploded many of the economic
fallacies upon which Keynes depended, along with many of the facts which Keynes
massaged to fit his own passing needs. But Hayek's strongest criticism is too
lightly passed over. He said that Keynes was interested in economic theory only
as a means to influence current policy. He had not, in fact, the "intellectual
chastity" to examine anything on its own terms.

I am cumbering my column with these assertions, because they are necessary to
hear. Observers are easily distracted, even intimidated, by intellectual
fireworks. They are awed into a silent refusal to think things through for
themselves.

Often common sense alone will guide us past intellectual impostures. But when it
doesn't, we need to know that the weight of economic literature is there; that
"Keynesian economics" was exposed from the start.

So let us return to simplisme. If what we want is a functioning, even
flourishing economy, and therefore jobs, jobs, jobs, then the policies of Texas
make sense. They are, as Rick Perry says, low taxes, minimal regulation, the
avoidance of debt, and business-friendly attitudes. It is a political culture
which at least tries to focus on the political questions (law, order, and so
forth), and leave economic questions to the free market (with its inevitable
bulls and bears).

If what we want instead is a dysfunctional and stagnant or shrinking economy,
and therefore spreading unemployment, then California's policies are just the
ticket. They are: high taxes, maximal regulation, and excruciating debt. Also, a
political culture that belittles and despises business, almost as much as it
belittles and despises law and order; one not merely addicted to "fine tuning"
things utterly beyond anyone's comprehension, but earnestly trying to replace
the free market with a "political market" for goods and services - whenever
opportunity calls. ("Never waste a crisis.")

I'm not saying the generation of wealth should be the sole purpose of human
existence. I am saying it is one of the purposes, and further, that by
politicizing economic activity we actually mire ourselves much deeper in
materialism than we would ever do by just going out and earning a living.

The Texas model works, and the California model fails. Quite apart from whether
anyone in the States should vote for Rick Perry, they must choose between these
models.

David Warren's column appears Sundays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 22, 1994, Thursday

Area residents: Kings wrong to oppose plan

BYLINE: By Howard Pousner STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 4

LENGTH: 725 words


'We are astounded': Some Auburn Avenue neighbors are angry because they say the
King family is trying to derail an agreement that took years to put together.

Many neighbors in the Sweet Auburn district are leveling harsh criticism at the
King family's attempt to halt the National Park Service's $ 11.8 million
upgrading of the Martin Luther King Jr. Historic Site.

"I'm amazed by the [Kings'] level of arrogance," says Mtamanika Youngblood of
the Historic District Development Corp., which works to improve housing in Sweet
Auburn.

"If you took a poll in the neighborhood asking whether the National Park Service
or the [family-led Martin Luther King Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change]
should be retained, there would be no competition. The King Center would be out
and nobody would miss them."

The Park Service plan includes a visitors center with a free exhibit on King's
life that the family said is unworthy of the civil rights leader's name.

Coretta Scott King, who lobbied Congress in support of the Park Service
appropriation, now is pushing to replace the visitors center with an
interactive, for-profit museum organized by family interests.

Neighborhood leaders are angry because the complex deal, which took 2 1/2 years
and countless community meetings to forge, represented the first consensus plan
to improve a decaying district overrun by visitors.

They say the Kings were invited, but rarely participated in negotiations and
didn't reveal their still-evolving plans until the deal was done.

'It belittles his dignity'

The Park Service project has broad support because it paves the way for
neighborhood improvements including a $ 4.5 million community center to be paid
for with proceeds from expansive new parking lots. It secures property across
Auburn Avenue for Ebenezer Baptist Church, which is raising $ 10 million to
build a new sanctuary and social services building.

"The King Center is asking for the Park Service plans to stop, the community
center plans to stop and Ebenezer Church's plans to stop," says City
Councilwoman Debi Starnes, who represents Sweet Auburn. "They have no [firm]
plans, no financing, no timetable. We are astounded that they would ask for all
of these wonderful plans to stop in exchange for nothing."

The Rev. Joseph L. Roberts Jr., Ebenezer's senior pastor, said, "The historic
district is not owned by the historic figure." He accused the family of being
"undemocratic and dictatorial" and too motivated by potential profit.

"That's in violation of the spirit of MLK, and that's where I have real
problems," he said. "I think it belittles his dignity."

Mrs. King and her son Dexter, chairman-elect of the King Center, have charged
that the Park Service is trying to usurp the family's role of interpreter of the
King legacy. They also accuse the Park Service of cutting back-room deals.

May draw 100,000 daily

Dexter King did not return calls, but the family has called a press conference
for 10 a.m. today.

The Rev. James Orange, a King Center adviser, said neighborhood leaders have
sided with the Park Service "only because they have gained something."

Added Orange: "The point is, who better than the King Center can deal with the
legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.? If the history has to be told on the civil
rights movement, the federal government ain't got that information."

The visitors center, planned for completion in spring 1996, is expected to
handle an estimated 100,000 guests daily during the Centennial Olympics. In
addition to the exhibit giving context about King, the civil rights movement and
the neighborhood, the Park Service will offer headphone tours containing a menu
of four hours of information.

Howard Spiller, who as president of the Sweet Auburn Area Improvement
Association represents 25 member entities, many with divergent agendas, has not
given up on bringing the Kings into the fold.

Spiller said he and other neighborhood leaders would work with the Kings to help
assemble a site for their project directly behind the King Center, facing
Edgewood Avenue.

"If they would settle down and understand what we're trying to do and join in
partnership with the community, they'd see all of this would work in the best
interest of the King family and Dr. King."

Staff writer Lyle V. Harris contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943570086

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Coretta Scott King

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              130 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ottawa Herald (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday

The Ottawa Herald, Kan., Tommy Felts column

BYLINE: Tommy Felts, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 792 words


Apr. 8--Our family bulldog threw up on Easter Sunday.

No, she didn't get a hold of any marshmallow Peeps, jelly beans or chocolate
candies. This was something else.

It wasn't puke in the traditional sense, though she certainly did empty the
contents of her stomach.

Half of a rubber toy. A surprisingly intact black sock. A doggie gift from
Christmas 2008. Something that looked like a piece of woven cord. And a few,
more difficult to identify, items.

What I recognized were things I hadn't seen for weeks, maybe even months. The
dog had decided to swallow them, but -- apparently unable to digest the assorted
menagerie of tasty baubles -- kept them around only to puke them up later.

In a word: Disgusting.

Quick action gathering these recycled Easter gifts from the grass kept our dog
from repeating the nasty swallow-store-puke cycle.

But the incident reminded me of something: Sarah Palin.

Wait ... what?

Let me explain.

Sassy Sarah, of course, burst onto the national political scene as Republican
presidential candidate John McCain's running mate.

She was young, energetic and charismatic. She revitalized a depressed party
battered and bruised by the Bush years.

Just like Barack Obama.

That familiar formula made her dangerous. It made her scary.

Fueled by fear and aided by sympathetic allies in the media and entertainment
industry, Palin's opponents launched a smear campaign of unprecedented hate and
demeaning rhetoric to eliminate the threat.

Belittle. Discredit. Destroy.

Their tactic worked. Voters swallowed it.

The McCain-Palin ticket lost.

Her foes rejoiced.

But the venom spewed during the campaign didn't go away after being gulped down.
It couldn't simply pass through her opponents' systems. No, the hate went
undigested, waiting to return.

Obama took office. It waited.

Many Americans quickly became disenchanted. It waited.

Tax Day approached. It waited.

Then came the TEA Party.

(Insert puke here.)

TEA Party protests captured the sentiments of an increasingly frustrated
American public -- folks concerned about rising taxes, limitations on liberty
and a growing government with a seemingly insatiable appetite for spending.

Uh-oh.

Protesters took to the streets from coast to coast with a powerful message.
Worse, people started listening.

Like Palin's popularity, this couldn't be allowed to continue.

Belittle. Discredit. Destroy.

Opponents of the TEA Party ridiculed participants as "right-wing nutjobs,"
"political extremists" and "teabaggers." They called them liars, racists and,
finally, began accusing them of trying to incite violence.

These are fringe elements of society, they told us. They're not like you and me.
They're crazy.

Maybe if it's said enough times and in enough ways, we'll all begin to believe
it. We'll swallow the calculated campaign of hate and misinformation.

Maybe not.

A pair of polls, reported by the Los Angeles Times, busts the myths about the
"fringe" nature of the TEA Party.

According to a recent poll from the Winston Group, the movement is more
bipartisan than its opponents would have us believe. The number of poll
respondents identifying themselves TEA Party members broke down as 28 percent
independent, 17 percent Democrat and only 57 percent Republican.

A separate poll released this week by USA Today/Gallup supports the claim
Republicans make up only about half of the TEA Party. And while it finds the
group's members are more likely to be conservative than liberal, "In several
other respects, however -- their age, educational background, employment status
and race -- Tea Partiers are quite representative of the public at large."

How's that for fringe?

Another Tax Day nears and the anti-TEA Party rhetoric is intensifying. The
people who once decried an "us versus them" mentality want you to think just
like that -- pick a side; their side.

But since they apparently can't win the hearts and minds of frustrated Americans
with an honest debate about the issues, they'll continue to spew up the same old
name-calling, ridicule and calculated propaganda.

We've seen it before. Ask Sarah.

This venom easily is swallowed by some, but it never quite digests.

It sits and percolates ... then gets vomited up again.

It's a nasty cycle. It's disgusting.

Protest or don't ... but please don't swallow the puke.

Tommy Felts is managing editor for The Ottawa Herald. E-mail him at
tfelts@ottawaherald.com

To see more of The Ottawa Herald, Kan., or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottawaherald.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Ottawa Herald, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100408-IQ-FELTS-COL-20100408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQ


                        Copyright 2010 The Ottawa Herald


                              131 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday
                                2 Tampa Edition

A LINEUP THAT'S BUILT TO LOSE

BYLINE: GARY SHELTON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 820 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Alas, Stephen Vogt could not save them.

Sadly, Ben Francisco could not ease their pain.

Heartache upon heartache, Elliot Johnson could not save the day.

Sigh.

In other words, Misdemeanor's Row was back in business Saturday afternoon at
Yankee Stadiums. The Punchless Wonders have lost again.

In a game that will be remembered for all the little guys walking to the plate
in all the big moments, the Rays have stumbled again. This time, they lost 5-3
to New York, their fifth loss in their past six games. At this point, that
mantra about how many games are left is starting to sound like a comedy routine.

They are running in place, these Rays, and for a while now, it has been third
place. They cannot close ground because they cannot string wins together, and
they cannot string wins together because they cannot score, and they cannot
score because they cannot come up with key hits, and they cannot come up with
key hits because they cannot hit period. They are not often, and they are not
enough.

Pretty much, that sums up Saturday, doesn't it?

Also, the rest of the season.

Where else would you see this? It was the top of the ninth inning, one man on,
and there were two men out, and here comes High-Voltage Vogt to the plate.
Really? As a major-league hitter, Vogt had batted 17 times, and he had made 17
outs. Officially, Vogt was off to the worst start in the history of the Rays.

Around here, he is the last chance.

When Vogt came to the plate, the Yankees immediately huddled together to google
"Vogt" and see what came up. Seriously, don't you wonder what was said in that
huddle? "If he hits it, where is it likely to go? Durham?" After all, how to
Vogt is pretty much the question of the fall, isn't it?

"I thought he could hit one into that rightfield porch," said manager Joe
Maddon.

And guess what? Vogt, unleashed, drew a walk.

Then came Johnson, who has hit just .188 with runners in scoring position since
the first of July, to hit with two runners on. He struck out.

With the Rays, it is always a vicious cycle. The reason the pinch-hitters at the
end were so unimpressive is that the ones you might have preferred were called
upon earlier in the game, and the reason for that is that the starting batting
order is so ineffective itself. Sometimes, you look at the pitching of this
team, and you wonder why it is behind in the playoff race. Then you look at the
hitting, and you wonder how it is anywhere close.

In some ways, games like this were lost last January, when the Rays brought in
The New Hit Show. In nine days, they signed Luke Scott, who has been injured,
and Carlos Pena, who has been inexcusable. These were supposed to be answers to
the Rays' hitting woes that left owner Stuart Sternberg lamenting the lack of
bats after the final loss in the Rangers' playoff series.

Instead, they have struggled. Pena is hitting only .193, but he also has only 17
homers. Scott is hitting .215 with 13 homers. Add in the struggles of Matt Joyce
(who is hitting .151 over the past month), and you can understand why the Rays
struggle so badly against right-handed pitching. Combined, the three of them
have hit only three home runs since Aug. 19.

If those three guys were hitting, perhaps Maddon would have sat still during the
seventh. Instead, he made the telling move to pinch-hit for Pena ... with backup
catcher Chris Gimenez. What does that tell you? Gimenez is a lifetime .178
hitter, and as soon as the Yankees changed pitchers, Maddon pulled Gimenez for
Sam Fuld, who grounded out to the pitcher.

Then there was the move to pinch-hit Francisco for Joyce later in the inning
because he liked the matchup of Francisco vs. Boone Logan. Francisco then tried
to bunt down the third-base line, only the ball ended up as a blooper-reel popup
over the pitcher's head, and the lead runner was quickly thrown out.

If it had not been sad to see, it would have been amusing. Don't you wonder what
the Yankees were saying when they huddled to discuss how to pitch to Vogt? What
are the odds that Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez had even heard of him? Answer:
Not good.

Look, this isn't meant to belittle players such as Vogt. It's meant to belittle
a team that doesn't have any better options in the middle of a huge game in a
playoff chase. Do you think the Yankees have an 0-for-17 hitter ready for his
shot in the ninth inning? The Orioles? The Angels?

Frankly, the guys don't win games like this because they aren't constructed to
win games like this. They aren't dangerous enough. They aren't deep enough.

You know who the Rays are these days? They are Evan Longoria's bad leg, the one
he drags around the field to do what he can. Still, he's the Ray you want to see
most when he walks toward the plate.

For the Rays, that's what the season has become: A limp and a prayer.

That, and a calendar that is turning over faster than a team seems to realize.

Listen to Gary Shelton weekdays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 98.7-FM The Fan.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 27, 2007 Thursday

Egyptian independent, opposition press review 27 September 2007

LENGTH: 1105 words


The independent and opposition press focused on the strikes staged by workers in
a key textile factory and freedom of the press on 27 September.

Textile workers' strike

In Al-Wafd, Wajdi Zayn-al-Din writes about the strikes at the Al-Mahallah
Weaving Company: "This is the people's uprising against the deprivation from
which the Egyptian citizen suffers," Zayn-al-Din. He went on: "Let the Minister
[of Labour] know, along with her kind, who do not feel with the hungry in Egypt,
that the Al-Mahallah's workers' strike is not spontaneous." He continued: "It is
civil disobedience against a regime that does not have mercy on its shattered
and hungry subjects who cannot find but a loaf of bread." He then mocks the
statements of state officials which belittle the workers' plight. "Their rosy
statements are far from reality and make a mockery of the workers and their
pains."

Al-Wafd's Muhammad Mustafa Shardi writes about the ruling National Democratic
Party (NDP), the opposition parties and their relationship with the Egyptian
leadership. "The political parties are practising their legitimate right. If we
spot any negative issue, it should be exploited, commented on, published and
debated," Shardi wrote. He explains that this is the role of real democracy in
any other country in the world. "Any other state that respects democracy follows
the same methods. The opposition's role is to highlight the negative issues," he
said. However, Shardi says that the roles are not played well in Egypt as the
leadership has another point of view with regard to the opposition. "Any attempt
to reveal any flaw in the regime is considered a crime. Any political movement
on the streets... is destabilizing to the security and the regime's stability,"
Shardi wrote, noting that the opposition is the side that is the most concerned
about Egypt. Shardi ends his article by drawing notice to the ongoing workers'
strike in Al-Mahallah Weaving Company. "Had the Al-Mahallah's workers been
granted their rights, would they have answered any party or political side's
call?"

Al-Dustur's Ibrahim Isa writes about the latest strikes plaguing the Al-Mahallah
Weaving Company. He believes that the leadership will overlook the real reasons
for the strike and immediately accuse the Muslim Brotherhood of provoking it.
"The Security Services will immediately accuse the Muslim Brotherhood and some
underground communist political organizations of being behind stirring up these
protests," Isa wrote. "As for those businessmen sitting in Egypt's ruling seats,
their point of view is that the workers are being lazy and that they should be
thanking God for what they currently have," Isa said drawing notice to the
Egyptian-Israeli QIZ Treaty [Qualified Industrial Zones] which allows Egyptian
textile factories to export their products to the USA as long as those products
contain Israeli raw materials. According to Isa, the businessmen want to close
down the Al-Mahallah Weaving Company because it refuses to normalize relations
with Israel and participate in the QIZ treaty. "The state is using, in this
conflict, a policy to impoverish the Al-Mahallah's workers and the workers of
other textile plants which are not into normalized relations with Israel."

Freedom of the press

Al-Wafd's Editor-in-Chief Anwar al-Hawari who has been recently sentenced to two
years in prison, writes an editorial about the freedom of the press in Egypt.
"The major problem is the arsenal of Egyptian laws which are crowded with tens
of articles that allow the imprisonment of journalists in cases of publishing,"
Al-Hawari wrote. "Those articles are the equivalent of buried mines," he said.
Al-Hawari said that although the Egyptian laws directly put the hurt on
journalists, it is the Egyptian state, however, that will suffer the most.
"Those articles tarnish the face of Egypt. They belittle its reputation and push
back its status in the world," he wrote. The author calls upon the Egyptian
journalists to undertake a strategy to abolish those laws and recommends a
two-principle plan. "The first principle is the unity of journalists. The family
of journalists should be warned against division...It is very likely that those
laws might be applied [one day] on Mr Usamah Saraya [Editor-in-Chief of the
government-owned Al-Ahram newspaper]," Al-Hawari wrote. "The second principle
calls for journalists, after unifying their ranks, to lead a dialogue with the
top institutions of the state... and that we manage to convince them of the
cause's fairness," he continued.

Ahmad Ayub in Nahdat Misr writes about the freedom of the press and the NDP. It
should be noted that he is also a member of the NDP. "What is happening now is
clearly the beginning of an expected and violent clash between the journalism
body and the authority," Ayub wrote. He calls upon his colleague to admit to
some mistakes and infringements made as part of an overture that would lead to
burying the hatchet. "We, as journalists, must confess that there was some
infringement that tainted the performance of many newspapers," Ayub wrote.
"However, in return and on a parallel path, there should be a saner and a calmer
governmental action," he continued. Ayub appears to believe that the NDP will
not disappoint him, and that the party will move towards resolving the issue.
"In the coming days, we might hear that the NDP is taking action in order to
convince its members to drop the lawsuit against the journalists which they had
filed earlier," Ayub wrote. "However, should the party take this action, it will
be up to the Journalism Syndicate to take action and bear its responsibilities."

In Al-Misri al-Yawm, Amr al-Shubaki gives his opinion about why Al-Dustur
newspaper has been so aggressively targeted by official bodies. "The truth is
that the punishment of the Al-Dustur experiment comes in the light of its
positive and bold sides. It is worrisome to any lazy government because it is a
successful newspaper with a special style in self-expression," Al-Shobaki wrote
in defence of Al-Dustur. The author shows respect of Al-Dustur's style, honesty
and integrity. "The truth is that the government's problem with Al-Dustur
newspaper lies in its restlessness and extreme anger over turning the red lights
into green ones... i.e. criticizing the president and his policies and rejecting
the 'inheritance' plan," Al-Shobaki said. "What some losers in the profession
are saying about the Al-Dustur experiment with their condescending look over its
young and interesting experience is something that raises our doubts."

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring, in English 27 Sep 07

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           February 24, 2007 Saturday

Brutal, bloody, merciless - and set to beguile Britain

BYLINE: Jim White

SECTION: SPORT; BOXING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1186 words


QUINTON is an unexpected Christian name for a man whose professional life
consists of jumping on top of another bloke and trying to separate him from
consciousness. But there is no mistaking the fact that Quinton Jackson, with
shoulders the width of a small housing estate and a scowl that could curdle milk
at 40 paces, means business. With his unyielding stare, the weighty anchor chain
he wears round his neck and the wolf-like howl he delivers as he makes his way
to his place of work, this is a Quinton of such ferocious demeanour he makes
Ricky Hatton look like, well, Quentin Crisp. No wonder he glories in the
nickname of Rampage.

Jackson is a rising star of UFC, the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He was in
action earlier this month in a UFC promotion in Las Vegas, where he demolished
his light heavyweight opponent Marvin "The Beastman'' Eastman in not much more
time than it takes to say the poor defeated fighter's name. One right upper cut,
delivered to the Beastman's chin after no more than a few seconds of kicking,
punching, hacking and throttling, left the Beastman staggering round as if he
had just been flattened by a toppled wardrobe. As his vanquished opponent was
attended to by several doctors, Jackson revealed himself to have a turn of
self-aware wit not normally associated with a man of such uncompromising
appearance.

"Marvin's my brother,'' he said. "But when I step up to the plate it is time for
some black on black crime.''

At which the 14,000 paying customers in the enormous arena at the Mandalay Bay
casino cheered Rampage to the echo.

There is a lot more to UFC than just some extravagant nicknames (how about the
former Croatian policeman Mirko Filopovic who is known by the shorthand "Cro
Cop''? Or would you fancy living next door to Travis "The Serial Killer''
Lutter?). The finances are pretty extravagant too. The evening Jackson was in
action, the box office receipts topped $4million ( pounds 2,037,650). This is a
business that draws the largest pay-per-view audience of any televised American
sport. Now UFC is bringing its brouhaha to Britain, with a promotion to be
staged at Manchester MEN Arena on April 21. We should not be surprised at the
venue: what Vegas did yesterday, Manchester does tomorrow. And the UFC chief
executive Dana White has no doubts the MEN will be as packed as any of his
American presentations.

"It's not rocket science,'' he says. "Though other sports seem to have forgotten
it. You give the crowd what they want and they will come.''

UFC was not always this popular. It first staged fights in the early Nineties,
as an attempt to provide a unitary platform for boxers, wrestlers and martial
artists, an opportunity to prove who was the toughest. The generic term is mixed
martial arts, but there was little that was artistic about the reputation UFC
developed. It became regarded as the semi-feral sibling of the urban brawling
movement depicted in the movie Fight Club, beloved by the lads' mags who
relished its lawlessness: no rules, no restrictions, no time limits just two men
battering each other into submission.

In case anyone missed the symbolism, bouts took place not in a traditional
boxing ring, but in a cage. It was cockfighting, but with humans instead of
birds.

Not surprisingly, television companies ran scared of the phenomenon, unwilling
for their shareholders to be associated with a spectacle quite as unhinged.

It wasn't just television that declined to take part. By 2000, UFC had been
banned by the Nevada State Athletic Commission and had become derided in
political circles. The Arizona Senator, John McCain, in particular railed
against its brutality.

The sport appeared destined to descend into unregulated back street infamy, the
karate equivalent of bare-knuckle boxing. It seemed a risky acquisition, then,
when Dana White, a former boxer, bought UFC in 2001. But the turnaround he
effected in its fortunes was remarkable.

The first thing he did was to change the nomenclature: the cage became The
Octagon, invariably with a trademark suffix. Tough referees were installed,
rules tightened, drug-testing introduced, doctors put Octagon-side.

Within six months, White had persuaded the NSAC to reverse its decision, so was
able to stage fights in Vegas. He promoted shows in boxing's back yard with all
the panache of rock concerts. And a reality talent series recruiting new members
of his stable called The Ultimate Fighter was a huge television hit.

In the process White drew in an audience that had been largely absent from the
American sporting scene: young, white and middle class; what you might call - if
you were being uncharitable - teenage wimps thrilling to a vicarious punch up.

"Young Americans don't watch boxing, baseball or football any more, that's what
their dads do,'' says White. "But they watch UFC.''

Such a demographic had virtually deserted television, and thus the broadcast
executives, when they saw White's crowd, were desperate to put his shows into
their schedules. They are now shown in 36 countries, including Britain on the
Bravo channel.

"Anyone who comes to our presentation in Manchester will see this is the real
deal,'' claims White.

"There is no faking in UFC. And, unlike other television sports, we never forget
our audience in the arena. It is full-on entertainment from the off.''

It is that all right. In the Vegas venue where Quinton went on his Rampage, rap
music was pumped out at rib-threatening volume, while the light show was like
Oxford Street at Christmas time. Interestingly, however, there was none of the
absurd pantomime of, for instance, World Wrestling Entertainment bouts. Fighters
walked to their appointment in The Octagon, no-one floated there, Prince
Naseem-like, on a magic carpet. And once inside, every fight was preceded not by
eye-balling and rhetoric, but by bows of mutual respect.

"That's the martial arts background,'' explains Mike Bisping, the UFC's one
British fighter, who will be on the Manchester card and was an interested
spectator at Vegas. "You are trained not to belittle an opponent.''

Not to belittle him, perhaps. But once a bout began, the fighters wasted little
time in trying to overcome their rival, grabbing and jabbing, grappling and
kneeing, doing anything necessary to procure advantage.

Fights are conducted at whirring pace, often over before you have realised they
have begun. In one middleweight contest on Rampage's undercard, the referee
stepped in after just 14 seconds when one of the fighters was at the wrong end
of a flying drop kick to the temple.

Indeed, the speed with which the official moved points to a paradox at the heart
of UFC. It is perceived among its audience as a no-holds-barred blood fest. Gore
and mutilation are, let's be honest here, what its largely adolescent following
craves. Yet, in order to protect its hard-won status as a properly regulated
athletic pursuit, medical intervention comes much earlier than in boxing.

"We have had no deaths in The Octagon,'' says White. "And we intend to keep it
that way.''

Mayhem for the health and safety age: UFC isn't just a sport, then. It's a
metaphor of our times

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 7, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

...And the Things He Finds 'Unimportant'

BYLINE: Richard Cohen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A27

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: New York


In the last week of 1982, in the quiet time between Christmas and New Year's, I
had breakfast with Gary Hart and struck a deal. I would write a book about his
upcoming campaign. I would be granted entry to every meeting, be locked out of
none, but I would write nothing until after the campaign was over. With a nod,
he agreed.

And so for two weeks I traveled with Hart. I attended strategy sessions. I
watched speeches being prepared, big givers being wooed and deals cut with
political leaders. In some meetings, there were only three people in the room:
Hart, the person he was wooing and me. Has any other presidential candidate ever
been more open to the press?

For several reasons, I abandoned my project. For the rest of that campaign, I
continued to see Hart but without any special access. On and off, I covered his
campaign. Occasionally, I dined with him -- one time, in New Hampshire, with
Hart and his daughter. Those who think Gary Hart is a cold man ought to see him
with his daughter. Whatever else he may be, he is a loving, even adoring,
father.

The man I got to know a bit is a complex human being -- the most private of
public persons. For that reason, his public mortification is painful to watch.
At the newspaper publishers' association meeting here, he took questions that
amounted to asking whether he had sex with a woman who is not his wife. From the
back of the room, you could almost hear history turn a page: what other
presidential candidate had ever been asked such a question in a public forum?
What are we -- I the press, you the voter -- entitled to know and, more
complicated by far, what does this knowledge tell us? If a man cheats on his
wife, would he be disqualified for the presidency?

For me, the questions are almost beside the point. The point, instead, is that
for all his evident abilities -- his keen intellect, for instance -- Gary Hart
should not be president of the United States. The reason has nothing to do with
his personal morality, but rather his need to deny the unpalatable. Hart has a
mental category to which he assigns personal issues or questions with which he
does not want to deal. He labels them "unimportant." I am sure that he is
cramming the most recent episode into that already stuffed drawer.

Hart's explanation of his relationship with Donna Rice begs credulity. But the
literal truth hardly matters. He knew, having been accused of womanizing, what
the rules were. He was obliged to conduct himself like Caesar's wife. Instead,
he arrogantly conducted himself like Caesar. He belittled the new rules as
unimportant, and the press, like so many Roman conspirators, brought him down:
Et tu, Miami Herald?

In his last campaign, Hart denied the importance of the so-called age issue. He
would not -- indeed, maybe he could not -- explain why he had fudged his age.
Several times, he told me that the issue was "unimportant," that voters did not
care about it, only the press. There were more important issues to deal with, he
said -- the economy, Central America, his particular and at times brilliant view
of the future. He could not, he would not, admit that the overriding issue,
always and forever, is character. In that area, he belittles criticism, denies
it standing and unilaterally asserts his own hierarchy: what is unpleasant is
unimportant.

The imperative to belittle and ignore the human side of politics seriously flaws
Gary Hart. His 1984 campaign, more disorganized than most, was an airborne
collection of antagonistic aides and consultants. Hart could not tidy things up.
The persons closest to the candidate felt distanced from him; the bonding
between candidate and staff, so essential to the running of a campaign and,
should it come to that, the smooth operation of a White House, was lacking. The
campaign was a crusade of free-lancers, and Hart was the foremost of them. The
candidate seemed to feel that he was a historical force and destiny his campaign
manager. He would win if he was going to win.

The presidency is special, not for every politician. There are other ways to
serve. Hart was a good, thoughtful senator, even brave at times. But his
intellect seeks an office his character and personality reject. Once again in
New York, he asserted what he thought was important -- his "ideas, issues and
policies" -- and, by implication, what is not -- the sort of person he is. With
that, he went off to New Hampshire, not knowing the voters or, most important,
himself.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              135 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 2, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

Clinic story distorts health care issues

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 2096 words



Re: Patient could pay but was turned down, April 25.

    The aforementioned article unashamedly elevates innuendo over truth, and
nobody wins.

    A prospective patient fails a financial screening and is therefore denied
professional services. What makes this front-page news? Is the incident
important because of the supposed foolhardiness of a local health facility in
turning down cash? Hardly. And, in any case, one guesses that since the
Diagnostic Clinic depends on patient revenues, there is some rational basis for
its policies, which may involve obtaining personal credit information that it is
not privileged to publicize.

    Was the article significant for its revelations about local health-care
access? Obviously not. Ms. Dean was able to see a doctor elsewhere, and for a
reasonable price. Were important legal or ethical issues raised? No, again.
There is no evidence that the clinic acted improperly.

    It's hard to escape the conclusion that the St. Petersburg Times featured
this story for its heavy-handed suggestion that health providers are callous for
concerning themselves with patients' ability to pay. To develop this theme, much
of the article focused on the costly cancer treatment received previously by Ms.
Dean's daughter. Her Tampa physician, according to staff writer Carol Gentry,
waived away any concern about who would pay for several thousand dollars of
chemotherapy. Are we also to believe that the physician should have been
prepared to pay for it himself?

    The disturbing thing about this kind of good guy-bad guy portrayal is that
it trivializes and distorts the serious issues which must be confronted if we
are to achieve meaningful reform of America's health-care system. While Ms.
Gentry and the Times look for villains to blame, people like the Deans will
still be uninsured, the Diagnostic Clinic will still be trying to serve our
community and also make ends meet, and none of us will be closer to real
solutions.
 R. Granger Benson, M.D., Clearwater
 Don't belittle war effort


      Re: Report questions number of Iraqi troops in gulf war, April 24.

    Will someone please explain to me why the House Armed Services Committee has
devoted so much time and taxpayers' money to a report of so-called inadequacies
and erroneous data contained in the Pentagon study concerning the gulf war?

    It would seem to me that their time could be spent in matters that concern
the future of our nation and its need to survive in the world.  Also, they
should devote some of their energies in cleaning up the political mess in their
own arena.

    Regardless of what mistakes were made, or how much may have been glossed
over or played down, the important fact remains that a tyrant dictator was
"knocked on his fanny." There is always a price to pay for what is right.

    It is up to the military to learn from its errors and prevent any recurrence
in the future. I am confident that it has.

    I am still proud of our role in Operation Desert Storm and of all the men
and women who served in the war, particularly those who made the supreme
sacrifice for freedom. Let's not tarnish their efforts with needless and
shameful efforts to belittle what was a shining hour in American history.
 Roy T. McMillan, Spring Hill
 Let's start over


      Re: Council debates charter group, April 15, about the charter review
commission.

    As it is presently constituted, it does nothing more than multiply by two
the views presently held by our "esteemed council." Anyone out there who
believes otherwise believes in the tooth fairy.

    The most galling aspect of all this is the unmitigated effrontery of these
people as to their belief that we are all morons and completely incapable of
seeing through this charade.

    One of your astute contributors recently pointed out the make-up of another
"commission," i.e., lawyers, lawyers, CEOs, lawyers ad nauseam This is hardly a
cross-section of society needed to think upon these issues. Lawyers and CEOs are
the last section of our populace to be entrusted with these duties. We are,
after all, "governed" by a Congress made up mostly of lawyers. And just look at
the lovely mess they've put us in. Almost 30 cents of every tax dollar goes just
to the interest on the national debt.

    We have only one alternative left, and that's at the voting booth.  Vote
them out All of them, without exceptions. It is the only way change will occur.
A very small percentage of "resident charlatans" who don't deserve it may be
purged, but that's a small price to pay.

    Let's start over before it's too late. Pray the Times will join us.
 Ed Coghlan, St. Petersburg
 Sharing the blame


   Re: University of South Florida enrollment shortfall.

    In a recent article concerning the shortfall in lower-division enrollment at
the University of South Florida I noted that a variety of rather bland-sounding
excuses were offered by the president, provost, and other members of the
university staff.

    The article went on to explain the financial implications to USF, and
possibly to the total state university system due to an enrollment formula that
punishes the system for underenrolling.

    While I have to assume that the report was excerpted, at least in part, I
noticed the absence of any mention of the role of the director of admissions in
this matter. Based upon long years of experience in a state university system,
it surprises me no end.

    The director of admissions is not unlike the head coach of the football
team; if the team loses, the team and its president will remain, while the coach
becomes the sacrificial lamb. Job security for an admissions director requires a
current resume as a prerequisite.

    Where I come from the director of admissions, usually mired in the
unenviable mid-management scheme of things, is not only responsible for
representing the university to potential enrollees, but is counted upon, based
on professional expertise, to admit sufficient students to meet pre-established
goals a catch-word for quotas.

    While I hate to see any fellow colleague suffer the ignominious fate of
carrying the full load of blame for an enrollment shortfall, I suggest some
fault must be laid at the feet of the university's admissions director.
 Eric B. Moch, Director of Admissions (retired),
 Northeastern Illinois University, Chicago, Ill.
 Repaying society


   In the past many people have objected to capital punishment, giving the basis
for their objections that of inhumanity to man.  Another often heard statement
is the phrase, "his execution will not bring back the life of the murdered
victim." I have an idea that may appeal to many of the law abiding citizens who
have read and endorse the biblical law of "an eye for an eye."

    Carefully have a full review of all the evidence to avoid the taking of an
innocent life, then when no doubt remains, set the execution date and adhere to
it. Immediately upon the death of the criminal, take any organs which may be
utilized to restore a heart, save sight, allow someone to get off a machine.
This unusual concept of retribution could certainly restore life to individuals
who have little hope.

    I sincerely hope this idea is embraced and developed by some of our
lawmakers and proves to be beneficial.
  Albert Best, St. Petersburg
 Borkowski's vision for USF


   James Harper's prizeworthy reporting on USF President Frank Borkowski's
day-to-day ups and downs goes with the flow of the news. It has to. But the real
story of this presidency remains to be told, since it comes to the surface in
daily decisions too obscure to require reporting: his vision of USF as a major,
national university for West Central Florida. He has said so many times, and his
presidency has brought USF a long way toward that goal. That too is news, but it
is the long-term, glacial news that is hard to cover.

    But his is a controversial goal for West Central Florida and USF.  Two of
the nine state university system campuses, University of Florida and Florida
State University, envision the other seven units of the system as subordinate,
mediocre, third-rate and inexpensive, preferring to speak (in UF President
Lombardi's language) of "the two state universities and the seven regional
universities." It certainly would save the state university system headaches to
invest mostly in the two old campuses and let the seven newer ones languish.

    It is time to recognize what is at stake in the sustained, sometimes unfair,
and in part picayune, attack on a presidency that has given remarkable
leadership to a potentially marvelous university. If some in the state
university system want to rid themselves of President Borkowski, let them
forthrightly state their reason.  Those who take pride in his leadership can
readily state ours: He wants for this community a USF worthy of the excellence
of the people and the region that it serves nothing less.
 Jacob Neusner, Distinguished Research Professor
 of Religious Studies, USF-St. Petersburg
 The appeal of Perot's message


    The simple message of H. Ross Perot has great appeal to us simpletons who
have voted faithfully for 30 years for those candidates who promised leadership
guided by common sense and good judgment but who, when elected, found it easier
to succumb to the "Good Ole Boy" bureaucracy maintained by the financial
influence of special interest groups.

    We simpletons realize how strong this bureaucratic influence has , become
during the 200 years since we were warned of its ability to poison a democracy.
The warning came from Thomas Jefferson, one of the simpletons who helped write
our great Declaration of Independence.

    We further realize that Mr. Perot or any other individual cannot overcome
the strength of bureaucratic members. That the only way change can be realized
is by a thorough "house" cleaning.

    There are those who would have us believe that limited terms would weaken
our system. They believe that without the job security opportunity of being
re-elected the official would have no desire to do a good job. This could be
true. We have in our hands the tools to effect change without making new laws.
We must show all the "Good Ole Boys" in our house that we are madder than hell
and we are not going to take it any longer.
 Philip Sansom, Largo
 Capital gains confusion


      Your editorials of late have been commendably free of confusion between
capital gains and income, perhaps due to past letters.  However, this
clarification apparently has not been shared with Bartlett and Steele. In their
article, excerpted from the Philadelphia Inquirer and appearing on page 1 of the
April 12 Perspective, the following phrases appear:

    " tax cut for capital gains income derived from the sale of stocks, bonds,
commodities and other assets." Another quote: "The remaining $ 42-billion in
capital gains income " and so on through the section devoted to taxation of
capital gains.

    To equate capital gains to income is vicious, since in the article in
question it tends (or maybe intends) to lead those with little capital to
believe that the majority of those with capital gains avoid paying, or pay too
little income tax. To use capital gains to supplement income except in dire
emergency is considered a crime by those who hope to conserve the purchasing
power of their capital against the ravages of inflation caused by government
spending money it does not have.

    During the rampant inflation of the last few years, anyone with capital is
fortunate if he ends up with the same purchasing power he started with. To
subject the apparent increase of capital (capital gains), in terms of a
depreciated dollar, to taxes is double taxation, since any income derived from
the use of the capital has already been taxed.

    I hope the editors will be more selective in the articles they reproduce, or
at least subject them to scrutiny, and delete terms that are possibly
intentionally false.
 John Alden Keyser, Dunedin
 Share your opinions


   We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed
to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, 33731. Or they can be
sent by facsimile machine by calling the Times' fax number: 893-8675.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; A man in the hospital has his phone
for life unplugged by a nurse

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              136 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 12, 1999, Friday

Clearwater Hospital provided service to community

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1021 words



I was saddened to learn about the closing of Clearwater Community Hospital.
Although I have been retired for several years, I was on the hospital's medical
staff for many years.

During my time at the hospital, I felt that the administration functioned well.
The medical staff was well-trained and competent. The nursing staff was superb,
a key factor in any hospital's operation. Patients received good and
personalized care.

Although there are a number of fine hospitals in this area, I always felt that
Clearwater Community provided a unique service to the city and the surrounding
area. I'm sorry to see it end.

Edwin Stewart, M.D., Clearwater

Ambulances serve the purpose

  Re: Largo pursues EMS contract, story, Feb. 3.

City officials, you report, admit the county's present emergency medical system
is one of the nation's most expensive plans while being one of the country's
best, but it "is often inefficient."

Often inefficient? It is always inefficient to deliver a couple of medics and
their equipment to a medical emergency (no fire) in a 10-ton firetruck loaded
with ladders, hoses, pumps, axes and all the other paraphernalia equipped to
fight fires. In fact, it is worse than inefficient; it is stupidly so.

If the emergency does not involve a fire (and I suspect that the majority of 911
calls are for medical emergencies such as heart attacks, strokes, broken bones
and crashes with no fire), then the ambulance-only response makes sense.

F. Acton, Clearwater

Cronyism belittles public offices

  At the Feb. 4 Dunedin City Commission meeting during "commission comments,"
one commissioner made comments which were obviously meant to endorse one of the
candidates in the Feb. 9 election. He also made statements that were clearly
aimed against one of the other candidates in the same election.

When this injustice was obviously being challenged by another commissioner, not
only did the mayor prevent that commissioner from being heard, the mayor
actually added comments of his own which were obviously political in nature.
Although the city attorney ruled that these comments were legal, many citizens
are of the opinion that these comments were totally inappropriate behavior on
the part of the outgoing commissioner as well as the mayor.

Allowing this kind of blatant "cronyism" to exist at a public city commission
meeting belittles the public's respect for the offices to which these
individuals have been elected.

Bill Douglas, Dunedin

Lack of change leads to skepticism

  I recently returned to Clearwater after being away for 20 years, and the most
striking - and disturbing - thing I noticed was that nothing had changed.
Gulf-to-Bay, downtown, the beach all looked the same as they did in 1979, the
last year I lived in Clearwater.

Couldn't any of our leaders see what was happening in Destin, Boca Raton, Fort
Lauderdale, Naples and you name it? The new slogan "One City. One Future" sounds
good but based on the track record of our city government, I am skeptical.

Bob Breslo, Clearwater

Barricades will reduce accidents

  Re: Intersection again leads in accidents, story, Jan. 23.

If the powers-that-be really want to reduce, if not eliminate, the number of
crashes at Belcher and Ulmerton roads, they will install railroad-crossing
barricades.

Charles William Pedrick, Largo

Police need to return to U.S. 19

  Re: U.S. 19 traffic solution lies in better law enforcement, letter, Feb. 9.

I agree 100 percent with the letter writer; he pretty well sums it up. I travel
U.S. 19 every day and have never seen any traffic law enforcement whatsoever.

The only time I see a cop on that road is after an accident has already
occurred. My question: Just when did the police abandon the enforcement of
traffic laws?

Ralph Esten, Largo

McMullen-Booth lights need checking

Re: McMullen-Booth Road traffic signals.

I frequently travel McMullen-Booth Road, most times in the morning, from
Enterprise Road south. I would request a check of the timing on the traffic
signals facing southbound traffic along McMullen-Booth Road in the morning rush
times and northbound in the early evening. There appears to be too much time on
green lights alloted to traffic crossing McMullen-Booth, particularly at Sunset
Point Road.

It appears to me that widening McMullen-Booth Road to help move traffic north
and south has been negated by a poor signal system. Hopefully, the responsible
county authority will check on this problem.

Nicholas T. Lapetina, Clearwater

Leaders need real solutions for U.S. 19

The continuous right-turn project on U.S. 19 for which the county is patting
itself on the back is purely a Band-Aid. Until the county and state commit the
planning and funds to long-range improvement of U.S. 19, they're simply
blacktopping the road to hell. More drivers and pedestrians will meet their
maker, or the other fellow, thanks to the county's well-meaning but stupid
intentions.

The real answers, of course, are to:

decrease the number of drivers by enforcing current laws regulating the
condition of the driver and his car (25 percent of all vehicles on the road are
uninsured, unlicensed or operated by drivers who have lost their licenses or
should have); and

bite the bullet and overpass all major intersections including Curlew, Tampa and
Alderman roads, or double-deck all of U.S. 19 from Ulmerton Road to Pasco
County.

Penny for Pinellas, which will generate more than a billion dollars, is more
than enough to black-top all of north county. You can bank on our leaders to
fritter it away on "nice but not necessary" projects. The state has so much tax
money, it is planning to give millions back to property owners and throw a sales
tax moratorium for a couple of days. Yet they can't find money for improving
U.S. 19. Each year U.S. 19 kills at least 14 people, injures or cripples untold
hundreds more and causes millions of dollars worth of property damage and
insurance costs.

If you think driving U.S. 19 is hell today, just imagine the mayhem when we have
to evacuate Pinellas County in an emergency.

David Grimm, Palm Harbor


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              137 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Play the blame game;
TV REVIEW

BYLINE: Ruth Ritchie

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Arts & Entertainment; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 737 words


Shrink Rap

ABC 2, Wednesday 9.25pm

Brat Camp

ABC 1, Tuesday, 8.30pm

Kitchen Nightmares USA

Nine, Thursday, 9.30pm

Why bad behaviour makes for compulsive viewing.

PSYCHOLOGIST Pamela Stephen- son appears to work better as a comedian. That's my
personal construct. The '80s, what I can remember of them, were good.

I was never scarred by an episode of Not The Nine O'Clock News but that nasty
nonsense Dr Stephenson-Connolly embarked on last year when she went sailing
around the world looking for her pirate ancestors may haunt me forever.

Shrink Rap, complete with natty title, is a show that could not have been
produced last century. Sure, Oprah was paving the way but the idea of prominent,
emotionally unstable Brits conducting a therapy session with an ageing blonde
comic-shrink in front of a camera would have been unthinkable.

Geoffrey Robertson's Hypotheticals used to look like radical TV. Ray Martin used
to ask the "tough" questions. Nobody cried in front of a camera unless they
needed to get re-elected.

On Shrink Rap, Dr Pamela Anderson - er - Stephenson, no - Connolly, presumably
after lengthy research, conducts several years of therapy in one hour, which
makes for curious entertainment.

Is it right or responsible to revisit the 20th century, that terrible place
where parents knew no better, violent indifference was just part of childhood,
where no blame can be apportioned to the innocent child who grew into the
slightly reprehensible adult?

I can't help but feel Dr Connolly is a person who loves to pass around Get Out
of Jail Free cards (again, another personal construct rooted in an idyllic
childhood of board games).

So we feel for Sharon Osbourne when she talks about shitting and pissing on
objects belonging to people she doesn't like. We wonder, as Pamela implores
Stephen Fry to see a sexual experience at school as abuse, how that helps. This
week, when the Duchess of York confessed all about her terrible body image,
through lips that seemed so heavily botoxed that her face barely moved, Dr
Connolly continued to draw out the abandoned "Little Sarah" without suggesting a
smack in the mouth for Big Sarah, going on 50, already sporting a fat lip, who
should know better.

If therapy is a private relationship, up there in the security-privacy stakes
with the confessional, why are millions of us watching and sharing our Dr
Phil-fuelled wisdom? It seems that, now that we actually watch people lose
weight for amusement, the gloves are off.

Brat Camp also brings out the armchair psychologist-sadist in us all. Is there
anything more satisfying than watching obscenely spoilt Pommy kids abuse and
belittle smug, self-righteous American wilderness counsellors, on a mountain, in
the rain? Everybody but the wilderness is a winner.

This group of horrendous, lumpy, pink-haired pompoms are all girls and food for
bears as far as this viewer is concerned. What did the parents do to deserve
teenage kids who hit them with hockey sticks and wish them dead for the
insurance money?

The Utah wilderness is far too good for these pimply angry punks. A few days
over at Sharon Osbourne's might sort them out faster than months in a sleeping
bag. I imagine she'd only have to shit on each of them once before they'd change
their tunes.

Again, this TV was impossible in the recent past. Would any self-respecting
stitched-up middle-class couple admit their daughter called them c---s on
international television? It's a pity that the American crew muddies this
recovery process with rituals that are so easy to mock. If I was blindfolded and
forced to walk along a log holding a boulder so that I get to eventually
unburden myself, I might unload it on a softly spoken counsellor's head. Yet the
message is simple: bad behaviour is not rewarded. When the bad behaviour stops,
they make progress.

If Gordon Ramsay went to Brat Camp or Pamela Camp, we'd have something a bit
special. What's more fun than watching teenagers get tortured in the wilderness?
Watching losers get tortured in the kitchen. Everywhere Ramsay goes, he
humiliates and belittles all about him. His tantrums are accepted because Ramsay
is attractive and successful and he swears every bit as well as he cooks. If his
bad behaviour stops, they'll turn off the cameras.

There are a lot of very unhinged people on TV these days. We all feel so much
saner after we've watched them, as they really do provide a community service.

TV programs, Pages 50-51.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Confessional ... Sarah Ferguson and Pamela Stephenson-Connolly.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

Tevez's car caught by speed camera ; Tevez's car caught by speed camera

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 545 words


CITY ace Carlos Tevez is to appear in court after his  £140,000 sports car was
caught on a speed camera.

The Argentinian, pictured, has been charged with failing to disclose who was
driving the Bentley Continental when it was flashed by the camera.

The car was photographed on the A56 Chester Road in Stretford allegedly
travelling at 38mph 8mph over the limit.

The 27-year-old striker has already pleaded not guilty and the case is listed
for trial at Oldham magistrates' court on September 14.

Two years ago, Tevez who lives in Prestbury had his Bentley impounded after it
emerged he did not have a full UK driving licence.

The car was later returned and he was not prosecuted for any driving offence.

The alleged offence involving the speed camera happened on February 12 just
hours after the Blues lost 2-1 to United in a derby clash at Old Trafford.

The Eastlands club are currently battling to hold on to the  £250,000-a-week
striker.

Tevez recently appeared to belittle Manchester for its weather and lack of
restaurants in an interview in his homeland.

Meanwhile, United star Darren Fletcher is also due in court over a speeding
matter.

The Scottish midfielder will appear before the High Court in London next week to
appeal against a conviction for failing to identify who was driving his Range
Rover when it was caught travelling at 81mph in a 70mph zone on the M6.

The 27-year-old, who lives in Bowdon, was fined  £650 and ordered to pay  £900
costs.

Fletcher, who was represented by celebrity solicitor Nick Freeman, claimed he
had not received the initial letter requesting the information or a copy he
requested from police.   CITY ace Carlos Tevez is to appear in court after his
£140,000 sports car was caught on a speed camera. The Argentinian, pictured, has
been charged with failing to disclose who was driving the Bentley Continental
when it was flashed by the camera. The car was photographed on the A56 Chester
Road in Stretford allegedly travelling at 38mph 8mph over the limit. The
27-year-old striker has already pleaded not guilty and the case is listed for
trial at Oldham magistrates' court on September 14. Two years ago, Tevez who
lives in Prestbury had his Bentley impounded after it emerged he did not have a
full UK driving licence. The car was later returned and he was not prosecuted
for any driving offence. The alleged offence involving the speed camera happened
on February 12 just hours after the Blues lost 2-1 to United in a derby clash at
Old Trafford. The Eastlands club are currently battling to hold on to the
£250,000-a-week striker. Tevez recently appeared to belittle Manchester for its
weather and lack of restaurants in an interview in his homeland. Meanwhile,
United star Darren Fletcher is also due in court over a speeding matter. The
Scottish midfielder will appear before the High Court in London next week to
appeal against a conviction for failing to identify who was driving his Range
Rover when it was caught travelling at 81mph in a 70mph zone on the M6. The
27-year-old, who lives in Bowdon, was fined  £650 and ordered to pay  £900
costs. Fletcher, who was represented by celebrity solicitor Nick Freeman,
claimed he had not received the initial letter requesting the information or a
copy he requested from police.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Corporate culture that belittles employees will not last long

LENGTH: 557  words


Companies with a corporate culture that degrades employees, pits them against
each other and encourages workers to toil more for less money may flourish in
the short term, but the results are unlikely to last for long, management
experts warned.

Abusive practices in the workplace will eventually take a toll in lost
creativity, waste and employee turnover that could hit productivity and company
profits.

"I don't think it is sustainable over the long haul," said Larry Johnson, a
corporate culture expert and author. "There are a lot of companies that do very
well by having a fun and exciting culture where you don't have to treat people
like slaves or drive them against the wall."

US corporate culture came under the spotlight when the New York Times wrote an
expose last month that described tech giant Amazon.com Inc as a "bruising
workplace". Many employees worked long hours, were criticized by managers,
sabotaged by co-workers and dismissed in an annual culling to weed out the weak,
the newspaper said.

Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, challenged the depiction of the company he
founded in 1994, saying it was an Amazon he did not recognize.

Amazon is not the first company that has been scrutinized for how it treats its
employees, nor is the corporate culture it is accused of promoting unique.

Kim Cameron, a management professor at the Ross School of Business at the
University of Michigan, said any company that belittles its workers is limiting
its growth and potential.

"It could grow and flourish far greater, from three to eight times more, by
implementing positive practices," he said.

Technology company Google Inc ranked first for the sixth time in Fortune
magazine's 2015 list of best companies to work.

Employees thrive in a positive environment, are less likely to report feeling
burned out, or to call in sick, and are more committed to the organization,
according to research published in the Harvard Business Review.

By contrast, Cameron said an abusive corporate culture breeds contempt,
diminishes creativity, commitment and loyalty that will impede growth because
employees will leave. It also costs from three to about eight times more to hire
a new employee than to keep one, he added.

"So for organizations that say we are just going to turn over all these people,
it's enormously inefficient and costly."

Cameron is also critical of stack ranking, a process in which managers grade
employees on a bell curve. He said it demotivates workers, does not promote
honesty in appraisals and breeds a culture of prima donnas and back stabbing.

Larry Johnson, the Arizona-based co-author of the book Absolute Honesty:
Building a Corporate Culture that Values Straight Talk and Rewards Integrity, is
also not a fan of stack ranking.

"To have them (employees) fight it out like gladiators in the arena with a few
every year being slaughtered, I think is detrimental to corporate health and
culture," he said.

Johnson likens corporations with negative cultures to going through a military
boot camp.

"A lot of people go there to get the training. They spend a year or two and they
go on to do their own thing," he said. "There is a better way to run a company
with a culture that is benevolent and celebrates their people."

(China Daily USA 10/05/2015 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/29/144421356498.jpg

00221917e13e176599e70c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                January 17, 2008

2008 Presidential Campaign;
Obama, Clinton Move to Quell King Dispute; Other Developments

SECTION: Pg. 16C3

LENGTH: 1110 words


     ·    Obama Calls Clinton Remark 'Ill-Advised'
     ·    Bill Clinton Defends 'Fairy Tale' Remark
     ·    Both Sides Seek Truce
     ·    Debate Takes Cordial Tone


Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton (New York) and Barack Obama (Illinois), the main
rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination, January 14 both made
conciliatory remarks to ease a dispute between their campaigns over Clinton's
remarks about civil rights leader Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. a week
earlier. At a debate in Las Vegas, Nevada, ahead of the January 19 Nevada
caucuses, the candidates January 15 expressed regret over the rancorous tone of
the dispute. [See 2008 Obama, Huckabee Win Iowa Caucuses...Clinton, McCain Score
Comebacks in New Hampshire Primaries; Other Developments]

The controversy had brought an overtly racial edge to the competition between
Clinton and Obama in the wake of Clinton's comeback victory in the New Hampshire
primary, which followed Obama's win in the Iowa caucuses. (Obama was the son of
a black father from Kenya and a white mother from Kansas.) The dispute came in
the run-up to the January 26 primary in South Carolina, where blacks made up a
large portion of the Democratic electorate.

The controversy had begun January 7, when Clinton said in a Fox News interview
that "King's dream began to be realized when President Lyndon Johnson signed the
Civil Rights Act of 1964," and that "it took a president to get it done." Obama
supporters and some black leaders criticized her remark, saying it seemed to
belittle King's leadership role.

Clinton January 12 said she was "personally offended" at what she felt to be a
"misleading" and "unnecessarily hurtful" response to her remark by the Obama
campaign. In a January 13 interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," she accused the
Obama campaign of "deliberately distorting" her words.

Obama Calls Clinton Remark 'Ill-Advised'

 Obama January 13 made his first direct comment on the matter, saying, "Senator
Clinton made an unfortunate remark, an ill-advised remark, about King and Lyndon
Johnson. I didn't make the statement." He added, "I haven't remarked on it. And
she, I think, offended some folks who felt that somehow diminished King's role
in bringing about the Civil Rights Act. She is free to explain that. But the
notion that somehow this is our doing is ludicrous."

The Obama campaign also criticized a prominent black Clinton supporter, Robert
Johnson, the founder of Black Entertainment Television (BET), for remarks he
made at a January 13 Columbia, South Carolina, Clinton event. Johnson said that
Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had been "deeply and
emotionally involved in black issues since Barack Obama was doing something in
the neighborhood--and I won't say what he was doing, but he said it in his
book."

The Obama campaign accused Johnson of referring to Obama's admission, in his
1995 book, Dreams from My Father, that he had used marijuana and cocaine as a
young man. Another top Clinton backer, William Shaheen, had resigned as her New
Hampshire chairman after he raised the issue in December. [See 2007 2008
Presidential Campaign: Oprah Winfrey Campaigns With Obama; Other Developments]

The Clinton campaign said Johnson had been alluding to Obama's stint as a
community organizer in Chicago early in his career. But the Obama camp dismissed
that as a "tortured explanation."

Another Democratic presidential candidate, former Senator John Edwards (North
Carolina), January 13 took Obama's side in a speech at a Baptist church in
Sumter, South Carolina Edwards said, "I must say I was troubled recently to see
a suggestion that real change came not through the Reverend Martin Luther King,
but through a Washington politician."

House Majority Whip James Clyburn (D, South Carolina), the highest-ranking black
member of Congress, January 11 issued a statement calling on the candidates "to
be sensitive about the words they use," adding, "This is an historic race to
have such strong, diverse candidates vying for the Democratic nomination."

Bill Clinton Defends 'Fairy Tale' Remark

 Bill Clinton January 11 called in to Reverend Al Sharpton's nationally
syndicated radio talk show to explain a controversial remark that he had made
the previous week. Complaining that the media had failed to question Obama about
his record, Clinton had said, "This whole thing is the biggest fairy tale I've
ever seen." Some Obama supporters had suggested that Clinton had meant to
belittle Obama's candidacy.

Clinton told Sharpton that he had meant the "fairy tale" remark to refer only to
what he said were inconsistencies in Obama's stated opposition to the Iraq
war--not to his candidacy in general. "He's put together a great campaign. It's
clearly not a fairy tale. It's real," Clinton said.

Both Sides Seek Truce

 At a news conference in Reno, Nevada, Obama January 14 warned against allowing
the dispute to divide the Democratic Party, saying, "We've got too much at stake
at this time in our history to be engaging in this kind of silliness." He also
said, "I think that Bill Clinton and Hillary have historically and consistently
been on the right side of civil rights issues."

Senator Clinton January 14 appeared at a birthday tribute to King in New York
City, and later that day issued a statement saying, "Over the past week, there
has been a lot of discussion back and forth--much of which I know does not
reflect what is in our hearts." She said that "when it comes to civil rights and
our commitment to diversity, when it comes to our heroes--President John F.
Kennedy and Dr. King--Senator Obama and I are on the same side."

Debate Takes Cordial Tone

 Obama, Clinton and Edwards January 15 met in Las Vegas for a debate, televised
by cable channel MSNBC, that was less confrontational than previous ones. The
first questions dealt with the King dispute. Both Clinton and Obama said they
regretted the episode, and blamed their backers for excessive language.

Clinton said she accepted Johnson's explanation of his remark about Obama, but
added that she thought the comment had been inappropriate. She also said that
"neither race nor gender should be part of this campaign," even though she would
be the first woman president and Obama the first black president.

The debate was the first to be restricted to the top three Democratic
contenders. Representative Dennis Kucinich (Ohio) had sued to be included after
MSNBC rescinded a previous invitation to him to participate. A Clark County
judge January 14 had ruled that MSNBC could not air the debate unless it
included him, but the network appealed, and the Nevada Supreme Court ruled
against Kucinich less than an hour before the debate began.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Facts on File, Inc.


                              141 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 11, 2012 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

WILSON CITES 'ABUSE' WHILE EXITING TEAM

BYLINE: Christian Caple<br> christianc@spokesman.com, (509) 998-3135<br>

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: PULLMAN


In a letter faxed Saturday to The Spokesman-Review and other media outlets,
Marquess Wilson, Washington State's career leader in receiving yards, announced
he has left the Cougars and their program of "physical, emotional and verbal
abuse."

Coach Mike Leach said Wilson had been suspended earlier this week after he
walked out of a Sunday night workout.

But in his statement, which was sent to media members by his stepfather, Richard
Miranda, Wilson said he has left the team, and the athletic department lied
about his status with the team "to cover up what is really happening in that
locker room."

Wilson continued by saying "the new regime of coaches has preferred to belittle,
intimidate and humiliate us. This approach has obviously not been successful and
has put a dark shadow on this program.

"My teammates and I have endured this treatment all season long. It is not
'tough love.' It is abuse. This abuse cannot be allowed to continue. I feel it
is my duty to stand up and shed light on this situation by sacrificing my
dreams, my education and my pride."

Miranda told The S-R via email that Wilson did not wish to comment further.

Wilson leaves as WSU's all-time leading receiver, and was leading the Cougars
with 52 catches for 813 yards this season before Leach announced his suspension
on Monday.

Leach has been publicly critical of the Cougars throughout the season. After a
49-6 loss to Utah last week, Leach said his team's effort "bordered on
cowardice" at times and resembled "a zombie convention." Weeks earlier, he
described some of his seniors as possessing an "empty-corpse" quality.

Wilson didn't appear to mesh well with the new coaches from the beginning. He
was criticized in spring for his lack of effort and aggression, but drew praise
from coaches early in the fall. Outside receivers coach Dennis Simmons said then
that Wilson's effort was "night and day" different from in the spring.

But Wilson was passed over by Dominique Williams in recent weeks, with Leach
choosing to start Williams against Stanford and Utah because of his better
effort in practice. Wilson still led the Cougars in receiving in each of those
games.

WSU athletic director Bill Moos said in radio interviews earlier this week that
he had met with Wilson, but that he didn't know whether he would return to the
team.

Moos released a statement during Saturday's game against UCLA that read, in
part: "It is unfortunate that Marquess has chosen not to go through the weekend
and have the subsequent visit with me as we had discussed last Tuesday. I was
hopeful to provide additional guidance if he was willing to meet the standards
that have been set by Mike Leach and his staff in their effort to establish a
competitive football program at Washington State. Unfortunately, during times of
coaching transitions, departures are not uncommon."

Moos said WSU has procedures in place to monitor student-athlete welfare, and
that the school will modify them if needed.

He continued: "I believe I join many Cougars in wishing Marquess well in his
future endeavors. WSU athletics plans no future statement at this time."

Here is Wilson's full statement:

"Dear Cougar Nation:

"It is with a heavy heart that I announce my decision to forgo playing football
for Washington State University. I realize the school is saying that I am
suspended for violating team policies and may return next week, but this is a
lie. This is an attempt by the athletic department to cover up what is really
happening in that locker room.

"It has been a privilege to be a Cougar, to perform on your field and wear the
Crimson and Gray. I would like to thank Washington State University for giving
me the opportunity to do what I love most, to play football and receive a
quality education for the past three years. I'm grateful to the athletic
department for the coaching, care and encouragement I have received prior to
this season.

"This was going to be our year. My teammates and I were aspiring to be the
winning team you deserve. Unfortunately for all, the new coaching staff has
destroyed that endeavor. I believe coaches have a chance to mold players, to
shape men, to create greatness. However, the new regime of coaches has preferred
to belittle, intimidate and humiliate us. This approach has obviously not been
successful and has put a dark shadow on this program.

"My teammates and I have endured this treatment all season long. It is not
'tough love.' It is abuse. This abuse cannot be allowed to continue. I feel it
is my duty to stand up and shed light on this situation by sacrificing my
dreams, my education and my pride. I resign from this team. I am deeply sorry to
those I am letting down. I am not a quitter. I was raised by my family, and many
previous coaches, to exhibit dedication and embrace sacrifice, but there comes a
time when one has to draw a line in the sand.

"Lastly, I thank my fellow teammates, those who also have left the program this
year and those we are leaving behind. I hope our departure will bring awareness
to the physical, emotional and verbal abuse being allowed in the locker room and
on the field. I pray for healing and recovery for all those who have been hurt
by this treatment."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              142 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                October 1, 1995

All views, proposals will be studied

SECTION: National; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: Maran


MARAN, Sat. - Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim today assured
Umno members that the party's tradition of respecting and considering the
views of the grassroots will be protected.

Anwar, who is Umno deputy president, said the party would carefully
study every suggestion and resolution put forward by the various divisions
in line with the musyawarah (consultation) principle adopted by the party.

"Thousands of resolutions have been put forward by the divisions and we
will try to find an answer to each and every one of them," he said when
opening the Maran Umno delegates' meeting here.

Also present were Anwar's wife Datin Seri Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail,
Menteri Besar Tan Sri Mohd Khalil Yaakob, his deputy, Datuk Hasan Arifin,
and State Executive Councillors.

Anwar said ministries and government departments must also look into the
suggestions and resolutions.

However, some could not be implemented because of certain constraints.

In congratulating Khalil because of the minimal problems encountered in
the Pahang Umno during the on-going divisional delegates' meetings
compared with the other States, he said Umno members must subscribe to the
consultative spirit when attending divisional delegates' meetings.

"The meetings must be held in an acceptable and disciplined manner. The
party will not condone any act which deviates from Umno's tradition, like
slapping other people, throwing chairs and damaging office property."

He said Umno members must close ranks following divisional elections.

Anwar said although Umno members who created these problems were not
many, and numbered only between 200 and 300 compared to the 2.3 million
Umno membership, the party could not afford to keep quiet.

He said their activities were like a cancer which could affect party
strength from within.

"We have to take a tough stand against this group. What is the use of
having the 300 additional members who are a mixture of pirates, bad hats
and those spreading lies and poison-pen letters.

"However, we must not mete out punishment before we can establish those
responsible."

Anwar added Umno members must not deviate from the religious and
cultural platforms in their pursuit for development and progress.

On the significance of the English language, as emphasised by Prime
Minister Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad, Anwar warned individuals, banks,
financial institutions and the private sector not to construe it as a move
to belittle Bahasa Malaysia.

"It is never our intention to belittle the national language by giving
emphasis to English," he said, adding that one should be conversant in
more than one language.

On Dr Mahathir's speech in the United Nations in New York yesterday,
Anwar said this only went to show that Dr Mahathir was a daring statesman
whose main concern was to look after the welfare and interests of
developing nations.

"When he talks, he does not only represent Malaysia but also other
nations. Our Prime Minister is a global thinker and warrior of the Third
World," he added.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Meeting their leader ... Umno members shake hands with Anwar
after the opening of the meeting.

            Copyright 1995 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              143 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      March 31, 2016 Thursday 6:34 PM GMT

Trump backtracks from abortion remarks as Wisconsin primary looms - campaign
live;
Ted Cruz holds a narrow lead in the next Republican contest while Democrats
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders turn their attention to New York

BYLINE: Alan Yuhas in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 4961 words


block-time published-time 6.34pm BST

Chris Christie, the Republican governor of New Jersey, erstwhile presidential
candidate, and sometime stage prop for Donald Trump, has called onto a radio
show to defend the way he eats M&M.

The governor's decision to pour a bag of candies into a box of the same candies,
photographed at a basketball game, went over so well online that Christie called
a WFAN radio show, Boomer and Carton, on Wednesday morning to explain himself.

"There's a bag inside the box, you dope."

enltrChris Christie pouring his bag of M&M's into a bigger bag of MORE M&M's is
a savage and perplexing move pic.twitter.com/xynYXfswGc

- Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) March 26, 2016

"Why would you go bag-to-box?" the host asked. "Just eat 'em out of the bag!"

Christie: "You know why? Because it's easier to hold the box than to hold the
bag."

The host told him "that's an interesting maneuver." His co-host clarified: "it
was just transferring the M&Ms from a soft paper into a box?"

Christie: "You get the box, you open the box. There's a bag inside the box. Why
they do it that way I have no idea. But you open up the bag, you pour the bag
into the box, so it's easier to hold."

The hosts pressed him to explain the logic of this. "Listen, I run New Jersey,
not M&M-Mars. I have no idea," Christie answered.

block-time published-time 6.28pm BST

A Super Pac supporting John Kasich has released a new advertisement that
declares Ted Cruz a liar - a sign of the mounting vitriol between the Republican
candidates.

What sets the anti-Trump ad apart, however, is ... odd.

block-time published-time 6.21pm BST

A Wisconsin teen asked Ted Cruz to help him win a date to his prom on Wednesday,
and the senator complied: "that's strong. I've got to say, Alex, that's strong."

enltrHere's a video a nice Wisconsin teen sent me of Ted Cruz asking his date to
prom for him. pic.twitter.com/hYqaCdShlY

- Luke O'Neil (@lukeoneil47) March 30, 2016

But the teenager says that Cruz left out the final line of his note.

enltr @sarahstarbie7 the didn't read the last line but he said "if I said the
last line it would make national news" pic.twitter.com/vZz6KhFBlV

- Alex Canney (@CanneyAlex) March 29, 2016

block-time published-time 6.09pm BST

Cruz belittles Kasich over Wisconsin

Ted Cruz just spoke to Charlie Sykes, a conservative radio host, and used his
time on Wisconsin's most prominent conservative radio to relentlessly belittle
John Kasich.

"If Kasich had dropped out before Illinois, I would have won Illinois and beaten
Trump," Cruz said. "What happened in Illinois could happen in subsequent
states."

Cruz. Photograph: Randy Holmes/Getty Images

He then took issue with Kasich's argument that he's the only Republican who can
beat Hillary Clinton in a general election. "You're not electable if you can't
win elections. He's lost 30 nationwide," he said, alluding to the race so far.
Kasich has only won in his home state of Iowa, and has nearly 600 fewer
delegates than Donald Trump.

"Part of the reason he does well against Hillary is that no one knows anything
about him."

Cruz threw in an aside about Trump's comments from Wednesday about "punishment"
for women who have illegal abortions. "Donald's notion was bizarre and something
with which I strongly disagree," Cruz said.

The Texas senator has a narrow lead over Trump in Wisconsin, according to poll
averages, and the state has a delegate system that awards 18 of its 42 delegates
to the candidate who wins the state-wide vote. The remainder are awarded by
Wisconsin's eight congressional districts: three each to the winner of each
district.

Running at 21% of the vote to Cruz's 33%, per the polls, Kasich could spoil the
Texan's hopes to sweep all 42 delegates away from Trump.

enltrWhy We Are Endorsing Ted Cruz - Right Wisconsin https://t.co/vuo7asdWWG

- Charles Sykes (@SykesCharlie) March 21, 2016

block-time published-time 5.37pm BST

In perhaps the least surprising turn of the 2016 election, the National Border
Patrol Council has endorsed the Republican candidate who means to build a
massive border wall.

"Unlike his opponents, Donald Trump is not a career politician, he is an
outsider who has created thousands of jobs, pledged to bring about aggressive
pro-American change, and who is completely independent of special interests,"
the group said in a statement.

"We don't need a person who has the perfect Washington-approved tone, and
certainly NOT another establishment politician in the [White House].

"Indeed, the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump's tone than about
the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we need to know
about the corruption in Washington."

The group also praised Trump for enduring "the withering media storm". "He did
not back down one iota. That tells you the measure of the man.

"When the so-called experts said he was too brash and outspoken, and that he
would fade away, they were proven wrong. We are confident they will be proven
wrong again in November when he becomes President of the United States."

Earlier this week my colleague Paul Lewis met with families divided by a border
wall that already exists. They often meet there at the barrier, for "amargo y
dulce" reunions.

block-time published-time 5.12pm BST

Kasich ends the press conference. Sanders has finished too. Bill Clinton is
still meeting with voters in New York - and he's mentioned us!

Or at least he's mentioned a Guardian column published on Monday, by Jill
Abramson, the former editor of the New York Times. The Times' Amy Chozick is
with the former president, who is hosting an "organizing event" in the city.

enltrBill Clinton makes Jill Abramson's Guardian column central part of stump
speech. "I woke up to an article written by the former NYT editor."

- Amy Chozick (@amychozick) March 31, 2016

Later this afternoon he'll be doing three more events, one in Chelsea, near the
Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons, one in south Tribeca, just a few blocks
from the World Trade Center, and one at the United Federation of Teachers'
building, in the financial district. The events, unlike most staged by
candidates themselves, are not being aired online.

Bernie Sanders lands in the city this afternoon as well, to hold a rally up in
the south Bronx, alongside actor Rosario Dawson.

Related:  This may shock you: Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest | Jill
Abramson

block-time published-time 4.56pm BST

"I am with the Trump people, they just don't know me," Kasich insists.

"They see Coke, Pepsi and Kasich, when they're out shopping," he says. They go
with what they know.

He gets as close as he ever has to disavowing Trump the hypothetical nominee:
"If he were the nominee, at that point, I would have to determine how I felt."

Trump is "pulling so many people apart," Kasich says. "Terrible, atrocious"
attacks on women, on Muslims, on "people who came here, came here illegally, but
should have an opportunity to settle here, if they have not violated the law."

"And then these absolutely absurd statements," about building a wall and making
Mexico pay for it. Kasich blames the press, or at least television, for giving
so much airtime to the former reality TV star. "I don't know how you people even
deal with this," he says. "You also have a responsibility in this business!"

"It's an unsettling time but people are looking for a way to express their
frustrations, and he's a way to do it."

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.57pm BST

block-time published-time 4.51pm BST

Kasich takes a question. Will you support Donald Trump if he's the nominee.

He doesn't really answer. He says he believes Trump will not have the 1,237
delegates to win the nomination outright. He doesn't think much of the other
Republican in the race either.

"There's a greater chance that you will fly out of this building," he says, "and
fly up to where the ball drops at the end of the year, than for Ted Cruz to have
enough delegates to win the convention."

Then he says he'll do well in New York, and be "very competitive" in
Pennsylvania. "Finally people are starting to hear the message that I have, and
begin to understand the record, understand who I am."

"I'm the only one that, frankly, can win in the fall."

He argues that delegates will take their jobs seriously at the convention this
summer, and that if it goes past a first ballot chaos won't ensue. The reality
TV tenor of the Republican race won't survive, he insists. It's going to be
"less Kardashians, more who's gonna be president."

"Not that I have anything against the Kardashians, let them know."

CNN is not cooperating with his plea for seriousness.

enltrEnjoyable @CNN chyron moments ago: pic.twitter.com/CpgCA3PyT8

- Julie Bykowicz (@bykowicz) March 31, 2016

block-time published-time 4.43pm BST

Kasich attacks Trump, woos his base

John Kasich is giving a press conference in midtown New York to address the many
controversies of his Republican rival, Donald Trump.

He's rattling off a long list of things Trump has said that make him unprepared,
in Kasich's view (and many others') to be president.

Yesterday's comments about abortion and the " problem " of the Geneva
Conventions. Last year's belittling of "American heroes" who were prisoners of
war, such as John McCain. His idea that "Nato is obsolete" and his comments
suggesting a ban and religious test for Muslims.

Kasich says he believes "the religion of Islam has been hijacked by a handful of
extremists" and that the US should rally with Muslims around the world to
counter it.

"For those people who've been fervent Trump supporters, their frustrations,
their problems, do not fall on deaf ears for me," he says, mentioning stagnant
wages, huge debts, labor woes of the working-class voters around the US -
Trump's base. "There are a lot of people out there who say, 'why is no one
speaking for me?'"

"I share their frustration," he says. "I'm also a citizen, and I see what's
happening ... To the Trump voters, there's hope."

He says Trump is moving in an "unmoored, untethered fashion", and that he
understands that Trump is "a vessel" for their frustrations.

"I want to offer myself up as a new vessel," he concludes. "I take orders from
no one other than my wife."

Kasich. Photograph: Bryan Thomas/Getty Images

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.51pm BST

block-time published-time 4.34pm BST

Sanders continues with his stump speech, drawing the differences between him and
Clinton. She supported free trade deals, he did and does not; she voted for the
Iraq war and has supported military intervention abroad.

"No more stupid wars that our young people die for," he says, attacking
politicians who talk of increased military action. "It's not their kids that are
going to go to war, it's your kids."

"We are not addressing the real crises in this country," he says, boiling down
his stump speech into bullets.


     ·    "Campaign finance system which is corrupt and is undermining American
          democracy," he says. "Democracy is not about billionaires buying
          elections."
     ·    He adds to this voting rights, and the efforts to roll them back in
          southern states with laws that limit early voting, require photo ID,
          etc. "I really get outraged by Republican governors who do not have
          the guts to participate in free and fair elections."
     ·    "It is a rigged economy," he says, for crisis number three. "The top
          one tenth of 1% now own as much wealth as the bottom 90%." He goes
          after the Walton family, the owners of Walmart, and highlights them as
          the recipients of subsidies: "get off of welfare, pay your workers a
          living."
     ·    "It's a little bit stupid when struggling, working-class family have
          to subsidize the wealthiest family in America. We're gonna end that."
     ·    Minimum wage to $15 an hour. Expanded social security benefits. Equal
          pay for women. College loan forgiveness and free public college.
     ·    Sanders says that young people are on course to have a worse standard
          of living than their standards,"the American dream in reverse."
     ·    Climate change, a ban on fracking - a sensitive subject in western
          Pennsylvania, where the natural gas industry is immensely
          controversial - and the move away from fossil fuels toward developing
          renewable energy.
     ·    Paying for all this with taxes on the rich, closing loopholes in
          corporate tax law.


    Sanders in Pittsburgh. Photograph: Keith Srakocic/AP

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.14pm BST

block-time published-time 4.19pm BST

Sanders calls for Clinton's speeches

"I have here this morning a major announcement to make in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania," Sanders says. He's going to release "all of the transcripts of
all of the speeches that I have given to Wall Street."

"Are you ready?"

"Here they are!" He throws his arms up into the air toward the crowd with a
grin, and a little bit of "whoosh" sound, too.

"No transcripts, no speeches, not for $250,000, not for $2,000, not for $2," he
continues, starting to channel Larry David. "I just don't know why Wall Street
has not invited me to speak before them. You know I've got my cellphone on, I'm
waiting for the call!"

Then he gets back to the righteous anger of his stump speech: "Their greed,
their recklessness, and their illegal behavior, has done enormous harm to
millions of people in this country."

He debuted the joke at a Democratic debate earlier this year, but the crowd
doesn't mind at all. Clinton has said she's willing to release the transcripts
of speeches she gave to Wall Street firms, in all for more than $2m, though she
has not yet done so.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.15pm BST

block-time published-time 4.12pm BST

Bernie Sanders is holding an event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where a huge
crowd has turned out to a convention center for his speech.

"Let me begin by introducing myself to the state of Pennsylvania," he says.

"I am a senator from the state of Vermont. I grew up in Brooklyn New York. My
father came to this country at the age of 17 from Poland. And I grew up in
Brooklyn in a three-and-a-half room, rent-controlled apartment.

Sanders. Photograph: Andy Manis/AP

"The lessons that I learned growing up with a family that has to struggle
economically, is a lesson I have not forgotten and never will forget."

He gets a big ovation for that. "We started this campaign at 3% in the polls, he
says. "A lot has changed in the last 11 months."

"We are fighting hard in Wisconsin, which has their primary on Tuesday, then in
New York and then, on April 26, here in Pennsylvania!"

He's in a spirited mood, going on about how he can not only win the Democratic
nomination, but that several polls show him beating Donald Trump by about 20
points in a general election. He contrasts his campaign with Hillary Clinton's,
first by talking about her reliance on "big money". His campaign, he says does
not "beg Super Pacs" but has "gone to the working class and the middle class".

"And in 11 months we have received more than six million individual campaign
contributions. That is more contributions than any candidate in the history of
the United States of America."

The crowd is loving it, and boos vehemently when he brings up the "$15m from
Wall Street" that has gone to Clinton's campaign.

"I think that if you get paid $250,000 a speech, it must be an extraordinary,
mind-blowing, earth-shattering speech," he goes on. "It must be a speech written
in Shakespearean prose."

block-time published-time 4.01pm BST

My colleague Mona Chalabi  breaks down a new poll on the New York primary, as
pollsters take stock of the state.

The New York primary is a huge milestone in the Democratic nomination calendar.
With 291 delegates available, it could be a game changer for presidential
hopeful Bernie Sanders. At the moment, Sanders has lags behind Hillary Clinton
by 263 pledged delegates and time is running out to close that gap.

dem tracker

Previous opinion research has suggested that New York could be Bernie's undoing
- so far this year, two polls have showed that Hillary Clinton has a 21-point
lead in New York and one found that the former Secretary of State could win by
as much as 48 points. With less than three weeks until New York votes, a new
poll of voters conducted by Quinnipiac University offers some hope - it puts
Clinton on 54% of the vote and Bernie on 42%.

enltrNet favorability ratings from #NewYork State poll on Presidential hopefuls
#Election2016https://t.co/o2HO9dmayxpic.twitter.com/7PdWvapVnp

- Quinnipiac Poll (@QuinnipiacPoll) March 31, 2016

enltrDonald Trump seen unfavorably by ***74 percent*** in his native New York
City, per @QuinnipiacPoll

- Alex Burns (@alexburnsNYT) March 31, 2016

block-time published-time 3.47pm BST

Trump releases tax letter

Donald Trump has released a letter from his tax lawyers, who say he hasn't
released his federal tax returns - and in the process revealed what he's really
worth - because of a 14-year continuous audit by the IRS.

Trump's tax returns are "inordinately large and complex for an individual", they
write. The letter reads in part:

"You [Trump] hold interests as the sole or principal owner in approximately 500
separate entities. These entities are collectively referred to and do business
as The Trump Organization. These entities engage in hundreds of transactions,
deals, and new enterprises every year. Because you operate these businesses
almost exclusively through sole proprietorships and/or closely held
partnerships, your personal federal income tax returns are inordinately large
and complex for an individual.

"Your personal tax returns have been under continuous examination by the
Internal Revenue Service since 2002, consistent with the IRS's practice for
large and complex businesses. Examination of your tax returns for the years 2002
through 2008 have been closed administratively by agreement with the IRS without
assessment or payment, on a net basis, of any deficiency.

"Examinations for returns for the 2009 year and forward are ongoing. Your
returns for these years report items that are attributable to continuing
transactions or activities that were also reported on returns for 2008 and
earlier. In this sense, the pending examinations are continuations of prior,
closed examinations."

Translation: Trump is being audited, and he won't release the older tax returns
because they're related to business that's being audited in the newer tax
returns. You can read  the full letter here.

Trump's critics have called for him to release the tax returns and reveal his
true worth and business dealings; Mitt Romney, for instance, has suggested the
returns contain a "bombshell" revelation. More prosaically, they could simply
reveal that Trump is not worth the "TEN BILLION DOLLARS" [sic] that he told
campaign finance officials he is worth.

There are cracks in his claims to be worth billions, including at a golf course
in upstate New York. Trump told the FEC that the property was worth $50m, but he
told a judge that it's worth $1.4m as part of an argument that he should not
have to pay high taxes on it.

Related:  How Trump's $50m golf club became $1.4m when it came time to pay tax

block-time published-time 3.31pm BST

Retired senior military officers have denounced Donald Trump's description of
the Geneva Conventions as a "problem", my colleague Spencer Ackerman reports.
The former officers told him Trump's ideas range from the disgraceful to the
illegal.

"Donald Trump cannot possibly understand [Geneva] because he has neither the
experience, the expertise or the moral compass to grasp it," said Steve
Kleinman, an air force reserve colonel and an interrogations expert.

Geneva is "a fundamental moral and tactical construct that serves as a
foundation for the law of armed conflict, because all wars, including the global
war on terror, come to an end. We as a community of nations need to engage with
one another and not be separated by horrible, immoral treatment of one side over
another," Kleinman said.

At an appearance in Wisconsin, Trump said : "The problem is we have the Geneva
Conventions, all sorts of rules and regulations, so the soldiers are afraid to
fight."

Trump. Photograph: Rex

Trump has previously advocated killing the families of terror suspects, torture
" a hell of a lot worse " than waterboarding, and widespread bombing campaigns
against Islamic State, which operates in civilian-packed areas. The Geneva
Conventions provide the basis for protections against war crimes, privileging
the status of civilians and detainees during wartime.

"America's military men and women swear to support and defend the constitution,
including our obligations to adhere to treaties on the treatment of
non-combatants," said Paul Yingling, a retired US army colonel.

Yingling was the deputy commander of the armored cavalry regiment that
recaptured the Iraqi city of Tall Afar from insurgents. He gained renown in
military circles for criticizing the general officers who presided over the
deterioration of the Iraq war.

"Prisoners of war and the family members of suspected terrorists are
noncombatants. Torturing and murdering noncombatants are the actions of
criminals and cowards. America's military men and women are neither," Yingling
said.

Christopher Harmer, a former navy pilot and current analyst at the Institute for
the Study of War, said Trump's dismissal of Geneva demonstrated he was
"monumentally unprepared" for the White House.

"From advocating the assassination of women and children whose only crime is
being related to terrorists, to speaking glibly of carpet bombing entire swaths
of the Middle East, to opining that Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia should
obtain nuclear weapons, Donald Trump comes across exactly as what he is: a
reality TV star who has no idea about how US national security actually works in
practice," Harmer said.

"His candidacy is merely an embarrassment to the United States; if he were to
actually become president, the damage he would do to our strategic relationships
with our allies would be immense."

Related:  Trump attack on Geneva Conventions denounced by ex-officers and
advocates

block-time published-time 3.17pm BST

Politico has learned where Donald Trump went off on Thursday after a week of
blitzing the media and campaign trail with appearances. The businessman is in
Washington DC for a private meeting with his new foreign policy team, the
magazine reports.

Trump for months had declined to name his foreign policy advisers, and has said
that he largely relies on himself when it comes to matters of national security
and international relations.

"I know what I'm doing and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of
people and at the appropriate time I'll tell you who the people are," Trump said
earlier this month. "But my primary consultant is myself and I have a good
instinct for this stuff."

A week later, he rattled off the names of five men who are sources of regular
advice on national security: Walid Phares, Carter Page, George Papadopoulos, Joe
Schmitz, and Gen. Keith Kellogg.

The list, however, provided little reassurance to those concerned about Trump's
readiness to become commander in chief, as many of his named advisers are either
unknowns or have mixed reputations among GOP national security pros.

Related:  Anti-Isis proposals floated at Republican debate would likely be war
crimes

block-time published-time 2.57pm BST

John Kasich has released a statement on Donald Trump declaring him "not prepared
to be president". He still hasn't out and said he would not support Trump as the
nominee, however.

The statement reads in part:

"The past 24 hours revealed in the clearest way yet that Donald Trump is not
prepared to be president. On top of all his previous inflammatory statements,
yesterday he proposed punishing women who received abortions, attacked the
Geneva Conventions and said he'd nominate supreme court justices based on who
will look into Hillary Clinton's email scandal.

Donald Trump is not ready to be commander in chief. He talks loosely about the
use of nuclear weapons and of dismantling Nato. America is facing major
challenges at home and abroad and cannot afford to elect a president who does
not respect the seriousness of the office."

Kasich was in New York yesterday meeting voters and local Republican
politicians. His campaign does not list him  for any events today.

*Update: the campaign has announced Kasich will speak to the press in midtown
New York, at 11.10am local time. He's going to appear at the Sheraton New York
Times Square Hotel "to address Trump comments", according to a release.

Kasich, center. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.59pm BST

block-time published-time 2.41pm BST

Cruz jokes about hitting Trump with car

Ted Cruz faced an unusual question on Wednesday night: "Who do you like better,
Obama or Trump?"

The senator was on Jimmy Kimmel Live, and joked with the comedian about hitting
his opponent with a car.

"I dislike Obama's policies more, but Donald, uh, Donald is a unique
individual," Cruz said. "If I were in my car and getting ready to reverse and
saw Donald in the back-up camera, I'm not confident which pedal I'd push."

They also talked about crying at Star Wars, Mueslix and Cruz appears to allude
to the meme that he is the Zodiac killer.

And Stephen Colbert also met with a prominent senator last night: Democrat
Elizabeth Warren took to his CBS show to talk to talk about the election, and he
pressed her on whether she supports Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders.

She was cagey. He called her a "Vultron candidate". She made fun of Donald
Trump.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.03pm BST

block-time published-time 2.23pm BST

Bernie Sanders in the south Bronx, Hillary Clinton's off to upstate New York,
Ted Cruz has his wife campaigning in Wisconsin and Donald Trump is ... taking a
break.

Here's what's up on the schedule for Thursday, 31 March:


     ·    Bernie Sanders is holding a rally in Pittsburgh this morning
          (tentatively 10.30 Eastern), with an eye to blue-collar Pennsylvanians
          who live in and around Steeltown.
     ·    Hillary Clinton is near her home in Westchester, New York, for a rally
          at 1pm ET, while her husband Bill is down in the city holding three
          rallies on her behalf.
     ·    Clinton also is scheduled for an event in Purchase, New York, and then
          set to head off to Boston, Massachusetts, for an " evening fundraiser
          " with Forest Whitaker and a fundraiser with the former president of
          the Boston Red Sox.
     ·    Heidi Cruz and Carly Fiorina are stumping for the Texas senator in
          Green Bay, Appleton and Wausau, Wisconsin, today, at (10.30am, 12.45pm
          and 4.30pm local times, respectively). The campaign schedule doesn't
          list Ted Cruz himself as making an appearance, though he was in Los
          Angeles on Wednesday night and is likely fundraising, courting
          Republican leaders, etc.
     ·    Sanders then departs the Keystone State for the south Bronx. He'll be
          holding an evening rally at Saint Mary's Park, a slice of green south
          of 149th St, with actor Rosario and Grammy winner Residente.
     ·    Donald Trump is nowhere to be found ... except for TV, where he is
          everywhere. His campaign schedule says his next event ins't until
          Saturday, in Wausau, Wisconsin.


block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.34pm BST

block-time published-time 2.02pm BST

Hello and welcome to our rolling coverage of the 2016 campaign for the White
House, a race dominated by one man and his indefatigable ability to upset:
Donald Trump.

On Wednesday, the Republican frontrunner for president said " there has to be
some form of punishment " for women who have illegal abortions. After a huge and
swift outcry, including from members of his party, he retracted his statement,
saying he supported granting states the authority to ban and prosecute.

"The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb. My position has
not changed - like Ronald Reagan, I am pro-life with exceptions," he said in a
statement.

In 1999, when he was mulling a run for the presidency, Trump told NBC he was "
pro-choice in every respect ". But his position has starkly changed as a 2016
candidate.

The latest controversy from Trump came only a day after he turned the tables on
conservative conventions,  reneging on his pledge to support the Republican
nominee no matter who ends up being selected.

He abandoned the pledge only hours after Florida police charged his campaign
manager, Corey Lewandowski, with battery against a reporter. Trump defended the
aide, mocked the reporter and suggested her pen could well have been "a little
bomb".

Looming over these controversies - not to mention Trump's suggestion that more
Asian countries should develop nuclear weapons - is Wisconsin's primary on 5
April, where Trump will be put to the test. Texas senator Ted Cruz, endorsed by
the governor there, narrowly leads Trump in an average of polls, 33.7% to 29.9%.
Ohio governor John Kasich, adamantly staying in the race, trails at 21.8%.

Cruz and Kasich hope to win enough delegates to force Trump into a contested
convention this summer, where after an initial vote delegates will be unbound
from state results.

GOP

For Democrats, the focus is on both Wisconsin and New York, a state with 291
delegates at stake. The diverse electorate of working-class whites upstate,
minority majorities in New York City, financiers and progressives has made for a
surprisingly competitive race. Frontrunner Hillary Clinton represented the state
in the Senate for two terms, and set up her headquarters in Brooklyn. Bernie
Sanders grew up in the outer borough, retains his thick Brooklyn accent and has
found ready allies in the young people and progressives who've taken over the
area.

Both have turned their ire to the third New Yorker in the race, Trump, the
lifelong emblem of city tabloids, skyscraper branding and the borough of Queens.

Related:  'No hate in our state': undercover protesters take on Trump in
Wisconsin

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 2.45pm BST

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 24, 2017 Tuesday 2:32 PM GMT

8 key points from Paraic Duffy's annual report;
The GAA only allows for playing rules to be changed every five years and the
next Congress where that comes to pass is in three years' time.

BYLINE: By irishmirror

SECTION: SPORT,GAA

LENGTH: 826 words


Paraic Duffy has said that the black card is not up for discussion until 2020 in
his annual report published today.

The GAA only allows for playing rules to be changed every five years and the
next Congress where that comes to pass is in three years' time.

The GAA's standing committee on playing rules has the power to make changes
before then but, despite the controversy surrounding the controversial ruling
towards the end of last year's Championship, director general Duffy says he
doesn't envisage the black card being tampered with before 2020.

He also says that there is scope for the All-Ireland hurling final to be played
after the football final if proposals to complete the finals by the end of
August are passed at next month's Congress and states that he isn't in favour of
the introduction of video reviews for contentious decisions in hurling and
football.

Here are eight of the key points from Duffy's wide-ranging report:

TIMING OF ALL-IRELAND FINALS

"The motion on the timing of the All-Ireland finals that will go before Congress
will ask that both All-Ireland senior finals be played on or before the last
Sunday in August, on dates determined by Central Council.

"It does not specify a particular Sunday, nor the order in which the finals
would be played. There is absolutely no reason, therefore, why Central Council
could not decide to play the hurling final after the football final if it was
concerned that there would be too few major hurling games in July or August."

GALWAY HURLING CONCERNS

"I fully agree that the current situation is unfair to Galway and, even more so,
to Ulster teams who suffer from going directly into the All-Ireland
Championships at the quarter- or semi-final stage. It is an issue that must be
addressed.

"It may be that Congress will pass the motion [that seeks to include Galway in
provincial hurling championships at all grades] and meet Galway's concerns, but,
in the aftermath of Congress, Management Committee and Central Council must
address the needs both of Ulster and, if necessary, Galway."

BLACK CARD

"The onus is on players not to commit the offences, on referees to focus on the
deliberate nature of the foul and on commentators to understand clearly the
nature of the fouls that earn the black card penalty.

"The reality is that it is unlikely that the rule will be reviewed before the
next playing-rule-change year in 2020. It is incumbent upon players, referees
and commentators to accept this, and to seek consistent application of a rule
that can make Gaelic football better for both players and spectators."

VIDEO REVIEWS

"It was interesting to read the recent comments of top rugby referee Nigel
Owens, who wants to see fewer decisions referred to the TMO. He expressed the
view that rugby should go back to where it was five or six years ago, where it
was used only on the goal line.

"He believes that overuse of the TMO is eroding the authority of the referee and
that the focus should be on improving the decision-making of match officials.

"We need to remind ourselves that when we play sport, it will be played and
officiated by human beings whose inescapable condition it is to occasionally
make mistakes.

"That is what we sign up for, and it shouldn't be beyond us to accept that, now
and again, we will be the victims of human error."

THE USE OF THE NEW NATIONAL GAMES DEVELOPMENT CENTRE

"The experience to date has been that the resource has been widely used by other
counties in the province of Leinster, which is exactly as it should be, and
that, as a training facility for Dublin county teams, use of the campus has been
limited."

INTER-COUNTY PLAYERS BEING ENTICED TO THE US

"We need to try to end the practice of money being offered to attract top
inter-county players to the USA, including New York, who become available
following their county's elimination from the championship.

"It leaves their home clubs without their services, displaces American-born
players and utterly ignores our rules on amateurism. The actions of a handful of
clubs with wealthy benefactors who pay these players to play shows a contempt
for the GAA and its values."

PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS

"The number of personal injury claims being pursued against GAA units continues
to rise: 91 new claims were reported in the past year, with current paid/reserve
estimates amounting to (EURO)2.87 million.

"The current five-year cost of claims to the Association is (EURO)13.5 million.
Personal injury claims to the Association are averaging near (EURO)3 million
annually. This is simply unsustainable."

SOCIAL MEDIA

"It is regrettable that there is an excess of negative comment and personal
criticism on social media of GAA players, managers and administrators. We have
no control over this; all we can do is ask that our members refrain from
speaking aggressively and indulging in personal abuse on social media. Such
behaviour belittles the person who does so, belittles the Association and is not
appreciated by our members."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 24, 2017 Tuesday 2:32 PM GMT

8 key points from Paraic Duffy's annual report;
The GAA only allows for playing rules to be changed every five years and the
next Congress where that comes to pass is in three years' time.

BYLINE: By irishmirror

SECTION: SPORT,GAA

LENGTH: 833 words


Paraic Duffy has said that the black card is not up for discussion until 2020 in
his annual report published today.

The GAA only allows for playing rules to be changed every five years and the
next Congress where that comes to pass is in three years' time.

The GAA's standing committee on playing rules has the power to make changes
before then but, despite the controversy surrounding the controversial ruling
towards the end of last year's Championship, director general Duffy says he
doesn't envisage the black card being tampered with before 2020.

He also says that there is scope for the All-Ireland hurling final to be played
after the football final if proposals to complete the finals by the end of
August are passed at next month's Congress and states that he isn't in favour of
the introduction of video reviews for contentious decisions in hurling and
football.

Here are eight of the key points from Duffy's wide-ranging report:

TIMING OF ALL-IRELAND FINALS

"The motion on the timing of the All-Ireland finals that will go before Congress
will ask that both All-Ireland senior finals be played on or before the last
Sunday in August, on dates determined by Central Council.

"It does not specify a particular Sunday, nor the order in which the finals
would be played. There is absolutely no reason, therefore, why Central Council
could not decide to play the hurling final after the football final if it was
concerned that there would be too few major hurling games in July or August."

GALWAY HURLING CONCERNS

"I fully agree that the current situation is unfair to Galway and, even more so,
to Ulster teams who suffer from going directly into the All-Ireland
Championships at the quarter- or semi-final stage. It is an issue that must be
addressed.

"It may be that Congress will pass the motion [that seeks to include Galway in
provincial hurling championships at all grades] and meet Galway's concerns, but,
in the aftermath of Congress, Management Committee and Central Council must
address the needs both of Ulster and, if necessary, Galway."

BLACK CARD

"The onus is on players not to commit the offences, on referees to focus on the
deliberate nature of the foul and on commentators to understand clearly the
nature of the fouls that earn the black card penalty.

"The reality is that it is unlikely that the rule will be reviewed before the
next playing-rule-change year in 2020. It is incumbent upon players, referees
and commentators to accept this, and to seek consistent application of a rule
that can make Gaelic football better for both players and spectators."

VIDEO REVIEWS

"It was interesting to read the recent comments of top rugby referee Nigel
Owens, who wants to see fewer decisions referred to the TMO. He expressed the
view that rugby should go back to where it was five or six years ago, where it
was used only on the goal line.

"He believes that overuse of the TMO is eroding the authority of the referee and
that the focus should be on improving the decision-making of match officials.

"We need to remind ourselves that when we play sport, it will be played and
officiated by human beings whose inescapable condition it is to occasionally
make mistakes.

"That is what we sign up for, and it shouldn't be beyond us to accept that, now
and again, we will be the victims of human error."

THE USE OF THE NEW NATIONAL GAMES DEVELOPMENT CENTRE

"The experience to date has been that the resource has been widely used by other
counties in the province of Leinster, which is exactly as it should be, and
that, as a training facility for Dublin county teams, use of the campus has been
limited."

INTER-COUNTY PLAYERS BEING ENTICED TO THE US

"We need to try to end the practice of money being offered to attract top
inter-county players to the USA, including New York, who become available
following their county's elimination from the championship.

"It leaves their home clubs without their services, displaces American-born
players and utterly ignores our rules on amateurism. The actions of a handful of
clubs with wealthy benefactors who pay these players to play shows a contempt
for the GAA and its values."

PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS

"The number of personal injury claims being pursued against GAA units continues
to rise: 91 new claims were reported in the past year, with current paid/reserve
estimates amounting to (EURO)2.87 million.

"The current five-year cost of claims to the Association is (EURO)13.5 million.
Personal injury claims to the Association are averaging near (EURO)3 million
annually. This is simply unsustainable."

SOCIAL MEDIA

"It is regrettable that there is an excess of negative comment and personal
criticism on social media of GAA players, managers and administrators. We have
no control over this; all we can do is ask that our members refrain from
speaking aggressively and indulging in personal abuse on social media. Such
behaviour belittles the person who does so, belittles the Association and is not
appreciated by our members."

Download The App Banner

Today's top stories

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 4, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

SWIMMING;
The Pain Is Unremitting; So Is the Determination

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 23; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: FEDERAL WAY, Wash., April 3


In three weeks, Beth Barr will mark the second anniversary of an accident that
almost cost her her right arm.

She is calm, even removed, as she talks about being thrown by a horse and the
weeks of horror that followed. She seems to tolerate the memories and the
lingering pain because she is back in the water, a world-class swimmer again,
although not as good as she wants to be.

Barr is a 19-year-old University of Texas freshman from Pensacola, Fla. At 5
feet 11 inches and 135 pounds, she is long and lean. Her only disquieting
feature is a scar on the inside of her arm from elbow to hand.

She is here to swim in the Phillips 66/United States Swimming spring
championships, which began today. She will swim the 200-meter backstroke on
Thursday and the 100-meter backstroke on Saturday.

Feeling Like a Rookie

At 16, she placed fourth and fifth in the two backstroke finals in the 1988
Olympics in Seoul.

Three months ago, she placed sixth in the 200-meter backstroke in the world
championships.

"I was terrible," she said. "I was sort of a rookie again. It was so
nerve-wracking, so scary, like I was 13 again and swimming against the big
girls. I felt like nobody."

After the Olympics, she felt like somebody. But on April 22, 1989, at 12:30 P.M.
-- she even remembers the hour -- her life changed.

"I was on a date," she said. "We decided to go horseback riding. My horse was
not broken so well, so we traded horses.

"I guess my new horse realized I wasn't as strong as the guy I was with, so he
just took off with me and made a sharp turn toward the woods. If he got there
and threw me, there was no way I would have lived. But he took the turn so hard
that he threw me right there."

She landed hands down, with all the weight on her arms. Her right arm was broken
in four places with extensive nerve and muscle damage.

"They were trying to save it," she said of her right arm. "They said if I wasn't
a swimmer, they would have taken it off right then."

She can't remember whether she had four or five operations before she left the
hospital; she had two more later. Infection was a constant fear.

Some doctors said she would never be able to use her arm again even if she did
not lose it.

Barr soon proved them wrong. Seven weeks after the accident, she left the
hospital. Two days later, she was in the pool.

"I kicked 50 yards or so," she said. "I didn't use my arms, but I got so tired.
I was afraid I would forget how to swim. My mother went with me because she was
afraid I would drown."

Barr trained for three weeks, went to the summer national championships and won
the 200-meter backstroke in 2 minutes 13.16 seconds. The time was not
impressive, but it did qualify her for the world championships.

Back to the Operating Room

After the nationals, her doctors told her the arm was not healing, so she had a
bone graft and spent a week and a half in the hospital.

"They said I'll never be pain-free until I quit swimming," she said. "Well, I've
got three more years of college swimming because I love the Texas team. Then
I'll do other things.

"When you go through something like this, you learn to take life day by day. I'm
trying to make something out of myself."

Inspiring Others

Barr is proud that her comeback has inspired others.

"I have a friend who swims for Georgia," she said. "He fell off a bike and hit
his head and was in a coma. Now he's back in the water. Something like that
belittles what I've done."

Belittles?

"Well," she said, "when I swim bad, the scoreboard doesn't say next to my time,
'But she fell off a horse.' You have to get on with life. You have to be strong
and get going. I'm not a hero. I'm a survivor."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              147 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                         September 14, 1994, Wednesday

Tech's versatile Bender kicks, catches

BYLINE: By Jack Wilkinson STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section E; Page 4

LENGTH: 537 words


It has become one of his catch phrases, literally. Seven words for Jason Bender
to catch by, and also live by, punt by and especially tee off by:

Never belittle a ball down the middle.

And not just the little white dimpled ball Bender knocked around 83 times Sunday
at Centennial Golf Club. Last Saturday, he did some splendid things with a
football, too.  In Georgia Tech's 45-26 win over Western Carolina, Bender punted
five times for an average of 48.2 yards per kick. He boomed a 55-yarder down -
where else? - the middle of the field, the longest in the ACC this season. After
two games, Bender easily leads the ACC in punting, averaging 45.6 yards, and is
seventh nationally.

But there's a catch - two, actually - to all this. The senior flanker also made
two receptions Saturday for 55 yards, including a 42- yarder for a touchdown on
a post pattern in - naturally - the center of the field. No one belittled that
catch down the middle. Not even Bender himself.

This is not to say the 6-foot-3, 205-pounder is slow. Let's just say he's . . .
velocity challenged. Still, Bender, beating you deep? As one Tech defensive back
told Bender, secondary coach Danny Smith informed his DBs that none of them
should have to break their backpedal while covering Bender in practice.

"Because I'm so slow," said Bender, smiling. He calls himself "a bungler" in a
receiving corps laden with "great athletes." "But I'm happy," he said. "I lasted
the coaches out and they finally have to play me as more than just a punter."

Actually, Bender played significantly at flanker twice last year, catching four
passes each against North Carolina State and Duke. Two were for TDs against
Duke, which comes to Bobby Dodd Stadium Sept. 24, Tech's next game and ACC
opener. That day, for the fourth straight year, Bender will be the Jackets'
starting punter. He's already punting far better than his three-year career
average of 39.2 yards.

The difference is threefold. Maybe four. "I think it's the weight program coach
[Jay] Omer [Tech's strength and conditioning coach] started," said Bender. "I've
been doing a lot of cleans. I feel stronger."

Long snapper Matt Bourne also has been accurate on each of Bender's 11 punts.
"It's causing me not to think," said Bender. "I don't have to step left or
right. I just catch it and kick it."

That, Bender does quite well. Says who? Says Reggie Roby, the former Miami
Dolphins punter who twice led the NFL in net punting. Roby spoke at a kicking
camp Bender worked at this summer in Pennsylvania. One day, Roby critiqued
Bender's punting form.

"He said I had good mechanics," said Bender. "That gave me a lot of confidence.
I'd never met a pro kicker before. That got my head straight."

Backup punter Keith Weaver keeps it that way. "I know if I have an off day,
[it's] Wally Pipp all over," said Bender. "Keith's pushed me. He's got great
potential, the strongest leg I've ever seen." But Bender's is nothing to
belittle, either.

BRIEFLY: Head coach Bill Lewis was delighted with Tuesday's practice. He also
thinks this off week falls perfectly for the Jackets. Classes start next
Wednesday and, said Lewis, "This week gives us a little extra preparation [for
Duke]."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942580228

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Jason Bender Chart: Georgia Tech vs. Duke When: Sept. 24,
4 p.m. Where: Bobby Dodd Stadium. TV/radio: No TV/680 AM. Tickets: $ 21
(894-5447 for information).

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              148 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Racial Justice and Free Speech Are Not Mutually Exclusive

LENGTH: 846 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: American Civil Liberties Union has issued the following news
release:



 The recent wave of college demonstrations starting at the University of
Missouri and Yale and spreading to Ithaca and other campuses across the nation
have sparked outraged commentary. The Wall Street Journal published an op-ed
called &ldquo;Yale&rsquo;s Little Robespierres,&rdquo; and in National Review,
David French described campus protestors as &ldquo;revolutionaries, and the
revolution they seek is nothing less than the overthrow of our constitutional
republic, beginning with our universities.&rdquo;





 Largely missing from the outcry has been a discussion of the underlying issues
that prompted the demonstrations in the first place. Instead, the demonstrations
are caricatured in the media, conventional and social alike, as the result of
hypersensitive, thin-skinned students of color, many of them highly privileged
students, protesting minor provocations insisting that schools respond to their
every whim. Stories about Jonathon Butler, the hunger striker supported by
members of the University of Missouri&rsquo;s football, focused on the fact that
the graduate student came from a wealthy family, raising the question of whether
you have to be black and poor to complain about entrenched racism.



 Missing from the discussions is a willingness to confront the very real
complaints of those students.  Those complaints include the fact that too often
those schools, many of them segregated by law or practice until very recently in
their histories, have failed to address the persistent reminders to students of
color that they are not fully members of the college communities. Complaints
that black students, in some instances, can expect to be subjected to emotional
or physical harm because of their race or ethnicity, as evidenced by the death
threats received by protesting students at the University of Missouri and
elsewhere.



 Far from being defenses of academic integrity and openness, those who dismiss
the students only perpetuate a sad history of refusal to confront the continued
existence of discrimination and inequality on campus. Recent articles, such as
&ldquo;The Coddling of the American Mind&rdquo; in The Atlantic and other media,
have described professors and students feeling so afraid that they will offend
someone in class that they feel that the school has ceased to be a marketplace
of ideas. Undoubtedly, some students are overly sensitive, but to equate this to
the hurt and fear experienced by students and faculty called
&ldquo;nigger&rdquo; at their colleges, or feeling that their presence is only
reluctantly tolerated as shown by their small numbers and the sense that they
don&rsquo;t belong belittles the legitimate hurt which has its roots in the
country&rsquo;s long, sorry history of deliberate exclusion and subordination.



 Ironically, the phrase &ldquo;political correctness,&rdquo; ostensibly invoked
to promote free expression, is often actually the protest of being called to
task for the first time for the consequences of previously unchallenged
statements and conduct. Its purpose and effect is to belittle and demean the
call for other people to recognize the humanity and feelings of others. Putting
aside the too often forgotten fact that the First Amendment protects against
state suppression of speech and assembly and not interactions between private
citizens, the fact that you have the right to say something doesn&rsquo;t mean
you should. Sometimes healthy doses of humility and empathy are called for,
values academic institutions should also foster.



 For instance, one of the things that brought the situation to a boil at Yale
was a reaction to a college e-mail urging that students to think before dressing
up in possibly racist or offensive costumes. That call for consideration and
civility was challenged as an unfair trammeling of the rights of students, as if
the most fundamental request for decency was somehow a constitutional violation.
Yale, let&rsquo;s remember, is a private institution.



 It would be tragic if the current discussion of the demonstrations failed to
include a discussion of the underlying issues of discrimination and exclusion
which remain rampant in our country.  I applaud those who speak in favor of
speech that makes people uncomfortable, but I would remind them to remember that
what is good for the goose applies equally to the gander. Let&rsquo;s be willing
to make the people who are most privileged and powerful uncomfortable.
Let&rsquo;s remember a fact wholly missing from the dialogue, which is that the
law requires that students cannot be denied the opportunity to an education
because of a hostile environment and consider that when we are discussing campus
communities.



 Let&rsquo;s try to find a way to educate that includes everyone, and not just
those who have been the historic beneficiaries of educational opportunities
historically denied others.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Racial Justice and Free Speech Are Not Mutually Exclusive

LENGTH: 846 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: American Civil Liberties Union has issued the following news
release:



 The recent wave of college demonstrations starting at the University of
Missouri and Yale and spreading to Ithaca and other campuses across the nation
have sparked outraged commentary. The Wall Street Journal published an op-ed
called &ldquo;Yale&rsquo;s Little Robespierres,&rdquo; and in National Review,
David French described campus protestors as &ldquo;revolutionaries, and the
revolution they seek is nothing less than the overthrow of our constitutional
republic, beginning with our universities.&rdquo;





 Largely missing from the outcry has been a discussion of the underlying issues
that prompted the demonstrations in the first place. Instead, the demonstrations
are caricatured in the media, conventional and social alike, as the result of
hypersensitive, thin-skinned students of color, many of them highly privileged
students, protesting minor provocations insisting that schools respond to their
every whim. Stories about Jonathon Butler, the hunger striker supported by
members of the University of Missouri&rsquo;s football, focused on the fact that
the graduate student came from a wealthy family, raising the question of whether
you have to be black and poor to complain about entrenched racism.



 Missing from the discussions is a willingness to confront the very real
complaints of those students.  Those complaints include the fact that too often
those schools, many of them segregated by law or practice until very recently in
their histories, have failed to address the persistent reminders to students of
color that they are not fully members of the college communities. Complaints
that black students, in some instances, can expect to be subjected to emotional
or physical harm because of their race or ethnicity, as evidenced by the death
threats received by protesting students at the University of Missouri and
elsewhere.



 Far from being defenses of academic integrity and openness, those who dismiss
the students only perpetuate a sad history of refusal to confront the continued
existence of discrimination and inequality on campus. Recent articles, such as
&ldquo;The Coddling of the American Mind&rdquo; in The Atlantic and other media,
have described professors and students feeling so afraid that they will offend
someone in class that they feel that the school has ceased to be a marketplace
of ideas. Undoubtedly, some students are overly sensitive, but to equate this to
the hurt and fear experienced by students and faculty called
&ldquo;nigger&rdquo; at their colleges, or feeling that their presence is only
reluctantly tolerated as shown by their small numbers and the sense that they
don&rsquo;t belong belittles the legitimate hurt which has its roots in the
country&rsquo;s long, sorry history of deliberate exclusion and subordination.



 Ironically, the phrase &ldquo;political correctness,&rdquo; ostensibly invoked
to promote free expression, is often actually the protest of being called to
task for the first time for the consequences of previously unchallenged
statements and conduct. Its purpose and effect is to belittle and demean the
call for other people to recognize the humanity and feelings of others. Putting
aside the too often forgotten fact that the First Amendment protects against
state suppression of speech and assembly and not interactions between private
citizens, the fact that you have the right to say something doesn&rsquo;t mean
you should. Sometimes healthy doses of humility and empathy are called for,
values academic institutions should also foster.



 For instance, one of the things that brought the situation to a boil at Yale
was a reaction to a college e-mail urging that students to think before dressing
up in possibly racist or offensive costumes. That call for consideration and
civility was challenged as an unfair trammeling of the rights of students, as if
the most fundamental request for decency was somehow a constitutional violation.
Yale, let&rsquo;s remember, is a private institution.



 It would be tragic if the current discussion of the demonstrations failed to
include a discussion of the underlying issues of discrimination and exclusion
which remain rampant in our country.  I applaud those who speak in favor of
speech that makes people uncomfortable, but I would remind them to remember that
what is good for the goose applies equally to the gander. Let&rsquo;s be willing
to make the people who are most privileged and powerful uncomfortable.
Let&rsquo;s remember a fact wholly missing from the dialogue, which is that the
law requires that students cannot be denied the opportunity to an education
because of a hostile environment and consider that when we are discussing campus
communities.



 Let&rsquo;s try to find a way to educate that includes everyone, and not just
those who have been the historic beneficiaries of educational opportunities
historically denied others.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    November 5, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Pigskin Bloodlines: Port Moody'sJR Davies was born to become a football player

BYLINE: DAN STINSON; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 928 words


Some athletes are born to run, others to kick, skate or jump. JR Davies was born
to throw a football.

Davies is the Port Moody Blues' quarterback, one of the most proficient passers
of the pigskin in the B.C. high school game. And while football figured to be in
Davies' blood from the day he was born 16 years ago, there was nothing to
suggest that he would play the key pivot position.

Davies is the grandson of Lorne Davies, the former Simon Fraser University
athletic director and football coach who, more years ago than he'd care to
remember, was a centre for King George high school in Vancouver and Western
Washington Vikings in the college game.

JR's father is Lorne Davies Jr., who also played centre in his high school days
at Burnaby North and with the Vancouver Meralomas and Renfrew Trojans of B.C.
junior football.

"JR is a third generation player in the family, but he certainly didn't inherit
the skills necessary to play quarterback from either myself or my son," chuckles
Davies Sr., the 66-year-old patriarch who keeps busy in retirement as executive
director of the Terry Fox Foundation. "Centre is a brute power position that
requires more strength than skill. That's not JR. He's a natural-born passer."

JR (the initials stand for junior; the youngest Davies' given name is Watkin
Lorne Davies III) has thrown for 2,244 yards and 19 touchdowns, piloting the
Blues to a 4-2 record in the provincial AAA Western Conference and 6-2 over-all.
The over-all record includes a stunning 28-21 Blues' exhibition victory over the
Bellingham Red Raiders, a AAA Washington state high school that has a fully
professional approach to the game.

The Blues marched into Bellingham back on Sept. 2 and rallied from a 14-point
deficit on JR's 379 yards and three touchdown passes in the fourth quarter. The
upset victory was carried on the front page of the Bellingham Herald.

"We went down there last year and the Red Raiders kicked us 46-0," says Lorne
Davies Jr., the Blues' offensive co-ordinator. "It was a totally intimidating
experience. The Raiders have something like 80 players in their program, 12
coaches and 2,000 or 3,000 fans in the stands for every game.

"We've got maybe a maximum of 30 kids on our team and five coaches, only two of
which are full-time. I think they were expecting to kick our asses again this
year. Needless to say, it was an extremely satisfying victory. The bonus was
that the game was covered by a Bellingham radio station on a tape dely. We got
to listen to the broadcast on the drive home. The announcers were just
incredulous that a small Canadian school could come down there and beat their
big American team."

The Herald story has a prominent place on the a bulletin board in the Blues'
dressing room. It includes a quote from Raiders' head coach Tim Yeomens that
sums up his team's wounded pride:

"Port Moody really earned the game," Yeomens said. "Perhaps some people thought
we would belittle them, since they were Canadian, but there was nothing to
belittle at all."

The Blues didn't have JR in their program in 1995, which perhaps explains their
whipping in Bellingham. He was the Port Moody junior high quarterback last year,
averaging 385 yards per game as a Grade 10 student, and followed his father to
the senior prep level in September.

Blues' head coach Marc Thiffeault is effusive in his praise of JR.

"He's the most talented quarterback I've ever worked with," says the 41-year-old
Thiffeault, the Blues' field boss since 1992. "He's been the difference in every
single game we've won this year. He's confident in his skills, but smart enough
not to be cocky about them.

"JR's got a great arm and is able to read opposing defences very well. If an
opposing team sends three defensive backs deep and we've got four receivers
downfield, he'll usually find the open man and throw a pinpoint pass."

The 5'10", 160-pound JR is a straight 'A' student who first took up the game in
pee wee football.

He was a pitcher in the Coquitlam-Port Moody Baseball Association before his
teenage years and plays intermediate level touch football when he's not throwing
for the Blues. He also plays basketball for the Blues when football season ends.

"I try to model my game on Joe Montana's," JR says, referring to the former San
Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs quarterback.

"I always thought he was a very intelligent quarterback who was willing to take
the hit to make the play. I thought he was the greatest QB to play the game."

The chief beneficiary of JR's passing is Blues' pencil-thin, 6'3", 160-pound
wide receiver Andrew Dubiellak, a Grade 12 student who has caught for more than
1,200 yards and 13 touchdowns so far this season.

"JR's definitely always on the money," says Dubiellak, who played with Davies
for one season at Port Moody junior high.

The Blues play their home games at Coquitlam Town Centre Stadium, but practise
on a patchwork, partly gravelled-over field at Port Moody senior high. The short
and narrow field - there's only 75 yards between the goalposts - was once used
as a garbage dump.

"We've had a few serious injuries on the practice field," says Davies Jr.

THE THREE DAVIES

Lorne Sr., Lorne Jr. and JR have a combined involvement in the game of football
of 100 seasons.

Lorne Sr. was a player for 12 seasons, a coach for 27 and an administrator for
23.

Lorne Jr. played the game for 13 seasons and has coached for the last 13.

JR has been a player since he was four years old and is now in his 12th season
in game.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ralph Bower, Vancouver Sun / THREE GENERATIONS OF FOOTBALL
PLAYERS: Lorne Davies Sr., JR Davies, quarterback for the Port Moody Blues and
Lorne Davies Jr. carry on a long tradition in high school football

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                          September 13, 2008 Saturday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1079 words


Few Students Walk To School

An Aug. 25 editorial cartoon [Heller's View] showed schoolchildren pushing a bus
as part of an "All Kids Get Behind" program. But there is an easier way to
combat rising transportation costs: Safe Routes.

This is a comprehensive program designed to make walking and bicycling to school
safer for children and to encourage more children to do so. In our region,
several schools have already jumped on board with the program and are reaping
the benefits in terms of healthier children, improved academic performance and
decreased traffic.

In the U.S., the number of children who walk to school on a regular basis has
declined from about 50 percent in 1969 to less than 15 percent today. And it is
estimated that parents dropping children at school makes up 25 percent of
morning rush hour traffic. This additional traffic deteriorates air quality and
increases traffic danger for those children who do walk or bicycle to school.

Some of the decline in walking has been caused by the location of new schools on
the edge of communities, but this is not the only cause. In many neighborhoods
that traditionally had a large walking population, fewer kids walk or bike to
school today. The various reasons parents give for driving their children to
school include traffic danger, fear of crime and scheduling. The decrease in
walking leads to a downward spiral: As fewer children walk to school, parents
view walking as a lonely activity that leaves kids vulnerable.

Safe Routes is a simple program. First, it's learned why students don't walk or
bike to school. Then plans are developed to address the impediments.

The state Department of Transportation has funds available for safety
improvements and encouragement programs, and there are many online resources
available through the National Center for Safe Routes to Schools (
www.saferoutesinfo.org). Regional planning organizations across the state are
working with local schools to implement Safe Routes planning.

A great way to get started is to participate in International Walk to School Day
on Wednesday, Oct. 8.

Sandy Fry

Principal Transportation Planner Capitol Region Council of Governments Hartford

Third Candidate In 5th District

I was confused and disappointed by the Sept. 9 article, " 'An Independent
Streak' " [Page 1] concerning Connecticut's 5th District congressional race. The
story failed to even mention that in addition to Republican David Cappiello and
Democrat Chris Murphy, there is a very strong and capable third candidate vying
for this seat: the Green Party's Harold Burbank II.

Mr. Burbank is an international human rights lawyer who holds degrees in
international relations and law. Mr. Burbank will vote to end funding of the
illegal and disastrous wars and occupations of Afghanistan and Iraq, and to hold
Bush and Cheney accountable for their war crimes by pushing for their
impeachment.

In short, Mr. Burbank promises to uphold, protect and defend the Constitution,
something Rep. Murphy has sadly failed to do.

I hope The Courant will honor its proud tradition of excellent and impartial
reporting and remind its readers that there are not just two options for 5th
District representative.

Christian Tutschka

Farmington

Won't Be Fooled Again

In examining Sarah Palin as a candidate for vice president, the most important
point to be considered is that John McCain actually chose her in the first
place. What an insult to the people of this country, and women in particular, to
promote such an unqualified, unvetted person to be one heartbeat away from the
presidency.

He obviously chose her to ramp up excitement for his fading campaign with her
gender, attractive looks, ability to deliver a speech written by Bush's
speechwriters and willingness to distort the truth. What does this say about
McCain's judgment and morals? What does it say about putting his country first
and his personal ambition second?

The same people who manipulated the past two elections are hard at work trying
to fool the gullible voters one more time. Wake up and look for the truth.

Fool us once, shame on them. Fool us twice, shame on us. But fool us three
times? God help this country!

Judith Dunn

East Hartford

Hail the messiah, Barack Obama, who would take us to the new socialist
motherland of higher taxes, socialized medicine and bigger government.

You can put a suit on a community organizer but you can't make him act
presidential. Liberal progressives cannot compete in the arena of ideas, so they
resort to personal insults. Obama's position in most polls was going down, so he
surreptitiously referred to Sarah Palin with his "lipstick on a pig" comment.

An Obama presidency would be Jimmy Carter's third term; a disaster repeated.

An increasing number of Americans are discovering that Obama's campaign is
nothing more than flowery speeches of nothingness. Abraham Lincoln was correct:
You can't fool all the people all the time.

Thomas Fitzgibbons

Meriden

No Substance In Attack

Listening to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's speech at the Republican National
Convention, I wanted to give her the advice that I gave to my middle school
students each year.

When students would call one another names or belittle someone in the class, I
would tell them the story of the Union Army general who, at the end of the Civil
War, refused to testify at the courts-martial of other officers. He refused to
build himself up by tearing down another person. I wanted my students to
recognize that it was wrong to insult others to feel good about themselves. That
story always worked with the 13- and 14-year-olds.

I wish such a story could motivate the Republicans to change their strategy of
tearing down Sen. Barack Obama and instead discuss Sen. John McCain's and Gov.
Palin's records or proposed policies. It's always fair game to criticize the
ideas, policies and vision of an opponent. To belittle a person, though, is
beneath the dignity of anyone I would want to hold public office.

Distorting a voting record or making fun of a person's choice of work in public
service is vicious and represents the worst of middle school students' behavior.

It is easy to be sarcastic and go for the cheap laugh of the crowd, whether in a
middle school classroom or on a convention floor. It takes maturity and a
different set of values to speak to us of a vision for the country and a plan to
implement that vision. That is what Sens. Obama and Joe Biden are doing. Let's
keep the political dialogue at that level.

Ann Cronin

Hartford

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: letter to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         December 3, 1997, CITY EDITION

Applying science to the art of staying together
A statistical analysis has found that husbands, not wives, are the key factor in
whether marriages work, writes Penelope Dening

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1274 words


'Half the people who initiate coming to our workshops are men. I was really
surprised." Dr John Gottman, Professor of Psychology at the University of
Washington, Seattle, is constantly being surprised by the results of his
research programmes. Over the past 20 years the agonyaunt,
personal-insights-made-general approach to relationship counselling has led to a
curious set of received wisdoms. Many of the most important of these are firmly
knocked on the head this week with the publication of Why Marriages Succeed Or
Fail - And How You Can Make Yours Last, based on 20 years study of 2,000 married
couples.

Although its populist title is redolent of the read-this-and-change-your-life
school of American publishing, don't be put off. This book should be on every
couple's wedding list and its insights are as valuable to people whose marriages
are rock solid as those whose marriages are rocky. Dr Gottman's research
programme is funded by the US government, concerned at the ever-increasing
divorce rate and its knock-on effect on society.

His methodology is unassailable. Before turning to psychology he was a
mathematician (with a doctorate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology).
He collects raw data using random sampling, followed by intensive investigation
of the physiological responses of volunteer couples using cameras and
electrodes. The reason men are so willing to become involved with his research
programme is that they trust him, comfortable that his research is science -
rather than the terrain of what they tend to perceive as mumbojumbo
psycho-babble land. From this numerically classifiable data it has been possible
to make a mathematical model showing how a couple interacts. Gottman's work
falls into two categories: objective analysis - why longstanding marriages have
survived; identification of the factors triggering marital breakdown - and then
a second group of studies working with couples who want to repair marriages that
are in crisis.

"This really involves trying to change people," he explains. "After all these
years we have a pretty good idea of how to help couples and a pretty good idea
of what's involved based on the predictions." Currently, Dr Gottman has seven
programmes running. One has been going for 15 years. Volunteers include couples
who have been married up to 60 years.

The most recent programme is at the other end of the spectrum: 250 newlyweds
will be tracked as long as the programme keeps going.

Sex, it turns out, is neither what keeps a marriage together nor what tears it
apart. Although extra marital affairs are popularly cited as the major reason
for divorce, they are, Gottman believes, simply a symptom of drifting apart,
"the deterioration of the friendship in the marriage".

Similarly extra-marital affairs are not usually about sex at all, he believes.
"They're really about friendship, about feeling somebody really likes you, cares
about you, and finds you interesting. And people are most vulnerable to that
when it's not happening in the marriage."

Of course, the friendship element of a marriage is all to do with communication:
the analysis of marital communication, both verbal and non-verbal, and the
correlation between the two, is what lies at the core of Gottman's research.

Yet successful communication in a marriage need not necessarily mean the Woody
Allen talking-everything-through approach. Nor are rows a bad thing - indeed, Dr
Gottman believes they are an essential ingredient for a thriving marriage. He
equates a marriage to a complex eco-system that without predators (negativity)
would become asphyxiated, stifling the possibility of change and growth.

Even from the early days of a relationship when all seems to be going well, how
couples handle conflict is a major indicator of whether the marriage will
survive. Complaint - which Gottman says is OK, indeed necessary - can all too
easily escalate into criticism, followed swiftly by contempt. Yet much of this
negative behaviour can easily be rectified, Gottman believes, and his workshops
appear to prove it.

"One of the things that we found really interesting, is how couples repair
negativity. Let's say they're going through a bad stretch and they're distant
with each other. All couples make attempts to repair the relationship when that
happens. For some couples the repair attempts work, and for some couples they
don't. We had been thinking along the lines of, maybe there's a form of words,
some magic way of saying it. But it turns out that there's nothing within the
resolution-of-conflict discussion that predicts whether a repair attempt will
work or not work. What predicts it is really something entirely different. It's
really how the couple interacts when they're not conflicting."

This can range from shared humour to shared memories to simple acknowledgement
of the other's concerns. "It's really the nature of the friendship between
husband and wife that predicts it - the very mundane part, the everyday kinds of
things; even down to the way they read the Sunday papers." Dr Gottman's
prediction level of whether a marriage will survive or fail is now a staggering
93 per cent accurate.

Crucial to the success of a marriage is that both partners share the same
approach. Those who like a good row and a passionate making-up afterwards can
build as strong a marriage as those who rarely say boo to one another. As long
as they are both operating under the same rules of engagement, and as long as
the ratio of good times to bad remains a regular 5:1.

"That was a surprise," Gottman admits. "I had no idea it was going to be that
high." He was expecting around 100:1. Another surprising finding is that the key
factor in what makes a marriage work is the man. Although it is usually the
woman who sees the success of the marriage as her responsibility, explains Dr
Gottman, successful marriages are always those where "emotionally intelligent"
husbands are "making maps of their wives' psychological world".

'They know what their wives are concerned about, they know the names of their
wives' friends, they know the people in their wives' lives who are pains in the
neck. They know something about their wives' hopes and dreams and fears. It's a
matter of respect and honouring their wives. One of my friends, a Mormon bishop
said: 'I figured out one day that even though it's as much work for me to put
the toilet lid down as it is for her, if I do it I win an enormous amount of
points in this marriage'." In Seattle, as in Dublin, as in Donegal, it's the
same old litany of irritations: toilet seats, toothpaste caps and, of course,
housework and sex.

She doesn't get enough help with the housework. He doesn't get enough sex. But
Gottman has discovered that the two are intimately connected. The happiest
marriages are those where the husband shares the housework.

"It says 'I don't belittle what you do. I respect you'. The key thing is
honouring the woman. It is always men who belittle women's dreams. And women are
very quick to belittle their own dreams and to give them up for the sake of the
relationship.

"What emotionally intelligent men are doing is honouring their wives' dreams.
And that is the most critical thing. Because the dreams really provide meaning."

A wife who feels respected and cherished, he has discovered, is more inclined to
express her sense of warmth and validation in the way most husbands seem to
want, than one who is treated like a chattel. It's as simple as that.

Why Marriages Succeed Or Fail - And How You Can Make Yours Last by John Gottman,
is published by Bloomsbury. Price (pounds) 9.99 in the UK.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 The Irish Times


                              153 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                July 31, 2002 Wednesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Castro's lecture on U.S. swindlers is hypocritical

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 1943 words


Re: Castro praises House travel vote, July 27.

With reference to Fidel Castro's July 26 "I told you so" attacks on U.S.
capitalism, I must state that Castro's condemnation of corporate "criminal
swindling" reeks of hypocrisy and opportunism at its worst.

While I do not contest the moral wrongdoing of certain U.S. business leaders, I
find it odd to exempt Castro from the category of criminal swindlers.

Here we have a man who once appealed to Cuban dreams of freedom and liberty as a
democratic reformer but then turned to Soviet-style Communism. Here we have a
man who, while he and his cohorts live in a level of abundance that would make
an Enron CEO blush, forces his fellow Cubans to live in abject poverty and
constant fear, thanks to persecution and local spy squads which localize the
worst tendencies of the J. Edgar Hoover-era FBI into common Cuban neighborhoods
and schools. This is a man who has cheered the Communist firing squads of
Vietnam, China, Cambodia, the Soviet Union and North Korea.

The Castro cult of personality and regime are kept alive not by the will of the
people but, rather, through religious and political persecution, attacks on the
family and fear-mongering. It is a system so frail that it cannot withstand
principled dissent by Catholic clergy, educators or common laborers.

How can a man who runs such an island, which on a monthly basis has God only
knows how many people leaving on rafts in search of freedom, lecture any nation
on the general welfare?

Glaring American problems in health care, education, race relations and poverty
show that our system is not perfect. But our system, however flawed, is heaven
on earth compared to Castro's Cuba.

When in 1959 my family left Cuba in fear of the impending Communist threat, they
came to a nation that affirmed their basic desire for dignity and freedom. These
most basic human impulses, which are welcomed as a part of the American
experience, are mocked as "counter-revolutionary" in Castro's Cuba. I will be
forever thankful to this country, which I love so dearly, for its open arms in
times of trouble.

May God bless the oppressed people of Cuba in their inevitable struggle toward
freedom.

Luis Viera, Tampa

Heed Castro's words

Re: Castro praises House travel vote.

The U.S. House has voted to lift the travel ban to Cuba. Well, it's about time,
considering it does not work. The only U.S. citizens it ever kept from Cuba were
those either unable to afford a stay in another country preceding travel to Cuba
or those unwilling due to inconvenience. And there are also those cowards too
afraid of the repercussions from our own over-reaching government.

Fidel Castro has to be one of the greatest leaders of the modern era.
Congratulations to him and the entire Cuban population - the ones who have
stayed to rally to the cause of their country's greater good.

Fidel had some wise words for his populace regarding the evils that capitalism
nurtures and the quagmire created from loss of controls. These are true words of
wisdom from a leader with unparalleled resilience and integrity for his country.
Many a man would be wise to acknowledge the value of his words.

The shame of this news is that our narrow-minded view of Cuba and Castro will
live on in spite of this vote. Our president has said he will veto any changes
to the sanctions currently in place. This is a presidential action that few true
Americans actually support.

We previously have apologized for dropping the A-bomb on Japan and forgiven the
citizens of Germany who were part of the Nazi era. When are we finally going
forgive our grievances with this tiny island neighbor?

Jason LaCroix, St. Petersburg

Don't belittle plight of Cubans

Re: Greco, leaders take Cuba trip, July 30.

As a Cuban-born American, I am always suspicious of American-born Americans
going to Cuba in search of business opportunities. To do so purely in the name
of riches belittles the suffering and oppression (not to mention baseless
imprisonment, torture and murder) of Cuban citizens.

Americans have been spared dictatorships and homeland war (until recently). They
are, therefore, largely unaware and often insensitive to the plight of others.
Business should expend its efforts to dealing directly with the Cuban
businessman and exclude the government whenever possible. The government there
will steal funds and deposit them in Fidel Castro's domestic and offshore bank
accounts . . . always has, always will.

We exiled Cubans need to come to terms with the failure of the embargo. Castro
doesn't care if the Cuban people suffer (neither, it appears, does the world)
and the Cubans in Cuba will never be powerful enough to mount an effective
uprising in this starving, totalitarian system. (Remember, hungry people want
food not freedom.)

Those of us lucky enough to have escaped need to clear our minds of all hatred
for anything non-U.S. Cuban. Largely, those left behind are either offspring of
deceived, misdirected individuals or the under 45-set which has known no other
system and believes many of the lies fed them.

Rafael Miguel, M.D., Tampa

Thought-provoking writing

I hate to think that Susan Taylor Martin's excellent series on Saudi Arabia
might go unremarked by your readers. It provided a fascinating insight into this
closed society. Combined with Robyn Blumner's account of her encounters with
Egyptian political and intellectual leaders, these important articles should
give us all a better sense of the critical dividing line between Western
societies and those that are still held captive to medieval intellectual
structures and corrupt political elites.

Two thoughts these articles stimulate. First, we should be grateful for that
which distinguishes Western society from the Saudi Arabias and Egypts of the
world: To me, that is first and foremost our capacity for self-criticism.
Beginning in the 16th century, Western Europe opened itself, however grudgingly,
to its internal critics; while a Benedict Spinoza may have been ostracized by
the community, he was not put to death - as he might have been 100 years
previously. As a result of its openness to criticism, in the space of 200 years,
Europe achieved scientific, economic and political successes that eclipsed
Confucian China and the Muslim Ottoman Empire, which had been the dominant
cultures in the world for almost 800 years. A society that cannot accept
criticism is a society with no hope of change, innovation or progress.

Second, we must ask whether it serves America's interest for us to continue to
tie ourselves to the future of these regimes, which are mired in political
corruption and autocracy, and increasingly hated by their citizens. And the
thing that ties us to them is the need for oil to fuel our growing economy.
Isn't it time that we recognized that self-sufficiency in oil resources should
be a focus of our national interest - and that it is chimerical to believe we
can solve our energy needs by wind turbines and government mandates?

After Sept. 11 we should have learned the lesson that freedom requires sacrifice
- and the setting of priorities. And we need to be serious about whether we
should continue to place off limits the oil reserves off our coastal shores, and
in the uninhabited wilds of Alaska - and therefore continue our commitment to
regimes that hate us, and whose peoples hate us because we support those
regimes.

Barry Augenbraun, St. Petersburg

Much more needs exploring

I commend your recent series on Saudi Arabia. At this point in history a good
deal of Americans are thinking about the Arab world, and the religion of Islam.
The quality of that thinking is vital to our future, and improved public
knowledge is the only way to increase the quality of our thinking.

Sadly, for all the time, space and resources you expended in putting together
that series, there was so much missing. The topic of oil supply, petrol-politics
and Saudi Arabia alone could have been a whole series. Looming in our future
there will be a day of reckoning with this matter that will make the oil shocks
of the 1970s seem tame. Our children will have to deal with this; I can only
hope they will not have to fight and die for it.

Curiously, the last installment made passing reference to the Vinnell Corp. Here
again is another subject that would be well served by another long series. Since
the end of the Cold War there has been alarming trend toward privatization of
military units. Vinnell is one such company. This privatization is a way of
going around Congress and not telling the public. Foreign policy is made by
default by private military consultants motivated by bottom-line profits. These
private military firms are operating across the globe and profit not only by
sanctioned U.S. military objectives, but also by those of other nations and
private corporations. In short, these private companies are tending toward
becoming our very own version of rogue states working inside our borders.

David Horning, St. Petersburg

Prize-worthy material

Re: Five-part series on Saudi Arabia.

Susan Taylor Martin deserves a Pulitzer Prize for her report on today's Saudi
Arabia because of her excellent research, interviews and observations written in
a most fluid and captivating style without preconceived, prejudicial notions.
Hopefully one of the editors of the Times will nominate her. She is a beacon of
truth.

Arthur Hebert, Largo

Another area for Spratt to explore

Re: Spratt's fresh approach, editorial, July 20.

Although I agree that Steve Spratt has been doing a very good job as Pinellas
County administrator, I would like to point out an area where he could do
something else positive for the county.

You state that he is exploring ways to increase revenues ("Why not sell hot dogs
and drinks in county parks?"). Tampa Area Naturists (TAN) presented a proposal
to the Park Department Board in April that shows how a clothing-optional beach
could earn the Pinellas County Park Department as much as $1-million per year
and bring in 50 times that much in tourist revenues.

While Spratt was an assistant county manager in Miami-Dade, part of his
responsibilities was oversight of Haulover Beach, a clothing-optional county
beach. It has been there for more than 10 years, has been very successful, has
earned the county approximately $1-million per year in parking revenues and
untold more in tourist dollars, and recently won county approval to be enlarged
and improved. The success of Haulover Beach was the basis of the TAN proposal to
the park department.

If he is willing to "attack sacred cows," why not attack the notion that
Pinellas County is too narrow-minded and provincial to tolerate a
clothing-optional beach? In a Roper-Starch national poll in 2000, 80 percent
supported having designated beaches for nude sunbathing; I suspect that Pinellas
County residents would feel the same.

Tampa Area Naturists would welcome the opportunity to discuss this with him at
his convenience.

Will Perras, board member, Tampa Area Naturists, Inc.,

Tampa

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731.

They can be sent by fax to (727) 893-8675 or by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com
(no attachments, please).

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON, Don Addis; Osama Bin Laden and his son look into the horizon
and over a field of corpses and Osama says, "Some day, my boy, all this will be
yours!"

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              154 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

FIXTURES FRICTION;
GAELIC GAMES GAA director general Duffy takes issue with newly-formed club
players' group's stance on changes to the inter-county calendar

BYLINE: PAT NOLAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 42,43

LENGTH: 1305 words


THE first signs of friction between the Club Players' Association and the GAA
hierarchy emerged yesterday as Paraic Duffy issued a firm rebuttal to the new
organisation's demands.

A CPA statement had called for director general Duffy to pull proposals, which
he helped to frame, that are due to appear before next month's Congress.

The proposals boil down to changing the format of the All-Ireland Senior
Football Championship - replacing the quarter-finals with around robin stage,
completing the intercounty season by the end of August and playing extra time
rather than replays when teams finish level at the end of all Championship games
bar provincial and All-Ireland finals.

But the CPA, set up primarily to tackle the club fixtures crisis, insist these
measures don't go far enough, having advocated an August bank holiday weekend
finish for the inter-county Championships earlier this month.

"If the current proposals are passed, there'll be no realistic possibility to
change until the 2019 season at the earliest," said CPA chairman Micheal Briody.
"By then it could be too late. It needs sorted now."

The CPA also called for official recognition and the establishment of a fixtures
think-tank but Duffy, launching his annual report yesterday, said he was "a
little bit surprised" by the statement.

He continued: "If you want to sort it now, why would you park it? The two things
appear a little bit contradictory. Now means this year's Congress."

The CPA claimed to have written to Duffy, who has already met them three times,
outlining its stance but he said he had yet to receive any correspondence as of
yesterday. Duffy continued: "They say they hope that Congress will hear the
motions proposed by Tipperary and Wexford in relation to recognition and give
due consideration without the possibility of procedural interference or
impairment.

"There's no question of procedural interference or impairment. The motions will
be on the agenda and will be discussed by Congress. I'm not too sure what
they're thinking there."

He also rebuffed the CPA suggestions that the proposals didn't "take account of
legitimate concerns" relating to club player welfare and were "detrimental to
hurling". Duffy added: "That's exactly what they take account of. You can
absolutely argue, as is their right, that they don't go far enough but I don't
think it's valid to say that the proposal doesn't take on board things like
players holidays, the closed season et cetera. It does take account of those.

"I don't understand that criticism, to say that this is detrimental to hurling.

"In fact I'd argue very strongly that it's a positive for hurling because of all
games, if the All-Ireland championships finish earlier, the club championships
would be played off on good pitches.

"We've had a situation where provincial club finals are being played late
November when pitches are heavy which is not conducive to good hurling."

Duffy also talked down the possibility of a fixtures think-tank, saying that the
Central Fixtures Planning Committee is sufficient in that respect.

Meanwhile, he revealed that the proposals will appear as separate motions at
Congress at Croke Park on February 25 - which would appear to give extra-time
over replays and bringing forward to the All-Ireland finals a much better chance
of being passed.

"We'll put them as three separate motions but I do believe that if Congress
accepts the change to the Championship that they will pass the other two but
that's the way we have to put them and we'll do that.

"We've been told it wouldn't be the right thing to put the motions as a package,
it's not fair to counties and we accept that."

DUFFY ON...

THE USE OF THE NEW NATIONAL GAMES DEVELOPMENT CENTRE

THE experience to date has been that the resource has been widely used by other
counties in the province of Leinster, which is exactly as it should be, and
that, as a training facility for Dublin county teams, use of the campus has been
limited.

INTER-COUNTY PLAYERS BEING ENTICED TO THE UNITED STATES

WE need to try to end the practice of money being offered to attract top
inter-county players to the USA, including New York, who become available
following their county's elimination from the Championship.

It leaves their home clubs without their services, displaces American-born
players and utterly ignores our rules on amateurism.

The actions of a handful of clubs with wealthy benefactors who pay these players
to play shows a contempt for the GAA and its values.

INTERPROVINCIAL CHAMPIONSHIPS

THE competitions have no viable future. I understand the sentiment and nostalgia
attached to the interprovincials but that is hardly sufficient reason to persist
with competitions in which there is little interest.

PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS

THE number of personal injury claims being pursued against GAA units continues
to rise - 91 new claims were reported in the past year, with current
paid/reserve estimates amounting to (EURO)2.87 million.

The current five-year cost of claims to the Association is (EURO)13.5 million.
Personal injury claims to the Association are averaging near (EURO)3million
annually. This is simply unsustainable.

SOCIAL MEDIA

IT IS regrettable there is an excess of negative comment and personal criticism
on social media of GAA players, managers and administrators.

We have no control over this - all we can do is ask that our members refrain
from indulging in personal abuse on social media.

Such behaviour belittles the person who does so, belittles the Association and
is not appreciated by our members.

DUFFY ON...

TIMING OF ALL-IRELAND FINALS

LIRELAND FINALS THE motion on the timing of the All-Ireland finals that will go
before Congress will ask that both All-Ireland senior finals be played on or
before the last Sunday in August, on dates determined by Central Council.

It does not specify a particular Sunday, nor the order in which the finals would
be played. There is absolutely no reason, therefore, why Central Council could
not decide to play the hurling final after the football final if it was
concerned that there would be too few major hurling games in July or August.

GALWAY HURLING CONCERNS

I FULLY agree the current situation is unfair to Galway and, even more so, to
Ulster teams who suffer from going directly into the All-Ireland Championships
at the quarter- or semi-final stage.

It is an issue that must be addressed. It may be that Congress will pass the
motion [that seeks to include Galway in provincial hurling championships at all
grades] and meet Galway's concerns, but, in the aftermath of Congress,
Management Committee and Central Council must address the needs both of Ulster
and, if necessary, Galway.

BLACK CARD

THE onus is on players not to commit the offences, on referees to focus on the
deliberate nature of the foul and on commentators to understand clearly the
nature of the fouls that earn the black card penalty.

The reality is that it is unlikely that the rule will be reviewed before the
next playing-rule-change year in 2020. It is incumbent upon players, referees
and commentators to accept this.

VIDEO REVIEWS

IT WAS interesting to read the recent comments of top rugby referee Nigel Owens,
who wants to see fewer decisions referred to the TMO. He expressed the view that
rugby should go back to where it was used only on the goal line.

He believes that overuse of the TMO is eroding the authority of the referee and
that the focus should be on improving the decision-making of match officials.

We need to remind ourselves that when we play sport, it will be played and
officiated by human beings whose inescapable condition it is to occasionally
make mistakes.

That is what we sign up for, and it shouldn't be beyond us to accept that now
and again, we will be the victims of human error.

If you want to sort it out now, why would you park it? Now means this year's
Congress

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: READING & RIGHTING Duffy (left) with president Aogan O Fearghall at
annual report launch yesterdayNEW IDEAS The Club Players' Association was
launched earlier this month

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2017 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor, Oct. 7

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 936 words


Ask candidates what they will do to alleviate poverty, hunger

Thanks for publishing the commentary by Rush Holt and Marcia McNutt, "Key
questions for the next debate" (Oct. 5). They are right on target, and I want to
suggest another crucial question that the presidential candidates should be
asked: What will you do about poverty and hunger in the U.S.?

The first presidential and the only vice presidential debate have completely
ignored the outrageous reality that one in six people in our country, the
richest nation in the world, is regularly hungry or food-insecure. No one, not
Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump nor the debate moderators, have discussed in
any substantial way the question of how to address hunger and poverty.

Yet 42 million people in the U.S., including one in seven households in
Missouri, struggle with hunger. And 43 million of our citizens, including one in
three children in our state, live below the poverty line. As actor and activist
Jeff Bridges has rightly said, "If another nation was doing this to our
children, we'd be at war."

I pray that both Trump and Clinton have developed detailed plans to address
these unacceptable realities. We know that ending hunger and poverty is possible
in our lifetimes, but we need to elect leaders who will put us on a path toward
making it happen.

As the second presidential debate arrives at Washington University this Sunday,
I urge moderators Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper to ask the candidates what
they will do as president to alleviate poverty and hunger.

Clint McCann - Webster Groves

Trump represents more of the same divisiveness

When it all started, Donald Trump was somewhat of a surprise - entertaining,
outlandish, often rude and crude but laughable. However, as spring became summer
it was apparent no other candidate could withstand his artfulness. He was not a
joke. He had definitely struck a chord with white middle-class workers. They
wanted change, and, as an outsider, he was that change agent.

Yes, we definitely need to see some changes - the first one being that our
elected officials need to stop their divisive behavior and start working for the
people. The nasty divide we are currently seeing in our country can be directly
attributed to the outlandish words and actions of the Republican members of both
the House and the Senate. The birther movement, calling the president a liar,
repeatedly attempting to abolish Obamacare and threatening to impeach President
Obama, and a blatant refusal to have hearings on the president's Supreme Court
justice nominee have all contributed to the anger and divide we see today.

The Republican Party has nominated an individual for president who divides us
even further. He constantly states that practically everything in the United
States is "a disaster," which is a real insult to every hard-working public
servant and member of the military.

While mudslinging, name-calling and hurtful remarks may get our attention, do we
want this type of behavior in a president? Unfortunately, this is Trump's modus
operandi, and it seems impossible to make him understand that it is unacceptable
behavior for the highest office in the U.S. He does not represent a change
agent; he is more of the same divisiveness that has pervaded Washington for the
past six years.

Hazel Palmer - Lake Saint Louis

Ask VP candidates what they would do as president

I was very disappointed in the vice presidential debate because the candidates
did not address the most important issue that every voter needed to hear: What
will the potential vice presidents do if the president dies and they become
president?

What I wanted to hear is the vision that Mike Pence and Tim Kaine have for
America. I already know what Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton will do.

I think it's time to change any future vice presidential debates to asking the
candidates what they will do as president, and not what the person running for
president wants to do.

Jim Panhorst - O'Fallon, Mo.

Better to put VP candidates at top of the ticket

After watching the vice presidential debate, I have come to conclude that the
wrong people are on top of each party's ticket. Is it too late to invert this?

Bill Fletcher - Dupo

Editorial belittles seriousness of rape allegation

I am shocked and disappointed that the editorial "Predator in the House?" (Oct.
4) regarding the rape allegation against incoming state representative Steven
Roberts Jr. is filled with many of the hurtful misconceptions that make it so
difficult for people to report sexual assaults, and so easy for others to commit
them.

First, the editors state that Walker's fear that her alleged rapist will hurt
someone else is "legitimate but unfounded. She and Roberts are Democrats." What?
What does that mean, "legitimate but unfounded"? The editors don't say why the
fear is unfounded.

Next, the editors spend two paragraphs admonishing victims not to delay in
reporting being raped, suggesting that a survivor who takes a couple of weeks to
think and pray about what to do "could leave the attacker free to victimize
others."

It's not the victim's responsibility to stop a predator. But it is the
community's responsibility to take allegations seriously. Cora Walker risked her
professional future as a state representative by reporting the assault, and the
editorial belittles the seriousness of the matter. The Legislature should delay
swearing in Roberts until after an investigation.

Excessive skepticism and blaming the victim make life hard for survivors of
rape, and make life dangerous for all women.

Talia Linneman - Washington, D.C.

Read more letters online at STLtoday.com/letters

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence (left) and
Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine shake hands after the debate
Tuesday at Longwood University in Farmville, Va. (Associated Press)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 15, 2005 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 1123 words


Supreme Court justices should be impartial

In my 34 years of practicing law, I appeared in many courts, both state and
federal. The last thing I wanted was a judge who had a "judicial philosophy"
that dictated the result of the case I was trying. My ideal judge was one who
would listen to me without preconceived notions that dictated the result before
I had been heard.

In 1982, I was appointed to the Supreme Court of Missouri and served actively
until my mandatory retirement in 1992. I presently serve as a senior judge when
assigned by the chief justice. I tried to hear each case without any
preconceived notion that could not be changed by counsel's arguments. Whether I
succeeded can best be answered by counsel who argued before me. I strongly
disagree with columnist Charles Krauthammer's "Any judicial philosophy is better
than none" (July 12). Each case is different. A judge's judicial philosophy
develops over years, often changing as different situations are presented.

Perhaps the most respected Supreme Court justice in our history is Oliver Wendel
Holmes Jr., who was appointed by President Theodore Roosevelt. Shortly after he
was appointed, he wrote a dissenting opinion in a case that upheld an important
part of the president's antitrust program. My model would be a justice like
Holmes.

Charles B. Blackmar Jefferson City

Keep it small in Dogtown

I used to tell people that I live in Dogtown. Now, I say I live in Chavez
Ravine.

It's time to put limits on the eminent domain and blighting land-grab that is
going on here and elsewhere. Not everyone can afford or wants a big house. I
believe there is still a need for small, modest houses as starter homes, homes
for retired and older people, homes for single people and homes for childless
couples or small families.

Certainly, one cannot use the argument that replacing smaller homes with larger,
more expensive homes will bring more money into the city. In this neighborhood,
the closest grocery store is in the county. Plus, many of these homes come with
10-year tax abatements.

As I said, it seems like deja vu all over again.

Mary Wippold St. Louis

Intellectually waning

Former Sen. Thomas F. Eagleton's commentary "An attack is coming, but not in
Boise" (July 12) is brilliant. Anyone needing a cogent and concise explanation
of why the United States is a target of terrorists need only read the senator's
explanation. How regrettable that the Senate does not have more men of his
mental acuity, rather than the intellectual malady that presently rules this
body.

William A. Schaedler Ferguson

Small towns' risk is real

There are a number of questionable points in Mr. Eagleton's commentary.

Perhaps Mr. Eagleton has forgotten Beslan, Russia, which has a population of
just over 10,600 and lost more than 150 children and 150 adults to Chechen
terrorists.

Are our population centers at high risk? Certainly. Is "Small Town U.S.A."
completely free of risk? No.

Should pork funding in the name of homeland security be stopped and those
responsible held up to the scrutiny of the public? Absolutely. However, let's
not neglect serious security issues in smaller communities, be they Rolla, Mo.,
or Mascoutah or Boise, Idaho.

War planners and civilian leaders need to learn and understand the concept of
asymmetrical warfare. Simply, the weaker side strikes where the stronger side is
weakest and doesn't expect to be struck. Mr. Eagleton has a few lessons yet to
learn. There are no safe areas in the war on terror.

David Griffith Belleville

Obvious targets unprotected

Mr. Eagleton is correct in his assessment of the fact that we will be attacked
sooner rather than later. However, his assessment of targets might be lacking.
The main purpose of terrorism is to cause the most damage for a minimum of
investment. The terrorists lack the resources necessary to wage a full-scale
war. If they had such resources, no doubt they would use them.

Targets might include the UPS hub in Louisville, Ky., where all next-day air
shipments and air cargo are handled. The FedEx hub in Memphis, Tenn., is another
example. The disabling of these two in tandem or individually would cause untold
disruption.

If the government is looking for "hubs" to protect, these two areas deserve the
protection that recognizes their function in our economy. Our funds might be
better spent protecting vital infrastructure than out in the middle of nowhere.

The senator suggests that such funds have been spread willy-nilly all over
creation in useless, pork-barrel projects. I heartily agree with his assessment.

Stephen Koehler Fenton

Economic effect

I found it amazing to hear a retired senator admit to "pork-barrel" spending.

Terrorism is a huge threat, and we look to the government to protect the
populace. Unfortunately, we also have the huge issue of "government spending"
that is terrorizing our economy. Everyone defers to government, state or
federal, for additional funding for the military, homeland security, pension
funding, schools and health care. Along with the government spending comes a
large bureaucracy and more spending to support it.

Gregory B. Powers Ballwin

Wife in Iraq

Thank you for the article "Should women be in combat?" (July 10). My wife is on
her second tour of duty in Iraq, and all you hear about is the "son" and the
"husband."

William Coxwell De Soto

Skipping Doonesbury

I usually skip "Doonesbury" in the comics because the strip has become
ultra-liberal and nearly treasonous. This strip should be on the editorial page.

Occasionally, as on July 10th, I scan it to see if Garry Trudeau still produces
left-wing trash. I was offended by Mr. Trudeau's thoughtless captions referring
to our efforts in Iraq as "this war without end" and his cheap shot at President
George W. Bush as "the man who caused it" (the war in Iraq). Mr. Trudeau needs
to look to the Middle East in his search for "the man who caused it."

Mr. Trudeau's asinine statements belittle our Iraq efforts and play into the
hands of our enemies, undermining the efforts of many gallant men who are
fighting in Iraq. Alas, he is too blinded by a need for electoral revenge and
doesn't care a hoot if the cause carried out by our troops in Iraq is sabotaged
by left-wing opinions. Too often, we hear liberals say that they "support our
troops," while they belittle our war efforts and, by extension, our fighting
men.

For too many years, this self-absorbed, lefty "cartoonist" has abused the
freedom of speech that young, decent men are protecting, and I relish the
thought that his trash would be lifted from the comic section where it
influences too many young minds. I, too, wish that we were not at war, but we
are, and Americans should be supporting our men, not undermining their
sacrifices.

Melvin Giles Caulfield, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              157 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    August 26, 1992, Wednesday, City Edition

Volunteer firefighters would be trained

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 877 words



Editor: On Volunteerism:

    We read letters on the supposedly negative aspects of using volunteers in
the Spring Hill Fire and Rescue District, with claims that volunteers would
triple response times on calls and endanger the lives of residents when used as
paramedics. The suggested use of volunteers is "blamed" on the Civic Association
Oversight Committee.

    Some qualification is needed here.

      The Oversight Committee suggests using trained volunteers, and as
firefighters, not necessarily as paramedics.

     A trained volunteer would have the same training as a paid firefighter. If,
as District Training Chief Dennis Andrews has been quoted as saying, the
district is not adequately equipped to handle the training process, how does the
district train its paid firefighters " Is this not the purpose of a training
department?

     Qualifying every paid firefighter as a paramedic seems to be a case of
overqualification. It should not be necessary to train volunteers as
firefighter/paramedics, and it should not be necessary to send paramedics on any
call not requiring medical services. If this were done, trained volunteer
firefighters could easily assist paid firefighters on non-medical calls.

     Fire Commissioner Gene Panozzo has said that the last call for volunteers
was three years ago. That was a long time ago. It would seem that, considering
the growth of Spring Hill, the "call" should be an ongoing thing. Are we making
new residents who bring training and experience welcome?

    And finally, a Spring Hill firefighter who identified himself as a former
volunteer chief in Pasco County has stated that you can expect to add 15 minutes
per response time by using volunteers.  Trained volunteer firefighters are a
part of fire departments all over Florida and probably in every other state. I
have seen them in action in Illinois and find that statement to be inflammatory
and degrading.

 Our own Northwest Fire District uses trained volunteers, some of whom live in
Spring Hill. Deputy Chief William Topping of Martin County tells us that Martin
County uses about 200 trained volunteers.

    If response time is as bad as we are told it is in Pasco County, either
Pasco needs to review its training programs, or the residents in other fire
districts are in more danger than they realize.
 Roland J. Olsberg
 Spring Hill
 This cap won't hold
 down the fire tax rate


   Editor: The political signs which are posted throughout Spring Hill
advocating the passage of the $ 94 flat tax rate for the fire district are
misleading. They state the $ 94 is a tax cap, when in fact it is far from a tax
cap. The present ad valorem tax is a tax cap of 2.75 mills, while the proposed
flat rate $ 94 "Tax Cap" can be raised every year, and you can be sure it will
be. Vote NO
 Roberta E. Robertson
 Spring Hill
 Don't belittle trained,
 dedicated volunteers


   Editor: Recently, some of your letter writers made some remarks about "burger
flipping" volunteer firefighters.

    Perhaps they should realize that there are thousands of volunteer
firefighters in this country who devote their time protecting lives and
property.

    As an ex-chief and former volunteer firefighter, I feel they should realize
that we do not take someone off a grill and put a hose in his hands.

    In my department we had to attend fire college and have quarterly seminars
on the latest fire fighting methods and hazards involved.

    Volunteer firefighters could not replace the fine men we have in the Spring
Hill Fire Department due to the area involved. But in trying to make a point,
don't belittle the many volunteer firefighters who are dedicated to their
service.

    By the way, in Spring Hill, we have a group of dedicated volunteers. The
Volunteer Fire Police of Spring Hill should be complimented for the fine service
they perform, when they are not "flipping burgers."
 Bill Cheeseman
 Spring Hill
 The fire tax system
 already is broken


   Editor: There have been a number of letters published about the $ 94 flat
rate fire tax, stating "If it ain't broke, don't fix it " Well folks, it is
broke that's the problem.

    The system has allowed a particular department to become too large and
grossly exceed its fiscal responsibilities.

    The system has also failed to maintain a "Fair Share" tax for equal services
to all residents of Spring Hill. No wonder certain people who pay little or no
fire tax do not want to see a flat rate instituted.

    As for the firefighters who are afraid of a cutback of personnel: No job
carries an absolute guarantee. Should there ever be a layoff of a few people,
the best and most ambitious personnel should be retained, or wouldn't the union
allow for such a sensible approach?
 Charles Watson
 Spring Hill
 Share your views


   The Hernando Times welcomes letters from readers for publication.

    Because of space limitations, letters should be of reasonable length
(250-300 words maximum as a rule).

    Send your letter to Hernando Times, Times Square Suite 101, 3233 Commercial
Way, Spring Hill, FL 34606.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              158 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to Editor; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1397 words


Is it an ice rink or

an events center?

John Bannon

Cheyenne

Seems that some want to call the Taco John's Events Center an ice rink and
others an events center.

If you call it an ice rink then that's what you would utilize it for, and that
would make it an official recreation activity that the citizens of Cheyenne
could utilize all-year long.

If you use it as an events center then what kind of recreation events are you
going to be held there?

Does Parks and Recreation have the budget for the rink operator/events
coordinator plus three to five more employees and their benefits and training?

As I recall a few years ago when all the hype was the original investors pushing
the IKON Center as an ice rink and a rink that Cheyenne needed, public skating
was limited. Most ice time was given to hockey and the ice was pulled in March.
Why, because that building cannot maintain the building and the ice in warm
months without the energy cost skyrocketing!

If this proposal is such a good business then before any decisions are even
considered everything needs to be compared from the time that center opened from
all expenses to admissions and attendance, maintenance.

So, if this proposal to use taxpayer money for recreational purpose as an ice
rink then yes; to utilize it as an events center business then no. Now to take
the building and dismantle it as an ice rink and turn it into a recreation
center maybe.

As for the land swap issue the city could build a new ice rink that could be
used by the citizens all year long for less than $2 million on the land the city
already owns. So until a lot of actual numbers start getting reviewed and a few
more appraisals broken down by property only and another appraisal from an
actual business value. Until actual public access and use of the building is
specified this deal needs to be placed on hold and reviewed thoroughly, after
all if it's such a good opportunity I think these investors need to talk to a
realtor and offer this price nationally with trade options.

Get involved with Motorized Recreational Council

Neil Benton

Casper

This month I attended the Wyoming Trails Council bi-annual meeting.

One of the main reasons I wanted to attend was to find out where the money is
going when I purchase my ORV sticker? I purchase my sticker every year along
with 44,000 other Wyoming residences. Every year the federal government gives
out RTP funds. These RTP funds are used for diversified project, non-motorized
project, and motorized projects.

These grants are open to the public and the state. The majority of grant
applications are coming from the States Trails Program there applications do not
follow the same stringent guidelines as non-profit groups and federal
applicants. In 2007 the state of Wyoming was given a little over $1 million in
RTP funds.

Out of diversified and motorized funds 88 percent went to snow related equipment
and services. Again, at last weeks meeting the Wyoming Trail Council allocated
the RTP funds for 2008 and well over 90 percent went to snow related equipment
and services.

The Wyoming Trails Council even gave nearly $40,000 to a group in Montana, these
are Wyoming funds.

The Wyoming Trails Council has 10 members at the meeting only 7 were present and
none represent ATV/motorcycle enthusiasts. I think it is time for the ORV
sticker purchasers to take action.

Write your state representative and governor; get involved with your local
ATV/motorcycle clubs and the Motorized Recreational Council of Wyoming the only
statewide ATV/motorcycle advocacy group http://www.mrcow.org.

Don't waste time, we are already behind.

No reason for Segrave to

belittle a former Marine

Jeff Allen

Cheyenne

I wonder why it is that when Tommy (Segrave) gets angry with Jack Quirk, the one
thing he keeps bringing up is that Mr. Quirk is a retired Marine.

I find it appalling that a government official would belittle a serviceman who
has fought for you to be able to voice your rude and attacking opinions. Come on
Tommy!

Mr. Segrave is saying that the city is getting a deal on the ice rink. How much
do you personally stand to gain in this transaction as an investor in the
current rink? So my question is Tommy are you willing to put your reputation on
the line (what's left of the one you have) and have the maintenance records of
the building and equipment put in the paper or on the news so that everyone in
the city can see them?

I know that a couple of citizens have been looking for them and have got the
run-around getting sent from place to place without anyone knowing where they
are.

My other question Mr. Segrave is if the city does buy the ice rink, how long
will you wait to suggest a sixth penny sales tax to help ease the burden of the
city fixing your money pit?

Increase police pay

and police presence

Walt Hushbeck

Cheyenne

I really love Cheyenne.

This is why it is heartbreaking to watch this city move in the direction that I
believe it is moving. Making this personal will probably remove any legitimacy
from my point of view, but I am going to anyway.

A few months ago, my dog was shot in my own backyard. On Dec. 7th, a pick-up
truck crashed through my yard, tore my landscaping to shreds, only to drive off
immediately. Presently, the amount of graffiti in my neighborhood has probably
increased ten-fold in the last couple of years. All of these are crimes are
almost impossible to solve without someone being there when they happened, but I
am willing to bet these are not one-time criminals performing these acts.

Eventually, they could be caught in the act by a well-staffed police force that
is highly paid and fully-backed by the city government.

Every time I open the newspaper, I see some grand project that the City Council
is trying to put together. Here is my grand project to help this city:

- Increase every police officer's pay to place them above Fort Collins, Colo.,
and Laramie, and add more officers to the department. My project is probably a
pretty expensive idea, but I bet I could find some other projects to funnel
from. The prioritizing decision comes down to increased support of police
officers versus helping the City Council win silly awards, and subsidize
super-rich hotel chains.

Writers comments about

teachers unions is wrong

Roger MacDonald-Evoy

Cheyenne

In a letter to the editor concerning the Charter School, Tom Marsh Sr. made some
rather remarkable assertions about teachers and teacher unions.

He claimed that in "every school district in the country, one is not voted onto
the school board with out the support of the teachers union." Sometimes the word
"every" can be used correctly; those, however, are very rare instances and need
good references and data to back it up.

In this instance, it is far from the truth. If Mr. Marsh's assertion were true,
there would be no negotiation controversies with school boards around the
country, no Intelligent Design board fights fewer issues with free speech in the
classroom and much more. Many people have stood for school board on anti-union
agendas and were elected for just that reason.

Mr. Marsh also stated that no other group of people wanting to be called
professionals is unionized. Nothing could be further from the truth. There is
The International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, notice how
professional is in the title. Most people would consider those in the United
American Nurses as professionals, and the American Guild of Musical Artists, and
numerous other professional associations that act as bargaining units.

The claim was that it was all about the money with teachers and not about the
students. Our principals, assistant principals and teachers here in Cheyenne are
a very dedicated and professional group. I have had numerous talks with several
of the union representatives. It has always been about the students. These
discussions have never been over teacher salaries.

Tenure, tenure, tenure, the myth that just will not die. You can't fire a
teacher with tenure, you can't fire a federal employee, you can't fire a state
employee. I have heard them all before, all of them untrue. You can fire anyone
with cause if you do your paperwork and have a good reason, tenure will not
protect you.

Using blatantly false information about teacher unions and myths about tenure in
a discussion about charter schools makes one wonder if this charter schools
philosophy is based on similar misinformation.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 22, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Winner will be champ in name only

BYLINE: Bryan Burwell

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 624 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


I do not mean to hurt anyone's feeling, belittle anyone's long-awaited moment of
glory or downplay the significance of the next page in NBA championship history.

But let's face a few obvious facts. No matter who wins the NBA Finals tonight,
they will be regarded as the most mediocre NBA champions in modern history.

It surely won't make the partying in either championship city any less sweet,
but the winner of tonight's climactic Game 7 at The Summit will go down as the
least impressive outfit since the 1958 St. Louis Hawks, who on the way to their
NBA title won only 41 regular-season games in an eight-team league.

Think about what followed after those Hawks. The long championship run of the
Boston Celtics. Wilt's Philadelphia 76ers. The great Knicks of the late '60s and
early '70s. Bird's Celtics. Magic's Lakers. Dr. J's and Moses Malone's '76ers.
The Pistons of Isiah, Dumars and Laimbeer. Michael Jordan's Bulls.

What about the Seattle SuperSonics or Washington Bullets of the late '70s, you
ask? OK, what about them?

The Bullets had two Hall of Famers (Elvin Hayes and Wes Unseld) and another who
ought to be (Bobby Dandridge), plus Phil Chenier and Mitch Kupchak. Seattle had
Dennis Johnson, Gus Williams, Jack Sikma and Freddie Brown.

Any questions?

The NBA is in a little quality slump that might go on for a few more years.
There are a few chief reasons for the slump. First, of course, there are too
many fundamentally unsound kids arriving into the league as underclassman
eligibles, which I've written about before.

But expansion is probably the biggest culprit. Expansion is a modern fact of
life in pro sports. Every city wants a pro team, and every league wants to
expand its reach into new, prosperous marketplaces. But the down side of that
expansion is the talent pool gets spread too thin. The NFL doesn't have enough
quarterbacks. Major league baseball doesn't have enough pitchers, and the NBA
doesn't have enough legitimate superstars anymore.

There used to be a time in the league when championship teams were overloaded
with three or more bona fide all-stars and a bench that was deep in quality
backups.

But now those extra all-stars and bona fide backups are starters on other teams.
Think about an NBA without Charlotte, Miami, Orlando and Minnesota. Alonzo
Mourning, Larry Johnson, Steve Smith, Shaquille O'Neal and Penny Hardaway would
all be starting for some of the older NBA teams. Scott Skiles, Rony Seikaly,
Grant Long, Christian Laettner and Muggsy Bogues would probably be unbelievable
sixth men.

Think about how much better these Finals would be if the Knicks had Steve Smith
or Skiles on their roster. How much more interesting would the NBA be if the
Bulls had Hardaway or the Suns had Mourning. Imagine how potent a Houston
Rockets lineup would be if "Grandmama" was running the floor with Olajuwon and
Grant Long or Seikaly was coming off the bench.

Without expansion, that might have happened. If it did, I sure wouldn't be
dogging these Finals.

So I guess this is the short-term (I hope it isn't long-term) penalty the NBA
must pay for its enormous explosion of the '80s and early '90s. With more
expansion coming in the 1995-96 season, when Toronto and Vancouver join the
league, this trend will probably get worse before it gets better.

But there is hope. In my wildest Sports Center fantasy, Michael will come back
next year, then the Bulls ship Scottie Pippen to Dallas for the rights to Grant
Hill.

But reality tells me we'll have to rely on young teams such as Orlando,
Charlotte, Miami or Denver - or Golden State, with its nice mix of vets and
youngsters - developing into something special.

I am praying. I am hoping. I want the NBA to go back to the future.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1994; COMMENTARY; Pg. 2CJune 24, 1994June 24, 1994June 24,
1994June 24, 1994June 24, 1994

See main story; 01C

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              160 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 15, 2002 Saturday Metro Edition

BASEBALL: Little belittles Curse

BYLINE: MARK BRADLEY

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 534 words


The Red Sox are in first place, which can't last. The Curse of the Bambino will
undo them, same as it has undone the Red Sox whenever they've gotten good. The
Curse permeates New England. The Curse causes New England to live in fear.

Grady Little, significantly, is from the South.

Grady Little is unafraid.

"Everybody's got to have something to believe in," says Little, speaking of the
Curse. And does he? Nah. When Little was named manager of the Red Sox this
spring, he knew not to ask for his preferred number. (Ted Williams, who's so
esteemed in Boston that he has a tunnel named after him, wore the retired No.
9.) "So I said, 'Gimme No. 3.' " And here Little arches an eyebrow.

See, Babe Ruth wore No. 3.

Grady Little is unafraid.

Conventional wisdom holds that nobody can manage the Red Sox --- too much media
scrutiny, too many fatalistic fans. Little won't argue that his is a vocation of
extreme visibility --- "It's a Red Sox town. The New England Patriots won the
Super Bowl and the Bruins made the playoffs and the Celtics were eliminated only
a couple of weeks ago, and it's still a Red Sox town" --- but he hasn't yet been
frazzled. He's in first place. His team is in town to play the Braves in a
big-time series. Besides, even on his worst day, Little is still in the big
time.

"I have fun every day," he says. "When you rode as many buses as I did, you
don't worry that it's too cold in Boston or that the plane flight to Seattle is
too long. I just remember the bus ride from Memphis to Savannah --- that brings
you into reality pretty quick."

Except for four years spent growing cotton in Texas, Little has been a baseball
man all his adult life. He spent six seasons playing in the minors, 16 years
managing various outposts. In 1986 he was hired by Bobby Cox, then the Atlanta
GM, to manage the Braves' Appalachian League affiliate. He moved from Pulaski to
Durham to Greenville to Richmond, overseeing some notables along the way --- Tom
Glavine, Steve Avery, Javy Lopez, Chipper Jones. He even had Mike Kelly, the
exalted prospect with the lamentable hole in his swing. "The ball had a way of
missing his bat," Little says, deadpan.

Little's speech bears the gentle undulations of North Carolina, where he grew up
and lives still. There's nothing gentle about New England speech, either in tone
or content. Little finds the language barrier amusing. "There may be 20 or 25
[media people] there before a game. I just talk a little slower, and sooner or
later they leave."

He laughs. Believe it or not, Grady Little likes the media. When you're 52 and
you're managing your first big-league team and you're in first place, life is a
carnival. Even the confrontations with the despised Yankees have been hoots.
"The fans got pretty excited," he says, and he mentions a chant that Fenway
patrons have made their staple. "I've got a 3-year-old grandson, and we can
hardly get him to stop saying, 'Yankees [do an unflattering thing].' "

The Red Sox may fulfill New England's darkest fears and fall to pieces tomorrow,
but it won't because their manager tightens up.

Grady Little is from the South, and Grady Little is unafraid.

mbradley@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              161 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                      April 16, 2001 Monday Final Edition

The host with the most: NBC hopes Anne Robinson, Britain's second rudest person,
will re-ignite its Monday lineup

SOURCE: The Province

BYLINE: Ed Bark

SECTION: E Entertainment Today!; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 718 words

Her theme song, in NBC promotional spots, is Foreigner's "Cold as Ice."

Which fits when you're a true Brit imported to host a big-money game show in a
manner befitting a dominatrix. Cry for your mama, Wink Martindale. Anne Robinson
is coming to these shores to MC Weakest Link, where only the strongest survives
while the rest are dismissed with her perfunctory, "You are the weakest link.
Goodbye."

NBC, desperate for a breakout hit in the "reality" programming field, dearly
wants this to become America's newest catch phrase. So here's to you, Mrs.
Robinson, whom the network chose over Survivor champ Richard Hatch to light a
fire under its moribund Monday night lineup.

Both auditioned to host the Americanized Weakest Link, which has become a hit in
Great Britain with Robinson at the helm. NBC eventually decided she was
irreplaceable, although Hatch still might get to host a syndicated daytime
version of the show if it scores for NBC.

"I met him (Hatch) briefly and he was kind enough to leave me a copy of his book
on how to be a successful person," Robinson says during a teleconference. "I
thought he was charming."

The bespectacled 56-year-old consumer reporter and newspaper columnist is
anti-charming while presiding over Weakest Link in black outfits, wire-rimmed
specs and short-cropped red hair. On the British version of the show, which
premiered in prime time last fall, she's often contemptuous of the eight
contestants vying for a goodly sum of pounds.

A tape provided by NBC includes this dress-down of the group at large: "When we
began this evening, I explained that you were all previous winners on this show.
Which must be puzzling for the audience and embarrassing for you because there's
absolutely no evidence of your skill."

Harrumph. Game show hosts traditionally have gleaming teeth, peppy demeanors and
enough good cheer to gag even Santa Claus. Still, Robinson isn't the genre's
first put-down artist. The late Joe Pyne, an acerbic ex-Marine with a
combat-induced wooden leg, used to spew venom as host of the 1966 NBC game show
Showdown. Its producers added possible injury to insult by putting contestants
in breakaway seats designed to collapse when they missed a question. Nice touch.

NBC also presented one of the very few game shows hosted by a woman. But Just
Men!, with Betty White as congenial quizmaster, lasted just three months in
1983.

Robinson, who is married and has a daughter working as a TV producer in New
York, says she appreciates smart contestants and quick wits who will snap back
at her if challenged.

"I don't expect them to have a lack of intelligence," she says. "I expect to
spar with them, not belittle them."

But belittle them she will, as she did on the British version with a bloke named
Andrew.

"Oh, I didn't realize you were a coward," she told him after he broke a tie vote
by evicting the smarter of two contestants for fear he "might be a bit of a
threat" later in the game.

The show essentially is a blend of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and Survivor.
Contestants build up money by answering questions sequentially. Unless someone
says "bank" beforehand, all winnings are forfeited by a wrong answer. At the end
of each round, the perceived "weakest link" is voted off. The final twosome
eventually faces off in a winner-takes-all round.

Total prize money is $1 million US, although contestants would have to be
flawless to win that much.

Questions will span a variety of disciplines, including, of course, basic
knowledge of television programming. But you won't hear Robinson ask this one:
"Which TV show first seen on BBC 2 introduced Big Ted and Humpty?"

That would be Playschool. On the NBC version, you might get, "Which of these is
not a TV Ted: Danson, Koppel, Knight, Bear?"

That would be Bear.

Robinson, who has been voted her country's second rudest woman on TV and also
its third most popular, is finding almost unanimous favour with at least one
bloc of viewers.

"I understand I have become a gay icon, and that some men get very excited about
me being in leather," she says. "As long as they watch the show, I don't have
any particular concern about it."

With that she said, "Bye bye" -- very cheerily it should be noted.

Perhaps she wasn't feeling all that well.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP; Anne Robinson is the host of NBC's new game show Weakest
Link, which airs three consecutive nights beginning tonight. Robinson is known
for her stern treatment of contestants and her catch phrase, 'You are the
weakest link. Goodbye.'

TYPE: General

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

Kawakami: Now it's Kobe's time

BYLINE: Tim Kawakami Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 796 words


Mitch Richmond knows this better than most, knows it so well and vividly that
there's almost a touch of post-traumatic stress when he talks about it.

Richmond knows because no less an authority than Michael Jordan declared him one
of MJ's toughest matchups, and because Richmond went up against Kobe Bryant in
practice every day when they were Lakers teammates during the title-winning
2001-02 season.

Richmond knows: The single greatest common thread between Jordan and Bryant is
their ability and hunger to destroy every opponent in their paths.

Belittle Bryant's cold arrogance all you want. Call him selfish. Rail about his
sense of entitlement. But you can't deny that Kobe and Jordan are the only two
guards who have played the game like this.

"Both guys, when they've got you in a cage, they're going to keep you in there,"
Richmond said this week. "They're going to kill you and keep killing you until
you're dead."

That's the macro-maniacal look at the Lakers-Celtics meeting in the NBA finals,
which starts tonight in Boston. But it's also the most significant piece of
developing history.

It's about Kobe Now vs. MJ Past. It's about Bryant, finding his place in the
all-time basketball constellation.

It's about Kobe, at 29, 12 years into his pro career and after countless
rampaging controversies, aiming for his first finals most valuable player award,
fully aware that Jordan won six, Shaquille O'Neal three (with Bryant as his
tense sidekick for all of them), Tim Duncan three, Magic Johnson three and Larry
Bird two.

"Kobe's not finished yet," said Richmond, who retired in 2002 and now is a
Warriors executive. "I think he's going to go down as one of the best guards
that ever played the game. And Michael is the best guard who ever played . . .

"We used to call Michael . . . well, we used to call him 'God,' you know. He
could do no wrong on the basketball court in anything he tried."

So Richmond very definitively is not ranking Kobe ahead or on par with the
Jordan deity; Richmond says that nobody can equal Jordan's impact on the game.

But it's significant when a sterling member of the MJ Generation allows that
there are heavy similarities. And importantly: Richmond and his peers have
always admired Bryant for his ferocity and stubborn single-mindedness.

What Richmond understands about Bryant is his ability and will to take over the
most important parts of the most important games - such as the end of Game 5
against San Antonio.

Bryant doesn't have a pack of NBA buddy-peers, nor does he want one. Bryant has
demanded to be traded, feuded with and eventually pushed O'Neal to be traded,
exchanged gibes with Ray Allen, Phil Jackson and many more.

Basically, Bryant wants to dominate and he wants to eclipse Jordan, Bill Russell
and anybody else you want to name.

And now Bryant has a handful of teammates on whom he can rely - Pau Gasol, Lamar
Odom, Derek Fisher, Jordan Farmar, Sasha Vujacic - and he still has the skill to
put up 50 at any time.

Richmond plays it down, but I've heard that in 2001-02, Bryant sought out
Richmond time and again for feisty practice-court showdowns - as a test, as an
acknowledgment of Richmond's status in the league, and as a way to show the Old
Guard what was coming next.

"Oh yeah, it got heated sometimes," Richmond said. "I was physical and he knew
that was going to be the way I played him. I was an older guy, fading, and he
was a young guy, up and coming. And you still want to hold your ground."

That was in 2001-02, the Lakers' final title season of the Kobe-Shaq tandem; in
summer 2004, O'Neal was traded to Miami, then O'Neal won the 2006 title with the
Heat.

Why didn't Bryant want to play with O'Neal anymore? He knew that O'Neal's body
was already breaking down and that O'Neal would never put in the work to keep
himself in top shape; Bryant wanted new, younger, sleeker teammates; most of
all, Bryant wanted to carry the team on his own.

"He wants to put the team on his back every night because he's just such an
eager scorer," Richmond said. "He's starving every day to score. Starving.

"But now he's understanding that he can let the other guys touch the ball early,
let them get into a flow. I think Mike did that at the end of his career - let
guys get into the flow, get his buckets in the flow of the game and when it's
time to score, he does it in the fourth quarter."

Bryant is guaranteed to do it a few times in the next few games - my prediction:
Lakers in five - and he might not be the most friendly person in the world while
doing it.

Bryant won't care much, as long as he's the one collecting the trophies and
getting that much closer to joining Jordan at the summit.

Check out Tim Kawakami's Talking Points at blogs.mercurynews.com/ kawakami.
Contact him at tkawakami@mercurynews . com or (408) 920-5442.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant shoots during practice Wednesday, June
4, 2008, in Boston. The Lakers play the Boston Celtics in Game 1 of the NBA
basketball finals Thursday night. (AP Photo/Winslow Townson)
Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant grins at his teammates during practice
Wednesday, June 4, 2008, in Boston. Bryant leads the Lakers against the Boston
Celtics in Game 1 of the NBA basketball finals Thursday night in Boston. (AP
Photo/Mark Duncan)
Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant listens to a question after basketball practice
in El Segundo, Calif., Tuesday, June 3, 2008. The Lakers will meet the Boston
Celtics in Game 1 of the NBA finals Thursday in Boston. (AP Photo/Kevork
Djansezian)
Los Angeles Lakers' Kobe Bryant poses for a photograph during a practice day in
Los Angeles on Sunday, June 1, 2008. The Lakers face the Boston Celtics in the
NBA basketball finals starting Thursday. (AP Photo/Hector Mata)
Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant sits on the bench during the second half of
Game 3 of the NBA Western Conference basketball finals against the San Antonio
Spurs, Sunday, May 25, 2008 in San Antonio. San Antonio won 103-84. (AP
Photo/Eric Gay)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Tigers getting more than they can handle

BYLINE: Scot Gregor, Daily Herald Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 522 words


Look at the AL Central standings this morning, and you'll see the Detroit Tigers
still hold a half-game lead over the White Sox in the AL Central.

But this might be a classic episode of "Sometimes the Numbers Lie.''

Powered by a 15-1 spurt in May, the Tigers jumped into first place, and they
still own the best record (37-22) in baseball.

Not to belittle the competition, but Detroit fattened up on teams like the
Royals, Orioles, Indians and Twins during last month's surge.

Now, the Tigers are nearing the end of a brutal 13-game stretch against the
Yankees, Red Sox, White Sox and Blue Jays.

They went 1-3 against New York and 1-2 against Boston. Much more important, the
Tigers are now 0-2 against the White Sox after dropping a 4-3 decision Wednesday
night at U.S. Cellular Field.

The Tigers are 0-5 against the Sox this season and 5-19 dating to last year.

According to Alex Cintron, who drove in the winning run for the second straight
game, the White Sox have a huge psychological advantage over their Motown
rivals.

"They came in here all pumped up, and they were playing good baseball,'' Cintron
said. "Now, their lead is down to a half-game. They're down, and we're going for
the sweep.''

If the Sox can pull that off, they'd have sole possession of first place for the
first time since May 15.

White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen sensed some panic in the streets before the
series opener against the Tigers, and that left him puzzled.

"Everybody in Chicago was scared when Detroit came in,'' Guillen said. "They
said they could leave town 6 1/2 games ahead. I don't know why people don't
believe in us. We were in that position before, even last year, and we played
good.''

In their latest win, the Sox got a solid start from Jose Contreras. While
winning for the first time since May 4, Contreras (6-0) allowed 3 runs (2
earned) over 7 innings while outdueling impressive Detroit rookie Justin
Verlander (7-4).

With the Sox leading 3-2 in the top of the seventh inning, a rare defensive
breakdown by third baseman Joe Crede allowed the Tigers to tie the game.

With runners on first and second and two outs, Magglio Ordonez grounded to the
left side. Crede came in and bobbled the ball for an error, then threw wildly to
first base for another error, allowing Curtis Granderson to score.

But the Sox answered in their half, and Crede got the rally started with a
leadoff single off Verlander.

Left-hander Jamie Walker relieved, and Rob Mackowiak put down a perfect bunt to
move Crede to second.

That brought Cintron to the plate. With regular shortstop Juan Uribe out for the
second straight game to be with his expecting wife, Cintron singled to left, and
Crede scored the winning run thanks to an aggressive decision by third-base
coach Joey Cora.

And give an assist to Detroit left fielder Alexis Gomez, who bobbled the ball
and never got off a throw home.

"He was going all the way, and it worked,'' Cora said. "It was iffy, but
sometimes you have to take chances.''

Cintron won Tuesday's game with a 3-run homer in the eighth inning.

"It's all about winning,'' Cintron said. "If they tell me to play, I'm going to
try to help the team win.''

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A photograph accompanied this article, however the caption information
was not available. Check the dated microfilm for the text of the caption.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              164 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 18, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

PRO BASKETBALL;
This Time, Knicks Skip a Nap Against the Bulls

BYLINE:  By CHRIS BROUSSARD

SECTION: Section 8; Column 3; Sports Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 789 words


It would be easy to belittle the Knicks' 101-80 romp over the Chicago Bulls last
night at Madison Square Garden. After all, the Bulls have not won on the road
since Dec. 13, a span of 20 games.

But it is against bottom-rung teams that the Knicks are often at their worst.
The same Bulls who missed open layups and clanged 3-pointers last night beat the
Knicks by 9 points on March 2.

So this rout is not to be dismissed, even if the Bulls (11-54) were playing for
the second straight night and without their best player, Elton Brand. It is a
sign that the Knicks (40-26) may be maturing, that they may be learning to play
hard even when the opposing roster is almost laughable.

Last night's victory was the sixth in seven games for the Knicks, and it left
them undefeated in a four-game homestand. They have won eight straight at the
Garden. A better test of where they stand will come Tuesday at Cleveland. The
Cavaliers, whom the Knicks beat by 19 points last Tuesday, might be a weak team,
but the Knicks have lost eight of their last nine road games.

"I felt that we played very well tonight," Coach Jeff Van Gundy said. "We all
know that we have been home for a really long time and now we're heading to the
road. We have to change it around on the road. It was great that we won all four
at home, but now we have the challenge to see where we are really at."

If the Knicks can take care of Cleveland on Tuesday and the Nets on Friday, they
will have a margin for error on their coming West Coast swing. That trip will
feature five games in seven days, including games against the Los Angeles
Lakers, the Portland Trail Blazers and the Sacramento Kings.

The Knicks, who played last night without Glen Rice (stomach virus) and Larry
Johnson (sore back), ran away with the game 10 minutes after tip-off. They
outscored the Bulls, 34-7, over an eight-minute stretch to turn a 23-22 lead
into a 28-point advantage before the second quarter was seven minutes old.

From the midway point of the first quarter to the midway point of the second,
the Knicks scored on 21 of 22 possessions. They finished the half shooting a
stunning 71 percent and scoring 61 points, a season high. Regardless of the
competition, it was impressive.

"We have to take credit for that," said Marcus Camby, who scored 15 of his 19
points in the first half and displayed nice range on his jump shot. "They didn't
give us any sympathy in Chicago when they beat us, so we came out here ready. We
didn't forget about that game."

The Knicks, who shot a season-high 62.1 percent, were led by Latrell Sprewell,
who had 22 points and 9 assists. Kurt Thomas finished with 18 points and 9
rebounds, and Mark Jackson had 9 points, 8 assists and 7 rebounds. The Knicks
slipped briefly in the third quarter, allowing the Bulls to cut the deficit to
13 points, but they regrouped before letting Chicago get any closer.

Thomas started for the sixth straight game. Johnson recently had his fears of
taking anti-inflammatory drugs dispelled by two doctors, and is believed to be
taking them again. He practiced at yesterday morning's shoot-around and is
expected to begin playing at full speed this week. He may be ready to play in
Friday's home game against the Nets.

The Knicks have not missed a beat without Johnson, going 5-1 during his absence,
and his replacements, Thomas and Othella Harrington, are largely responsible.
Thomas has played so well that it is difficult to imagine removing him from the
starting lineup when Johnson returns.

Thomas averaged 13.5 points and 9.6 rebounds over the previous five games.
Harrington, moved into Van Gundy's eight-man rotation while Johnson healed, has
also performed well, giving the Knicks solid play in the low post. Last night,
he scored 10 points and grabbed 5 rebounds.

With Johnson's return nearing, Van Gundy was asked before the game about the
prospect of increasing his rotation to nine players and of keeping Thomas as a
starter. Van Gundy said he would not consider playing four players off the bench
regularly, even if it meant sitting Harrington.

Harrington said he understood, but he is trying to make Van Gundy's decision
difficult. "I just go out and play and compete every night and let him know what
I can do," Harrington said.

Van Gundy plans to start Johnson when he returns, even though Thomas has
produced better statistics as a starter. In 21 starts this season, Thomas has
averaged 12.2 points, 8.3 rebounds and 52 percent shooting, compared with
Johnson's averages of 10.7 points, 5.9 rebounds and 41.8 percent shooting.

Thomas said he did not care one way or the other about starting. "I've been in
and out of the starting lineup all season," he said. "I know my role on this
team and I just go out there and play."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Latrell Sprewell, passing over Ron Artest, led all scorers last
night with 22 points as the Knicks won for the sixth time in seven games.
(Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              165 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

John Smallwood: A Soul parade won't be major event in Philly

SECTION: SPORTS; DN Columnists; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 724 words


THE FOLLOWING is not intended to dismiss, disregard or disrespect the
Philadelphia Soul or the Arena Football League.

In fact, the Soul, headed by majority co-owners Jon Bon Jovi and Craig A.
Spencer and with football operations guided by former Eagles legend Ron
Jaworski, has been an ideal franchise in its commitment to building an AFL
Championship caliber team for Philadelphia.

The players work as hard as any athletes in the city and sacrifice body and soul
(no pun intended) to represent Philadelphia proudly on and off the field.

So it would not be fair to belittle the Soul's 5-year climb from expansion team
to champions of the National Conference with Saturday's 70-35 thrashing of the
Cleveland Gladiators.

But as much as the Soul is dedicated to beating the San Jose SaberCats in
ArenaBowl XXII on July 27 in New Orleans; as much as it proclaims that it wants
to bring a professional team sports championship here; as much as ESPN, the
broadcast partner of the AFL, tried to emphasize the Soul's quest to end
Philly's sports misery, it won't count.

If the Soul indeed defeats the defending ArenaBowl Champion SabreCats, it would
be a championship, but it wouldn't end the drought.

The Soul could win the next five ArenaBowls, but until the Eagles, Flyers,
Phillies or Sixers manage to win either a Super Bowl, the Stanley Cup, the World
Series or the NBA Final, Philadelphia will remain recognized as the city that
has gone without a professional team championship since 1983.

Sorry folks, we can't back-door our way of this.

Just as Philadelphia homeboy Bernard Hopkins' reigning as the undisputed
middleweight champion did not count, and Philadelphia Park-reared Smarty Jones
winning the Kentucky Derby didn't break the curse, neither would the Soul
capturing the AFL title.

Our cumulative 100-season losing streak isn't simply about getting a champion in
any sport. If that were the case, Philly would already be out of this sports
community funk:

* The Kixx won Major Indoor Soccer League titles in 2002 and 2007.

* The Wings, who have been around for 22 seasons, have won six championships in
professional indoor lacrosse.

I don't remember 1 million people lined up for a parade down Broad Street for
any of those championships. I don't remember the mayor handing out Keys to the
City.

It can be fairly argued that with the AFL's history dating to its founding in
1987, franchises located in major cities like Philadelphia, Chicago, Cleveland,
Dallas, Denver, Los Angeles, New Orleans and Phoenix, and a television partner
with a minority stake ownership, the AFL has as much clout as any niche sport in
the country.

Franchise majority owners like Bon Jovi, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones' NFL
legends John Elway and Mike Ditka give even more profile to the league.

Still, the Arena Football League is not one of the "Big Four," and neither is
Major League Soccer, which Philadelphia will join in 2010.

In American professional team sports, the "Big Four" remain Major League
Baseball, the National Football League, the National Basketball Association and
the National Hockey League.

Philadelphia joins Atlanta, Chicago, Detroit, New York, and Washington, D.C., as
the only cities represented by name in the NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB.

Philadelphia, Atlanta, Chicago and Denver, which has two teams called Colorado,
are the only ones with all four leagues playing home games within its city
limits.

Philadelphia's connection to the NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB is a huge part of the
city's civic pride and identity.

Because of that, the specific cures for this sports-fan agony can only come in
the form of capturing the Vince Lombardi Trophy, World Series Trophy, Larry
O'Brien Trophy or Staley Cup.

The celebration for Philadelphia rising up from its professional sports coffin
must involve a full-fledged parade down Broad Street with a million
Philadelphians basking in joyous relief.

A parade around the Wachovia Center parking lot in front of a few thousand fans
wouldn't get it done.

Cheer the Soul in the ArenaBowl because it deserves the support.

Still, the best the Soul can do is bring its league's version of a championship
back to Philadelphia.

It cannot end the drought.

That is the exclusive responsibility of the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies and Sixers.
*

Send e-mail to

smallwj@phillynews.com.

For recent columns, go to

http://go.philly.com/smallwood.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 18, 2004 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

EXPECTATIONS OF IRISH FAITHFUL EXCEED REALITY

BYLINE: By Jeff Shain Knight Ridder

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 456 words


Not long ago, Terry Bowden voiced a reasonably simple formula for gauging the
appeal of a coaching vacancy.

"Expectations have to equal reality," the ABC analyst and former Auburn coach
said. "They expect you to win 10 games a year - well, can you win 10 a year?
Based on recruiting, maybe you can't, so it's a bad job."

Right now, Notre Dame is a bad job.

That's not meant to belittle Charlie Weis before the business cards get printed.
Happily, there's no FireCharlieWeis.com lurking about on the Internet. Yet.

But the Patriots' offensive guru has an arduous task ahead before reality meets
Irish expectations.

Notre Dame's admission standards remain daunting. Since the turn of the century,
the Irish have scored mere cameos among recruiting's top 10. And they still play
eight bowl teams a year.

It never became more apparent than when Urban Meyer took a peek under the Golden
Dome, then jumped to Florida. When a guy writes an escape clause into his
contract for you, then flees, it says a lot.

"I think the mystique's giving way to reality now," ESPN analyst Bill Curry
said.

In days past, the Fighting Irish always got their man. Ara Parseghian, 4-0
against Notre Dame while at Northwestern. Dan Devine, pried from the NFL. Lou
Holtz, who originated the Notre Dame escape clause. Even Gerry Faust, legendary
Ohio prep coach before getting in over his head, was a first choice.

Now the job belongs to Weis, whose innovation and straight-up demeanor still
might be the right elixir.

But he must elevate an offense ranked No. 78 in the nation and a pass defense
ranked 91st. And then he'll have to sustain forward progress.

Check back in 2007.

BALLOT BATTLE: The tussle over those secret coaches' poll ballots now includes a
legal twist. Two newspapers, citing open-records laws, have filed requests for
votes from the final poll.

The Atlanta Journal-Constitution wants the ballots of all 61 coaches; The Fort
Worth Star-Telegram seeks those from the 55 public universities with coaches on
the board. At last count, only two have complied - Oregon and Washington State.

The coaches' poll is under scrutiny after a 39-point swing in the final ballot
lifted Texas past California into the lone open slot in the Bowl Championship
Series.

GETTING ZIP: Still feeling badly for Auburn or California after the latest BCS
brouhaha? Consider Akron, the lone Division I-A team eligible for a bowl but
uninvited.

Heading into the final Saturday, the Zips needed Louisville to knock Tulane out
of bowl eligibility and Michigan State to do likewise at Hawaii.

Louisville did its job with a 55-7 romp, and things looked bright when Michigan
State jumped out to a 21-0 lead. But Hawaii rallied to win 41-38 and nab a
Hawaii Bowl berth.

That left Akron on the sideline.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLLEGE FOOTBALL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              167 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 8, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Cosby's critique of blacks is not merely an entertainer's 'tirade'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 482 words

Bill Cosby's public critique of the current state of black Americans must not be
distorted as a "tirade against the black community ("Cosby has more tough love
for black community," USATODAY.com; "Cosby brings up blacks' 'dirty laundry',"
News, Friday).

Cosby earned a doctorate in education and has provided millions of dollars
toward helping others pursue their educations. His words must be heard with
respect to his professional and civil-rights background and leadership. He is
not merely an "entertainer," as he was identified, poorly, within the articles.


This description indirectly belittles Cosby's accomplishments. No one refers to
controversial author Dinesh D'Souza's critiques as "tirades."

Cosby presented a painfully honest truth that many in both the majority and the
black community have failed to either acknowledge or ameliorate.

He spoke loudly and clearly for many of us within the black community. During
this 40th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act and the commemoration of Brown vs.
Board of Education, everyone needs to reflect on the festering problems that
Cosby addresses.

As one of our few modern civil-rights leaders and as an advocate for education,
Cosby must be applauded for this effort.

Tony Spearman-Leach

Detroit

Action, not words, needed

Bill Cosby's comments at the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition & Citizenship Education
Fund's annual conference in Chicago last week, however true, tend to reek of
disassociation. His concerns are valid, but his actions toward a resolution of
them ought to be more resounding. Indeed, his prominence could be utilized to
effectively address the real and multifaceted problems African-Americans face.

Poor parenting, by any ethnic group, is generally a byproduct of years of
impoverished living. These results would exist within any ethnic group,
community or nation compelled to struggle for whatever scraps were available.
This problem is multifaceted -- from enslavement and present-day
disenfranchisement to the difficulty of procuring a high-quality education. The
problem is also cyclical.

If actors can become governor and president, then why not Cosby, too? Why
doesn't he consider addressing the problems of all minorities through the true
power source in America -- politics?

Robin Washington

New Orleans

Accountability is lacking

I commend Bill Cosby on his statements concerning our youth of today,
particularly African-American youth. He was not talking about all
African-Americans. It is easy to blame anyone but yourself, but parents today
need to look into the mirror. Since the day prayer was banned from our schools,
not only have our prisons filled, but the morality of our youth and many
Americans has gone down the toilet. The word "accountability" means nothing.
America needs to wake up before it is too late.

Rich Bossen

Clinton Township, Mich.

LOAD-DATE: July 08, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, M. Spencer Green, AP; Strong words: Bill Cosby, with Jesse
Jackson at right, addresses an audience of activists in Chicago last week.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              168 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      August 4, 2002 Sunday, FINAL Edition

Michael's ideas, not words, offensive;
The candidate for governor shows himself extraordinarily unworthy to run for
public office.

BYLINE: John Porter

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 846 words


Peel away the sensationalism surrounding Rep. John Michael's recent radio talk
show gaff and you're still left with a man who has no business running for
governor.

Michael, an independent, went on WMTW radio's "Early Edition" program week
before last and, in describing what it was like to be disciplined as a member of
the Maine Legislature, used the racist slur most hated by black Americans. (It
is the newspaper's policy not to use this term in print if it can at all be
avoided.)

That Michael would show such poor judgment as to use such language while
broadcasting live on the radio casts doubt on his fitness as a public servant.
But let's move beyond the profane nature of Michael's choice of words to the
underlying content.

MICHAEL WAS BROUGHT on to the show to discuss the U.S. House's decision to expel
Rep. James Traficant, D-Ohio. (In interest of disclosure, I should note that I
provide a weekly, pre-recorded commentary for WMTW, and Press Herald columnist
Bill Nemitz is one of the hosts of the station's morning program.)

Michael was describing what it is like to have a legislative body discipline a
member. He had previously been censured and required to take anger management
courses following a verbal assault on two state senators.

He made a comparison between his treatment and the legacy of racism, saying that
it seemed like legislators were out to get him. "And that was when I realized
how desperate these people were to just . . . put the black boy in his place,
you know? Put the (slur deleted) in his place, so to speak."

Later, Michael defended his remarks as a historical reference. He saw his
mistreatment as similar to that experienced by black Americans.

Hmmmm. Now, I will never know what it is like to be a black person in this
country. The fact is I'm white, and I am not in any way qualified to give a
complete portrait of the experience of being black.

Still, I once heard a speaker at a forum on racism at the Portland YWCA remark
that, "You don't have to touch the stove to know it's hot." Which means that
while one cannot always gain a full appreciation for what it is like to be in
another's shoes, if you work hard you can at least get a clue.

Did the Maine Legislature buy and sell John Michael's ancestors like they were
animals? Did the Legislature ever burn a cross on his lawn? Did it ever burst
into his home, or the home of one of his family members, and drag people out
into the woods and hang them? Did the Legislature ever make it so the police
would be more likely to stop John Michael than other people? Did the Legislature
have him followed around electronics stores and then falsely accuse him of
shoplifting?

No, the Legislature did none of these things. Instead, it slapped him on the
wrist and told him to go get some professional help.

Which is to say, even if we buy Michael's rather lame explanation for his
remarks, they're still offensive. In fact, that the slur was uttered isn't the
real issue. One could imagine a conversation where using the term might seem
awkward, but at least could be justified. Certainly a discussion about the term
itself and its use in the oppression of black Americans is a situation where,
though some might be offended, a case could be built for actually uttering the
word.

WHAT'S TROUBLING ABOUT what Michael said is not his language, but the ideas
behind the language. He doesn't seem to know or doesn't care about the gravity
of his analogy. Instead, in an effort to exaggerate his perceived mistreatment,
he is willing to appropriate the genuine and tragic mistreatment of others. In
so doing, he belittles the struggles of black Americans to overcome the legacy
of slavery and the lingering racism in America.

This is troubling. It is reminiscent of the all-too-common appropriation of the
Holocaust and things having to do with Nazi history. Too often I hear someone
describe a strict teacher or boss as a "Nazi." Does the speaker really
understand the gravity of that analogy? The horror of the Third Reich and the
unbelievable suffering that resulted from it?

If they did, and really thought it through, would they belittle that suffering
by comparing a cranky supervisor to Adolph Hitler?

I don't believe these concerns should be inflated into a code of political
correctness. People make honest mistakes and say inappropriate things because
they haven't thought them through. Education is usually a more effective
response than repudiation.

Michael doesn't get a pass on this one, however, and for two reasons.

First, he's running for governor. He should be thinking hard on this topic. How
Maine copes with its growing diversity is an important issue, and one which he
has clearly not thought about in any meaningful way.

Second, this wasn't a slip of the lip. Michael came back days later and stood by
his comparison of his treatment in the Legislature with the historical treatment
of African Americans.

Someone so clueless shouldn't be running for governor.

- John W. Porter can be reached a jporter@pressherald.com or 791-6480.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo
Michael should end his candidacy.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              169 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 8, 2004 Thursday

BUSH BELITTLES GREEN EDWARDS - PRAISES 'READY' CHENEY, SCOFFS AT YOUNGSTER

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN in Dayton, Ohio and VINCENT MORRIS in D.C.

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 532 words


President Bush yesterday swiped at new Democratic vice-presidential contender
John Edwards, curtly dismissing him as not ready for the White House - spurring
John Kerry to fire back in a furious attack on Bush.

Just a day after Edwards was tapped, a reporter noted that he is being billed as
"charming" and even "sexy" and asked Bush how he stacks up against Vice
President Dick Cheney.

Bush tartly retorted, "Dick Cheney can be president. Next?"

Campaigning in Edwards' home state of North Carolina, the president also said he
was unconcerned about the potential of Edwards to help carry states in the
South, a GOP bastion, because Kerry will turn voters there off.

"When they go to the polls to vote for president, they'll understand the senator
from Massachusetts doesn't share their values," Bush said. "I'm going to carry
the South because the people understand that they share - we share values."

A few hours later, stumping in Dayton, Ohio, Kerry ripped into the president,
painting him as "scared," so "he's just attacking everyone."

Kerry claimed Edwards, who has served just five years in the U.S. Senate after
20 years as a multimillionaire trial lawyer, "has more experience than George
Bush and better judgment than he did" - although Kerry himself had questioned
Edwards' readiness for the White House when they were primary rivals.

Then Kerry sought to turn around Bush's claim that Cheney was ready on Day 1 to
be president, sniping, "[Cheney] has been ever since, folks, and that's what
we've got to change."

Kerry charged Bush had "abused the power given to him, broke his promises, and I
believe we deserve a president and a vice president who tell the truth to the
American people."

Edwards accused Bush of practicing "tired old hateful" politics and trying to
"bully" the world.

The angry long-distance exchange got the campaign off to an intense start and
the Kerry crowd booed Cheney's name.

Kerry also seemed to take special delight in Edwards' youthful good looks,
boasting at every stop that "we've got better hair" - a playful slap at the
nearly bald Cheney.

"We've got better vision, better ideas, and we've got better hair," Kerry crowed
in Dayton and Cleveland and at a raucous rally in Clearwater, Fla. last night,
where he quipped that his wife had warned him about losing the "bald vote."

Both Kerry, 60, and Edwards, 51, have mops - Kerry famously gets his done at the
pricey Cristophe salon, also frequented by the Clintons.

The Democrats began their first day as a team with a carefully choreographed
family walk down manicured lawns on Teresa Heinz Kerry's 88-acre estate in Fox
Chapel, Pa., where the column-lined main house has two lion statues in front.

At times, the Kerry-Edwards body language looked awkward, as if the new running
mates couldn't quite get their movements in sync.

Kerry, at 6-foot-4, towers over Edwards, and his manner was that of an older man
promoting his kid brother.

There was an odd moment when Teresa Heinz Kerry remarked on Edwards' wife,
Elizabeth, being a lawyer, saying breathily, "I'm not a lawyer - I only talk
people talk. [Elizabeth] can talk lawyer talk, too." She dropped that line later
in Dayton.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BROTHERS IN ARMS: John Kerry and John Edwards, joined by Teresa Heinz
Kerry and little Emma Edwards, stroll around the Kerrys' Pittsburgh estate
yesterday.   [Luke Frazza/AFP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday

Panetta says officers can help avert suicides

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 980 words


Nation & World briefing

WASHINGTON -- In confronting a surge of suicides within the military, commanding
officers must make it understood that seeking help for the stresses of war
should be seen as a sign of strength rather than as a sign of weakness, Defense
Secretary Leon Panetta said Friday, June 22.

Panetta said the end of the war in Iraq and the beginning of a drawdown in
Afghanistan should ease some of the strain on the nation's troops, but it will
not solve the problem of military suicides. He noted that more than half of the
military members who committed suicide have no history of deployment.

"We have to make clear that we will not tolerate actions that belittle, that
haze, that ostracize any individual, particularly those who have made the
decision to seek professional help," Panetta said in a speech to mental health
professionals focused on reducing suicides by veterans and soldiers.

Coastal sea level seen rising 6 inches

The West Coast will see an ocean several inches higher in coming decades, with
most of California expected to get sea levels a half foot higher by 2030,
according a report released Friday.

The study by the National Research Council gives planners their best look yet at
how melting ice sheets and warming oceans associated with climate change will
raise sea levels along the country's Pacific coast. It is generally consistent
with earlier global projections, but takes a closer look at California, Oregon
and Washington.

Although the 6 inches expected for California by 2030 may seem minor, the report
estimated that sea levels there will be an average of 3 feet higher by 2100.

Cheney's daughter marries partner

WASHINGTON -- Mary Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, has
married her longtime partner, Heather Poe.

In a statement, Cheney and his wife, Lynne, said the couple got married in
Washington on Friday. The Cheneys said the two had been in a committed
relationship for many years and they were delighted that they could take
advantage of the "opportunity to have the relationship recognized." The District
of Columbia and six states -- Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
New York and Vermont -- have legalized gay marriage.

Mary Cheney and Poe have two children.

Ambivalence on 'Deliverance' ignored

ATLANTA -- Four decades ago, the movie "Deliverance" introduced the lush north
Georgia mountains to the world.

Though many in the region still bristle at the movie's portrayal of locals as
uneducated hillbillies, the film helped create the $20 million rafting and
outdoor sports industry along the Chattooga River, which splits Georgia and
South Carolina.

This weekend, communities along the Chattooga are celebrating the 40th
anniversary of the movie's release with the first-ever Chattooga River Festival,
even though some locals are unhappy with the idea of reminding the world of the
area's connection to the movie.

Chevy Cruze fires result in recall

DETROIT -- Engine fires are forcing General Motors to recall the Chevy Cruze, a
popular model that has helped GM win back small-car buyers.

The recall covers 475,000 vehicles made in the U.S. from September 2010 through
May 2012. It's the car's fifth recall since it arrived in showrooms nearly two
years ago, raising questions about the sedan's reliability.

The fires can break out when fluids drip onto a hot plastic shield below the
engine. The problem occurs mainly when oil is spilled and not properly cleaned
up during changes, General Motors said Friday.

The company knows of 30 fires caused by the problem, but no injuries have been
reported, spokesman Alan Adler said.

Ark. death penalty unconstitutional

LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- The Arkansas Supreme Court struck down the state's
execution law Friday, calling it unconstitutional.

In a split decision, the high court sided with 10 death row inmates who argued
that, under Arkansas' constitution, only the Legislature can set execution
policy. Legislators in 2009 voted to give that authority to the Department of
Correction.

"It is evident to this court that the Legislature has abdicated its
responsibility and passed to the executive branch, in this case the (Arkansas
Department of Correction), the unfettered discretion to determine all protocol
and procedures, most notably the chemicals to be used, for a state execution,"
Justice Jim Gunter wrote in the majority opinion.

Pakistanis choose new prime minister

ISLAMABAD -- Pakistani lawmakers elected a ruling party loyalist with a
checkered past as prime minister on Friday, restoring government to the country
after days of political turmoil.

But the election of Raja Pervaiz Ashraf was unlikely to calm the tensions
roiling the country, and many predicted he would face the same fate as his
predecessor who was ousted earlier this week.

Ashraf was the second choice to replace Yousuf Raza Gilani, who was dismissed by
the Supreme Court earlier this week for refusing to initiate a corruption
investigation against his boss, President Asif Ali Zardari.

Clinton speaks out for sustainability

RIO DE JANEIRO -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton called for
pragmatic steps to solve global environmental problems and promote sustainable
development Friday, urging leaders attending the Rio+20 summit to partner with
private-sector groups to make progress on a wide range of issues.

Clinton's address came during the final day of the development summit, the
largest meeting the United Nations has yet organized. The gathering has come
under withering criticism from activists for what they say is the unambitious
final document all nations agreed upon.

"In the 21st century, the only viable development is sustainable development."
Clinton said during a speech before delegates from 192 other nations. "The only
way to deliver lasting progress for everyone is by preserv- ing our resources
and protecting our common environment."

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PALIN COMES OUT SWINGING;
VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE BELITTLES OBAMA'S EXPERIENCE;
'JUST YOUR AVERAGE HOCKEY MOM'

BYLINE: DENNIS B. RODDY, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 844 words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, Minn.


After a week of public scrutiny that ranged from her daughter's out-of-wedlock
pregnancy to an ethics dispute in her home state, Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin
accepted her party's call to the vice presidency and introduced herself to
America last night, answering her critics and telling voters she is one of them,
"just your average hockey mom."

In a speech before a rapturous crowd that nominated Arizona Sen. John McCain for
president and her for vice-president, Ms. Palin portrayed herself as someone
whose lack of experience as a political insider, rather than disqualifying her,
confirmed her as an agent of political change.

She also seized the occasion to deliver fierce rhetorical blows on Democratic
nominee Sen. Barack Obama, alternately poking fun at his background as a
community organizer in Chicago and painting him as a defeatist on Iraq.

"I had the privilege of living most of my life in a small town," Ms. Palin told
thousands of delegates packed into the Xcel Energy Center here. She sketched a
narrative of a small town upbringing and an almost accidental climb up the
political ladder, joining the PTA "because I wanted to make my kids' public
education better," then on to city council and, later, mayor.

After a nonstop buffeting, both by press accounts of her family and political
life as well as slaps from the Obama campaign, Ms. Palin last night answered
with a few swings at Mr. Obama's resume.

"Before I became governor of the great state of Alaska, I was mayor of my
hometown," Ms. Palin said. "And since our opponents in this presidential
election seem to look down on that experience, let me explain to them what the
job involves. I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a 'community
organizer,' except that you have actual responsibilities."

The swipe at Mr. Obama's early career in Chicago brought a roar of approval from
the crowd..

She added a lacerating reference to Mr. Obama's remarks at a San Francisco
fund-raiser that some Pennsylvanians are "bitter" and "cling" to religion and
gun rights.

"We tend to prefer candidates who don't talk about us one way in Scranton and
another way in San Francisco," Ms. Palin said, again to large cheers.

She later hit even harder at Mr. Obama, saying "Victory in Iraq is finally in
sight. He wants to forfeit. ... This is a man who can give an entire speech
about the wars America is fighting, and never use the word 'victory' except when
he's talking about his own campaign."

Ms. Palin stayed largely on script during the speech, pausing at one point to
acknowledge the cheers of some women in the audience when she called herself a
hockey mom.

"I love those hockey moms," she smiled. "You know [what] they say is the
difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull? Lipstick."

Clearly undeterred by the weeklong pounding taken by Ms. Palin, Mr. McCain put
in an unscheduled appearance on the convention stage last night alongside his
running mate after her speech. She was also joined by her family and held her
infant son, Trig, who was born with Down syndrome.

"Don't you think we've made the right choice for the next vice president of the
United States?" Mr. McCain said. "What a beautiful family."

In her acceptance address, Ms. Palin bluntly sought to turn questions about her
lack of national policy experience directly against her critics and the news
media. Employing a staple of Republican rhetoric in recent years, portions of
the crowd turned to the press galleries and chanted their disapproval.

"I've learned quickly these past few days that if you're not a member in good
standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate
unqualified for that reason alone," she said. "But here's a news flash for all
those reporters and commentators: I'm not going to Washington to seek their good
opinion. I'm going to Washington to serve the people of this country."

Ms. Palin also touched on energy policy, a likely pivotal issue this year after
a summer of record energy prices and $4-a-gallon gasoline. She has played a
sometimes contentious role in her home state, where she pushed for an energy
pipeline and for increased drilling on oil leases.

Ms. Palin's 17-year-old daughter, Bristol, was in the stands, alongside Levi
Johnston, the high school sweetheart by whom she is pregnant. That unexpected
pregnancy was the first in a series of snags Ms. Palin hit this week.

After a buzz of attention surrounding Bristol, Ms. Palin revealed that she has
retained a lawyer to represent her in an ethics investigation in her home state.

Delegates insisted that those distractions would have little effect as the
campaign moved into the general election.

Pennsylvanians bounded up and down, waving faux Terrible Towels throughout the
speech. Republican National Committeeman Bob Asher called the speech "a home
run," and state Attorney General Tom Corbett called the reference to Mr. Obama's
past as a community organizer "great."

"I'm a working mother just about her age. I think it's absolutely fantastic,"
said Debbie Shuster, an alternate delegate from Hollidaysburg, Blair County.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dennis B. Roddy can be reached at 412-263-1965 or
droddy@post-gazette.com/ Post-Gazette Politics Editor James O'Toole contributed
to this report.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ron Edmonds/Associated Press photos: (For three photos)
Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska speaks at the
party convention last night.
\ PHOTO: Charlie Neibergall/Associated Press: Republican presidential candidate
Sen. John McCain, right, and Gov. Sarah Palin, left, his vice presidential
running mate, work the crowd at the end of her speech last night. Members of Ms.
Palin's family stand with them.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              172 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

MICHAELS BELITTLES BROWNS JINX

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI

SECTION: Section D; Page 28, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 988 words


The Jets face another team they have yet to beat, the Cleveland Browns,
Saturday, and Coach Walt Michaels is taking a positive approach.

''I'm going to stress it starting today,'' he said yesterday after the Jets'
loss to the Seahawks in Seattle Sunday. ''There's no such thing as a jinx in
this game or that a team's got our number.''

In this short work-week before the Jets travel to Cleveland, Michaels admits he
is worried whether his leading runner, Freeman McNeil, can maneuver on his
injured foot; whether his leading receiver, Wesley Walker, can run, and whether
his leading tackler, Lance Mehl, is recovered from a neck injury and concussion.
The Jets also have to find the pass rush again.

Walker watched the Seattle game from his hospital bed in New York and saw McNeil
and Mehl knocked out of the game with injuries. All were given a 50-50 chance
yesterday to play this week by Bob Reese, the trainer.

Despite his worries about the injured, it was obviously important for Michaels
to bring the jinx talk in the open to his players. He knows that for a second
straight week they will be subjected to it.  But they will not be subject to a
sprintout Seattle quarterback.

From First to Third

Sunday's defeat knocked the Jets out of first place in the American Conference
East and into third, behind Miami and Buffalo. It also extended to six games the
Jets' nonwinning record against Seattle, all since 1977, when Michaels took over
as coach.

The Browns, another team that has taken the six games it has played against the
Jets - but only three against Michaels-coached teams -are the next-to-last
opponent of the regular season. But the situation isn't as bleak as Richard
Todd, for one, had imagined.

''Now we don't control our own destiny any more,'' he said after the Seattle
game, in which he overthrew his in-the-clear deep receivers three times. ''We
have to wait for Miami to get knocked off and for Buffalo to get knocked off.''

Actually, if the Jets win their last two games - the regular season ends against
Green Bay Dec. 20 - they are guaranteed at least a wild-card playoff spot,
assuming neither Buffalo nor Miami plays any ties.

A Rabbit Trick

Of all the trick plays the Seahawks have pulled on the Jets over the years,
Sunday's was the most outrageous: pulling a quarterback out of a hat.

David Krieg, a 23-year-old second-year man from Milton College in Wisconsin, ran
the Jet defense ragged. He was sacked only once by pro football's leading
quarterback-chasers. The last time the Jets produced only one sack was on Oct.
25 - against Seattle. The quarterback then was Jim Zorn, who is out for the
season with a broken ankle.

Howard Mudd, a former 49er all-pro guard, now coaches the Seahawks' quarterback
protectors, the offensive line. He said there were times the Jet defense acted
surprised.

''The Jets are probably the best front four we've played against from a
pass-rushing standpoint,'' said Mudd. ''But maybe they weren't quite sure when
we were going to run or pass. The last time we played them we ran the ball 50
times. We surprised them that Dave Krieg was so disciplined.''

Perhaps the Jets did not expect 26 Krieg passes. But even when the pass was
expected, he eluded them.  ''We kept our running backs in to help out with the
blocking,'' Mudd said. ''We used the tight end twice to block Mark Gastineau.
The kinds of patterns we threw were time patterns, and Krieg got them off fairly
quickly.''

Krieg got them off so quickly that no one Jet got a clean shot at him. The lone
sack was shared by Gastineau and Kenny Neil.

A Lack of Intensity

Gastineau, though, had virtually been pushed into Krieg. He got up, ready to
pump the air with his well-known ''I-sacked-thequarterback'' gyrations. But he
gave only a half-hearted wave and then apparently thought better of it.

''They didn't do anything different,'' said Gastineau, the defensive left end.
''It was just us. You want to give 100 percent but your body's not doing it and
everybody's lackadaisical. I felt we let down the whole organization.''

Joe Klecko, the right defensive end, said: ''There was a big lack of intensity.
I think that was the biggest problem of all. We weren't ready to play
football.''

The Jets' problems with Krieg were similar to the problems they have had when
Zorn led the Seahawks. The mobile quarterbacks give the receivers time to get
downfield. And this pits them against the Jets' vulnerable secondary.

This time, with Jesse Johnson -normally a safety - in because of the Jets' many
injuries, Krieg was able to connect with Steve Largent for the game-winner, a
57-yard touchdown.

A New Problem

There is a different matchup Saturday, when the more traditional Brian Sipe
leads the Browns. By then, one of the Jets'more experienced cornerbacks, Donald
Dykes, could be ready. Another veteran cornerback, Johnny Lynn, was put into
traction yesterday for a sprained neck.

Dykes was named as a likely starter by Reese, along with the regular right
defensive tackle, Marty Lyons, who had missed several games with a hamstring
pull.

Other injured Jets - all listed as questionable - include Ron Crosby, a
linebacker, and Ben Rudolph, Lyons's backup, with knee injuries, and Kevin Long,
a running back, who has a sore arch.

Chuck Ramsey, the punter, also is 50-50 after injuring his left thigh running
after the overthrown center snap that led to the first Seattle score.

The Jets' backup punter? Theoretically, it is Todd, who has one punt in the
pros. It happened in the 1976 exhibition season and it went straight up,
covering 4 yards.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              173 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 22, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Would-Be Rivals in GOP Belittle Bush's Claim to Conservatism

Terry M. Neal; Thomas B. Edsall, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1064 words


Three underdogs in the developing battle for the Republican presidential
nomination sought yesterday to undermine the conservative credentials of Texas
Gov. George W. Bush.

The anti-Bush assault so early is testimony to the fact that even though the
Texas governor has not formally announced, he is the clear front-runner. Winning
over the party's conservative base will be crucial for success in next year's
primary battle, and the three potential candidates chose the annual meeting of
the Conservative Political Action Conference to make their case.

In the harshest attack, former Tennessee governor Lamar Alexander accused Bush
of using "weasel words" in his call for a "compassionate conservatism."
Alexander said such phrases "are words cleverly and deliberately put together to
confuse people by meaning nothing." The "weasel words" description was coined by
Theodore Roosevelt, who, according to Alexander, compared such use of language
to weasels that "like to sneak into henhouses, latch onto eggs and suck the
yolks, leaving empty shells for farmers."

Alexander was followed in his assault on Bush by publisher Malcolm S. "Steve"
Forbes and conservative activist Gary Bauer. Former vice president Dan Quayle,
who already has criticized Bush for his "compassionate conservatism," will
address CPAC this morning. The three-day event, held at a hotel in Northern
Virginia, began yesterday.

Forbes said in his speech that "it is no great mystery why the majority of
voters abandoned the Republican Party. . . . He [President Clinton] is a
walking, talking monument to the failures of the Republican establishment. Twice
the Republican establishment has faced Bill Clinton, twice they have abandoned
conservative ideas, twice they have lost. And if we allow ourselves to be
seduced by the siren song of these mushy moderates, make no mistake: They will
take us down to defeat once again."

Forbes noted that of the 2000 election prospects, "a few of the names sound
familiar" -- a clear effort to link Bush to his father's 1992 loss to Clinton,
and to tie Elizabeth Hanford Dole to her husband's failure to win as the 1996
GOP nominee.

Bauer, who filled the CPAC meeting with cheering supporters wearing "Bauer
Power" T-shirts, said it now looks likely that the GOP field will include "a
Bush Republican" and "a Dole Republican," both signaling the moderate politics
unpopular in conservative circles. Bauer said he intends to make sure the choice
includes "a Reagan Republican," presumably himself.

Bauer later told reporters: "In all due respect to the governor of Texas,
compassionate conservatism is redundant. I mean, conservatives are the ones who
want to give choice to low-income parents. We're the ones that stayed in that
conflict with the Soviet Union until we brought the Soviet Union down and helped
liberate people."

Karen Hughes, Bush's communications director, questioned the criticism: "It's
perplexing that fellow Republicans would attack a popular, conservative governor
from a very conservative state whose overwhelming reelection proved
conservatives can erase the gender gap and attract record numbers of minority
voters while remaining true to conservative principles."

Forbes and Bauer suggested their party's agenda would be defined during the
fight for the nomination. Congressional leaders this year have outlined a modest
agenda that promises to deliver on core conservative issues, such as taxes and
military defense, and many party activists at the CPAC gathering said they would
be happy if their leaders accomplished a few important policy items.

In a Senate news conference and the Republican response to Clinton's State of
the Union address on Tuesday, party leaders promised to seek tax cuts, reform
Social Security and strengthen defense.

Many of the hundreds of activists said the congressional agenda, while more
modest than in recent years, was realistic considering the GOP's narrow majority
in the House. Since Republicans took control of Congress in the 1994 elections,
conservatives here said, party leaders have often over-promised and
under-delivered, leaving a dejected and often angry electorate of core voters.

On some issues, such as taxes, the difference this year is in the scope of the
agenda. Instead of promising to scrap the Internal Revenue Service, GOP leaders
promised a 10 percent tax cut. Other issues that Republican congressional
leaders have advocated in recent days have some level of bipartisan appeal. For
instance, the White House this week pledged $ 6.6 billion for a national missile
defense system, a program conservatives have long demanded.

"You had folks like Newt Gingrich who thought they won the revolution [in 1994]
and could accomplish everything in a couple days," said American Conservative
Union Chairman David Keene. "The American people don't demand of their political
leadership that they accomplish everything by Wednesday morning, but they do
expect them to go to work every day to get some things done."

Such comments, common yesterday at the CPAC meeting, were in marked contrast to
conservative gatherings in recent years, where activists have excoriated the
Republican Congress for abandoning the party's core principles and allowing
Clinton to capture the high ground in numerous policy debates.

At least one conservative leader, Christian Coalition executive director Randy
Tate, plans to take issue with the Republican congressional agenda. In a speech
before the group this afternoon, Tate said, he will accuse the party of ignoring
social conservatives.

In a draft of the speech, Tate praises Republicans for proposing to cut taxes
and reform Social Security, but complains that "their agenda is tragically
devoid of any attempt to appeal and reach out to their most vital constituency
-- religious conservatives."

Congressional leaders in recent public pronouncements have ignored issues such
as a ban on late-term abortions, parental consent for abortions and school
choice. "I do believe it's come up short," Tate said in an interview yesterday.
"To complete the agenda they need to come up with a stronger pro-family agenda."
Lamar Alexander accused Gov. George W. Bush of using "weasel words." Malcolm S.
"Steve" Forbes said the GOP must resist "mushy moderates." "Compassionate
conservatism is redundant," said Gary Bauer.


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,AP/KAMENKO PAJIC; PHM

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              174 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 26, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

Through It All, Why I New York
Forget the Fiscal Woes, There's No Place Like It

Michael Specter

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE D5

LENGTH: 1174 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


People often describe New York City as a mean place, a tawdry showcase for
racial hatred and civic decline, an island of deviance, fear and decay.
Washington readers in particular seem to crave stories about random death on the
subways here. They marvel at the city's violent convulsions.

To those who don't live in New York, the fate of the city seems certain: Soon it
will die. I can't really argue that New York has never seen better days. We all
know it has. But the notion that America's largest and most important city could
-- or should -- just snap under the weight of its social burdens is ludicrous.

New York is on the brink of financial ruin. Big deal. It made it through the
last fiscal crisis. It will make it through this one too. After that, there will
be another one, probably worse. And once again New York will bob above the
waves, like one of those weighted buoys that never quite sinks.

I don't mean to belittle the problems facing the city, because they are
intractable and fundamental. And the current financial crisis can only make
things much worse. As always it will badly hurt those who can least afford it:
The frail and homeless and sick people that so few in our society care about
even in good times will suffer once again. Despite its handy symbolism and the
urgent warnings of Mayor David Dinkins, the Central Park Zoo will never close.
In the end, either the city or a bunch of rich people will find some way to keep
it open.

But hospital pharmacies probably will close. When they do many poor people who
use emergency rooms as their only doctor will get no drugs at all. Homeless
shelters in the cap-ital of the dispossessed will shut as well, and so will many
drug treatment centers. Still the city will survive and find a way, as it always
has, to move forward.

That is because New York is a special place, unlike any other in America. It is
not a "livable city" like Seattle, Orlando or San Francisco. It isn't mellow or
subtle or smooth. Chicago may have more soul, Los Angeles may finally be hipper.
But New York is electric in a way that few other places -- certainly none of
them in America -- have ever been. Walk down Broadway for 15 minutes and count
the languages you hear. Any part of the street in any part of the city. The
number will vary, but it will never be less than three or four.

My friends often question the particular value of living in a city with 3,000
Chinese restaurants, hundreds of bookstores that specialize in everything from
nautical engineering to 17th century epidemiology and "classic" comics. They
always want to know how often I go to Broadway shows (not much more than when I
lived in the District), or to trendy clubs and restaurants (rarely) or to the
ballet (never). People who see the city as the sum of its famous avenues
shouldn't live here. They probably shouldn't even visit.

But for people with a pulse, New York, despite its gargantuan failings and
common atrocities, still offers more opportunity and diversity than any place in
this country.

I can never return to Washington without some friend (or one of my bosses)
recounting the miseries of their latest foray into Manhattan. The costs are
astronomical, the garbage is everywhere, traffic is bad, people accost you on
the street. It never seems to matter that the District exceeds New York in most
of the major categories of civic unrest. Murders, drugs, AIDS, illiterate
children passing noiselessly through the schools, it all happens in the District
too and usually in greater proportions than in New York. That never seems to
sink in. The message always comes out differently: Washington, with its
problems, is manageable. But New York is a human junkyard.

Despite the glaring attention paid to any racially motivated crime here, and in
contrast to recent events in the District, there has been no real talk of
curfews in New York for years.

But in the District, and in St. Louis or Chicago or Dallas, middle-class people
have a much easier time hiding from their problems. In most of those places,
certainly in the District, there remains a subtle residential apartheid. For the
most part, blacks live where blacks live and whites live where whites live. In
some neighborhoods, like Adams-Morgan and on the Hill, there is a more genuine
integration.

If that's a luxury, New York doesn't have it. It's far too diverse, with whites
now accounting for less than half of the 7.5 million residents that the Census
Bureau says live here. Most of the people that Census didn't count -- a million
or so by some estimates -- also are minorities.

Visitors from other countries constantly ask why America seems to take so much
pleasure in beating on its most culturally and ethnically diverse metropolis. A
German art student summed it up recently, while lamenting the fact that she
would have to move home soon.

"I have never seen a single city where you can remain so anonymous or achieve so
much," she said. "Whatever way you dress, there are others who wear the same
clothes. However obnoxious your opinions, you can always find others who have
them too. It's easy to be whatever you want to be in New York. I don't mean rich
or famous. That's getting hard. I just mean you can act any way you want without
people wondering where you came from. You can find everything you want here if
you look a little while."

To many of those who habitually avoid the nation's largest cities, however,
diversity has become a dirty little code word for minority. And that means poor.
And that means drugs and crime.

But the essential cultural experience of a great city never really has much to
do with its operas, hotels or libraries. It isn't a place on the map. It is
diversity that makes a city great, and it is the sheer volume of choices and
chances here, I think, that frightens so many other Americans when they think
about this place.

There is, of course, plenty here to frighten people. The federal government has
over the last decade decided that cities no longer deserve its support. All
cities have suffered from this retreat, but because New York has more residents
than Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia combined, it has suffered more.

Unlike the last New York fiscal crisis, this one will not be solved by loan
guarantees from the state or the federal government. Neither has the money. This
time there will be no miraculous economic boom to make the problems disappear.
The city will have to scale back its vision of social services. The pressure
will drive away more of the middle-class taxpayers it needs most. Teachers will
get discouraged and move to the suburbs. So will many doctors.

The city may be changed, scarred, tormented. But it will survive. Ultimately, it
will also prosper. Because cities only die when they no longer stand for
anything. And say what you want about the achievements and depravities,
opportunities and failures of life in America today, New York stands for it all.

Michael Specter is the New York bureau chief for The Washington Post.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, THOMAS KERR FOR TWP

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              175 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 11, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

McCain Upbraids Bush On Concept of Presidency

BYLINE: By FRANK BRUNI

SECTION: Section A; Page 23; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1222 words

DATELINE: GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 10


Gov. George W. Bush and Senator John McCain sparred tensely in a Republican
debate here tonight over what kind and what size of tax cut the country could
afford, with Mr. McCain ridiculing Mr. Bush's stated fear that Washington would
gorge itself on the growing surplus if the money was not returned to taxpayers.

"You don't understand the role of the president of the United States," Mr.
McCain told Mr. Bush, turning to face him. "The president of the United States
will veto bills -- will veto bills -- that spend too much."

In a voice that seemed to chide and belittle Mr. Bush, Mr. McCain added, "That's
what being president of the United States is all about."

Mr. Bush and Mr. McCain have been feuding over taxes for days now, their
language growing increasingly intense. Mr. Bush, the Texas governor, has
proposed a $483 billion tax cut over five years that reduces tax rates for
people at all income levels; Mr. McCain, of Arizona, maintains that saving some
of that money to pay down the national debt is more important than giving
wealthy Americans relief.

Mr. McCain is scheduled to lay out his own detailed tax plan on Tuesday.

Their quarrel on the topic tonight was actually one of the few instances that
Mr. McCain, the principal challenger to Mr. Bush for the Republican presidential
nomination, sharply criticized the front-runner, but Mr. Bush's other rivals
took additional swipes at him on a variety of fronts.

Steve Forbes attacked Mr. Bush for a broken pledge, made in his 1994 campaign
for governor, not to raise sales taxes in Texas. Gary L. Bauer repeatedly
pressed Mr. Bush to defend his desire to promote freer trade with China, given
its history of human rights abuses.

And Mr. Forbes, setting his sights on Mr. Bush for a second time, challenged him
to make three pledges about what he would do if he became the Republican nominee
and, beyond that, the American president.

Mr. Forbes wanted Mr. Bush to promise that he would select a running mate who
opposed legal abortion, appoint Supreme Court justices with that same position
and keep that position intact and undiminished in the party platform.

Mr. Bush declined, but without ever using that word, in one of several answers
that sought to evade conflict or specificity.

"I'm going to pick a vice president who can be the president," Mr. Bush said.
"I'll pick judges who strictly interpret the Constitution." He added that he
would "work to keep the Republican Party pro-life."

Mr. Forbes responded: "It's a typical hedge. Where's the pledge, not a hedge?"

Mr. Bush said, "I don't know how I can be more clear."

Mr. Bush frequently tried to defuse the attacks on him with humor, getting off a
number of good jokes that drew robust laughter from the audience at Calvin
College, where the debate was held. For example, he thanked Mr. Forbes for a
question that assumed that Mr. Bush would be the nominee.

With time ticking rapidly away before the Iowa caucuses on Jan. 24 touch off a
rapid-fire series of state contests that could well yield a nominee by early
March, Mr. Bush's rivals were in part looking to inflict some last-minute
damage.

But they also seemed, at times, to be trying to lock him into conservative
positions before he proceeded to a general election contest. Mr. Bush would not
let that happen, carefully avoiding any commitment or statement that might come
back to haunt him.

Except for their squabbling over taxes, Mr. Bush and Mr. McCain demonstrated
remarkable amity toward each other. Twice Mr. Bush answered a question by
praising, and agreeing with, the response Mr. McCain had just given, including
Mr. McCain's vow never to negotiate with terrorists.

And at one point, they clasped hands and held them aloft as they agreed not to
run any negative advertisements about each other. That gesture followed Mr.
Forbes's refusal to make a similar resolve.

"If being negative is telling the truth, I will continue to tell the truth," Mr.
Forbes said. "People deserve it."

Mr. Bush replied, "I'll run positive ads. And I'm darned sure not going to do to
candidates what this man did to Bob Dole in 1996."

The pledge that Mr. Forbes mentioned, and which is highlighted in a television
commercial that he began airing last week, concerns a document from 1994 that
bears Mr. Bush's signature and promises not to raise the sales tax in Texas. The
debate opened with a discussion of that commercial.

Mr. Bush's advisers have not denied the document's authenticity, nor did Mr.
Bush. Mr. Bush indeed raised the sales tax in Texas, but he explained tonight
that the overall changes in the tax codes in Texas in his years as governor
amounted to a $3 billion cut, not an increase.

Mr. Forbes said to him, "A pledge should not be used as a trinket to win the
election.

"I think that's what makes American people cynical about politics: pledges are
made and then quickly forgotten after the election."

Mr. Bush replied, " One thing that makes the American people cynical is negative
advertising on TV.

"I am a tax-cutting person," said Mr. Bush, whose proposal for a tax cut has
become the centerpiece of his campaign in New Hampshire, which holds its primary
on Feb. 1. "I know how to get it done."

For much of the first third of the 90-minute debate, which featured all six of
the Republican candidates for their party's nomination, it was all taxes all the
time, regardless of what the question was, to the point where it became a
running joke.

There was an even sharper exchange between Mr. Bush and Mr. Bauer on the subject
of American trade with China.

Mr. Bush had said he did not support trade with Cuba because of the repressive,
Communist government of its leader, Fidel Castro. Mr. Bauer countered, saying
Chinese officials were equally repressive.

"Governor, you just made the case for withdrawing most-favored-nation status for
China," Mr. Bauer said.

Mr. Bush shot back, "I did not."

Mr. Bauer said, "Everything you just said about Cuba applies to China."

Mr. Bush, however, insisted there was a "huge difference between trading with an
entrepreneurial class, like that which is growing in China, and allowing a Fidel
Castro government to skim capital monies off the top of capital investment."

One of Mr. Bush's funniest comments, but also one of his oddest, came when he
was asked about the professional baseball player who made racist comments and
the decision by the Atlanta Braves to give him psychological counseling.

Mr. Bush said he agreed with that action. And when the questioner started to
pose a follow-up that began by citing a Harvard University professor, Mr. Bush
cut her off.

"Consider the source," he said mischievously, to copious laughter. "If she had
said a Calvin professor, I would have been listening."

Mr. Bush attended the business school at Harvard University several years after
he graduated from Yale University.

The debate, broadcast nationally on MSNBC, was the third time in just five days
that the suddenly debate-mad Republicans had shared a stage. The dense cluster
of encounters reflected the intensifying pace of the campaign for the
nomination, with the first state contest, the Iowa caucuses, just two weeks
away.

But this was the first Republican debate in Michigan, which holds its primary, a
potentially pivotal one, on Feb. 22.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 12, 2000, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

An article yesterday about the Republican presidential primary debate in Grand
Rapids, Mich., referred incorrectly to an action by Gov. George W. Bush on a
Texas sales tax. Mr. Bush proposed an increase as part of an overall plan for a
tax cut, but the sales tax proposal was not passed and Mr. Bush did not raise
the tax.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Steve Forbes, right, attacked Gov. George W. Bush yesterday for
a broken pledge in his 1994 campaign for governor not to raise Texas sales
taxes. (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              176 of 996 DOCUMENTS

          The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia) (Sydney, Australia)

                           November 30, 2004 Tuesday

Eagles belittle Giants

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 158 words


PHILADELPHIA Eagles won their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win
over the New York Giants in NFL action yesterday.

Donovan McNabb passed for one touchdown and rushed for another.

The Eagles improved to 10-1 and clinched the NFC East title with five games
still to play in the regular season.

Philadelphia have made it to the NFC championship game three years in a row only
to lose each time, the last two at home.

In other games, the Pittsburgh Steelers kept pace with the Eagles at 10-1 with a
16-7 win over the Washington Redskins.

Jeff Reed kicked three field goals and Jerome Bettis, starting again in place of
the injured Duce Staley, scored on a four-yard run to give the Steelers their
ninth consecutive victory.

In Cincinnati, Rudi Johnson rushed for 202 yards and two touchdowns as the
Bengals scored a wild 58-48 win over the Cleveland Browns.

Carolina edged Tampa Bay 21-14 and Houston stopped Tennessee 31-21.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              177 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    April 21, 2005 Thursday ST. PAUL EDITION

VIKINGS NOT KEEN ON DRAFTING A KICKER

BYLINE: DON SEEHOLZER, Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 707 words


The need is clear, and so is the solution. At some point during this weekend's
NFL draft, the Vikings will --no, must --select a kicker. Right, Scott Studwell?

"We'll see," the team's director of college scouting said. "Personally, I don't
want to. Kickers and punters are a little bit different. They kind of need to
bounce around the league for a year or two or three before they finally settle
in and gain the kind of confidence and have the kind of consistency you're
looking for.

"There are some kickers in this draft that are talented players who we would
certainly entertain taking, but at what point in the draft is there a comfort
level taking those guys? That's what it boils down to."

If the idea of drafting a kicker makes Studwell uncomfortable, imagine his
reaction to the thought of using a Day 1 pick on one. But that likely is what it
will take to land the one blue-chip kicker in this draft.

Mike Nugent, who made 24 of the 27 field goals he attempted for Ohio State last
season, including 5 of 6 of 50 yards or longer, is that good.

Projected as a second- or third-round draft choice, the Groza Award winner as
the nation's top place-kicker set 19 Buckeyes records, including 17 consecutive
field goals without a miss, and is considered pretty much a sure thing.

"I think he is," said Randy Mueller, former New Orleans general manager and
Seattle vice president of football operations. "He's already a pro kicker --
just the way he goes about his business. I think with kickers, if you could
measure the thickness of their skin, you'd have something. He has shown things
don't affect him. He's made a lot of big kicks."

Nugent made a 55-yard field goal to beat Marshall last season and was 3 for 3 in
the Buckeyes' 37-21 upset of Michigan, so he knows about kicking in the clutch.
He didn't wow scouts with his kickoffs at February's NFL scouting combine, but
that isn't expected to hurt him on draft day.

"Nugent is unbelievably accurate," ESPN draft expert Mel Kiper Jr., said. "I
have never seen a kicker who can put the ball so directly through the uprights.
You couldn't throw it through the uprights any straighter than he does. If he
doesn't make it big, I'll be shocked."

Kiper's mock draft has the Vikings taking Nugent with the 17th selection of the
second round, but Studwell, who doesn't discuss individual players, said the
team isn't about to reach for a player at that or any other position.

"He's a good kicker, and you know who I'm talking about. And we need one;
there's no question about that," Studwell said. "But we're not going to push him
up the board because we need a kicker."

Kicker has been a problem position the past three seasons for the Vikings, who
went from Doug Brien to Gary Anderson in 2002, to Aaron Elling in 2003, to
Morten Andersen last season. Elling and kickoff specialist Jose Cortez are
signed for this season, and Andersen is waiting in the wings, but the Vikings
would rather not go that route again, and there are no other free-agent kickers
of interest.

That leaves the draft, where there is a big drop-off from Nugent to the rest of
a pack led by Michigan State's Dave Rayner, who could be available in the fifth
or sixth round.

Boise State's Tyler Jones, Brigham Young's Matt Payne and Maryland's Nick Novak
are other late-round possibilities for the Vikings and Studwell, who figures to
select a kicker somewhere in this draft, even if he would rather not.

"I'm not trying to belittle the job or belittle the position, because it is
important," he said. "They can make a difference between winning a game or
having a winning season. It's a possibility. We'll just see. I wouldn't want to
pass up a damn good football player to take a kicker unless the kicker's a
higher-rated player. We'll see how it all shakes out."

Don Seeholzer covers the Vikings and the NFL. He can be reached at
dseeholzer@pioneerpress.com.

JUST FOR KICKS

The Vikings have drafted a kicker only five times in their history, none since
1978.

Year Round Player, school Seasons

1978 8 Mike Wood, Southeast Missouri 1

1977 10 Dan Beaver, Illinois 0

1975 15 Tom Goedjen, Iowa State 0

1974 8 Berl Simmons, Texas Christian 0

1961 15 Mike Mercer, Arizona State 2

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

LeGere: Trestman's future depends on Bears players

BYLINE: By Bob LeGere rlegere@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 827 words


LeGere: Trestman's future depends on Bears players

Bears players and coaches seemed subdued the day after their 21-13 victory over
the Vikings ended a three-game tailspin, and that's probably a good thing.

They would be wise not to spend much time gloating over their first victory at
home this season, the first in more than 11 months at Soldier Field.

It was quarterback Jay Cutler's first win at home in 371 days.

Not to belittle the Bears' effort, but all they did was play the way they're
supposed to play every week, something they've done only occasionally this
season.

The Bears still enter Sunday's showdown against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with 2
wins in as many months. And a loss at home to their former head coach Lovie
Smith's 2-8 squad would put them right back in the same landfill they were in
after back-to-back blowout losses to the Patriots and Packers.

A note about that. As bad as the Bears' defense looked while getting strafed for
51 points at New England and 55 points at Green Bay in back-to-back games, there
is an addendum.

On Sunday, while the Bears were limiting Minnesota to 1 touchdown, the Patriots
and Packers proved that it's not just Mel Tucker's defense that struggles to
slow down those high-octane aerial games.

The Packers hung 53 on the Philadelphia Eagles, who came in with a 7-2 record
and remain tied for first place in the NFC East, despite their 33-point loss to
Green Bay.

The Patriots rolled up 42 points in a 22-point road rout of the Indianapolis
Colts who, nevertheless, still lead the AFC South at 6-4.

Tucker's job still is presumed to be in a precarious state. The guess is it will
take several more performances like the last one to prevent a wholesale shake-up
of Marc Trestman's staff, a potential purge that could include the head coach as
well.

To save coaching jobs, players must perform every week as well or better than
they did against a Vikings team that started rookie Teddy Bridgewater at
quarterback and was without Hall of Fame running back Adrian Peterson.

"At the end of the day, we know we have to play for the men in this room,"
cornerback Tim Jennings said. "We have to continue to keep fighting out there
and playing our style of football, and then we'll be able to compete."

Playing to their potential shouldn't be something the Bears do once in awhile.

Sunday, wide receivers Alshon Jeffery (11 catches, 135 yards, 1 touchdown) and
Brandon Marshall (7 catches, 90 yards, 2 touchdowns) used their size to dominate
the Vikings' undersized cornerback, 5-foot-10 Josh Robinson.

But that's what the 6-4 Marshall and 6-3 Jeffery, who was targeted 17 times, are
supposed to do every week when they have a lopsided size advantage.

Where was that in the 27-14 home loss to Miami in Week 7? Playing against 5-10
cornerbacks Brent Grimes and Cortland Finnegan, Marshall and Jeffery combined
for just 57 receiving yards on 8 catches.

Also Sunday, defensive end Jared Allen finally looked like his old self. Playing
against his old team, Allen had a sack and 3 quarterback pressures.

But in the Bears' 6 losses, Allen had a total of half a sack. The Bears need
Allen to get to the quarterback every week, not just when he's fired up to play
against his former team.

Seven-time Pro Bowl linebacker Lance Briggs' attention seems as if it has been
elsewhere since Smith was fired as Bears coach following the 2012 season.

Briggs finally flashed a little of what's left of his Pro Bowl talent early in
the Vikings game. Maybe he will be motivated this week against his old coach to
play the way he did for nine years when Smith was his boss.

With four of the next five games at home, the Bears have a chance to stack wins
and at least get back to respectability, even if they never get back into
playoff contention.

But they haven't won three games in a row since the start of last season, the
first three games of Trestman's tenure.

Is it possible that will go down as the apex of the Trestman era?

* In general manager Phil Emery's never-ending quest to upgrade the Bears'
mediocre kick-return game, wide receiver Marc Mariani was signed Tuesday and
safety Ahmad Dixon was waived.

Mariani appeared in 32 games over two seasons with the Tennessee Titans
(2010-11). He went to the Pro Bowl after his rookie season, when he averaged
12.2 yards on 27 punt returns with 1 touchdown and 25.5 yards on a league-high
60 kickoff returns with 1 touchdown.

The 6-foot-1, 190-pound 27-year-old missed the 2012 season with a fractured
fibula and tibia in his lower left leg and sat out last season with a shoulder
injury. He was waived by the Titans in August.

The Bears are 26th in the NFL in punt returns. They have averaged 6.2 yards,
utilizing Santonio Holmes, who was waived last week, and Chris Williams. They
are 14th in kickoff-return average. But Williams habitually has made ill-advised
decisions to bring kickoffs out of the end zone and then failed to reach the
20-yard line.

* Follow Bob's Bears and NFL reports on Twitter@BobLeGere.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Chicago Bears Head Coach Marc
Trestman heads off the field after the defeating the Minnesota Vikings 21-13
Sunday. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Coach Marc Trestman heads off the
field Sunday after the Bears defeated the Vikings to snap a three-game losing
streak. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Bears coach Marc Trestman heads off
the field after the Sunday's 21-13 victory over the Minnesota Vikings at Soldier
Field snapped a three-game losing streak.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              179 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

BOTH PARTIES NEED TO READ TEA PARTY LEAVES;

BYLINE: Jim Camden<P>

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 793 words


Inland Northwest Democrats who belittle the Tea Party gatherings of last
Wednesday do so at their peril.

Inland Northwest Republicans who embrace them wholeheartedly could be in for a
few surprises.

In terms of number of venues and total participants, the demonstrations
outstripped any protests in recent history.

The Spokane event may not have been significantly larger than the city's biggest
Iraq War protest in 2003. But even if both attracted between 2,000 and 3,000
people - crowd estimates are difficult and notoriously unreliable, so there's no
sense debating which had more people - it's important to remember that
Wednesday's Tea Party in Spokane was one of about a dozen within a two-hour
drive.

There may have been another 1,000 over time in Coeur d'Alene's City Park, plus
gatherings in Colville and Colfax, Priest River and Moscow. If total numbers
count, Tea Partiers win.

So what? some Democrats have sniffed, rather derisively. When you have Fox News
and talk radio and conservative Web sites promoting  an event, of course people
will turn out. These Tea Partiers who protest taxes don't seem to understand
that taxes for the vast majority of the public will go down if President Obama
gets his way, other Democrats added.

This is a mistake Democrats often make, countering an emotional argument with a
process-based response. The fact is that a certain segment of the public was fed
up enough last Wednesday to skip lunch, leave work early or have dinner late so
they could cheer speakers, shake fists or wave signs in protest.

But the real question for Republicans is: Protest what?

The first Tea Parties earlier this year were conceived as a protest against
federal bailouts and deficit spending. They wanted to evoke one of the few
images grade-schoolers remember from their American history book, that a bunch
of colonists dressed up like Indians, jumped aboard a British ship and dumped
stuff into Boston Harbor in 1773. Liberals and progressives, proving again the
propensity to counter emotion with process, delighted in pointing out that the
colonists were rebelling against taxation without representation, while the Tea
Partiers seemed to be rebelling against the opposite: taxation with
representation.

By tea time Wednesday, the parties had become a merge point for a wide range of
grievances that protesters wanted redressed through their peaceable assembly.
Government spending was high on the list, but some were against all taxes,
others were against the income tax. A few signs suggested "tax the millionaires"
which, interestingly enough, is sort of what Obama is proposing.

The Federal Reserve came in for criticism, as did paper money, and at least one
speaker held forth on the virtues of the gold standard. Any suggestion of gun
control was met with derision, so were most mentions of bank executives,
multinational corporations, international treaties, AIG, politicians or
bureaucrats.

The Stars and Stripes were much on display, but so too were several versions of
the Gadsden Flag, with its coiled rattlesnake and "Don't Tread on Me" slogan.
And there were a few rugged individualists with the obligatory "Where is John
Galt?" signs. (Note to liberals: That's from Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged," but if
you have to ask, there's not enough space to explain it.)

More than anything else, the Tea Parties showed a wide range of dissatisfaction
with "the way things are." For out-of-power Republicans, the challenge will be
uniting as much of this disparate dissatisfaction as possible into a cohesive
voting bloc. How can they let the gold-standard bearers talk about eliminating
the Fed before Main Street business types walk? Can they navigate a course
between international trade the region's farmers need and the parts of NAFTA and
CAFTA some populists despise? Can they make a case that the deficit spending a
Democratic White House and Congress is practicing now is philosophically
different  from the deficit spending a Republican White House and Congress
executed before them?

If not, they may split the "loyal opposition" with the Libertarians, the
Constitutional Party, the Reform Party or another party that surfaces.

Toward the end of the Spokane rally, Rick Melanson, a longtime  political
observer and sometime activist, looked out over the crowd and wondered. Did it
feel like the rallies for independent candidate Ross Perot in 1992? Or like the
coalescing of conservatives around Newt Gingrich's Contract With America in
1994?

That truly is the question for Republicans. Perot split their vote in 1992, and
helped elect Bill Clinton. Gingrich solidified their vote two years later, and
gave them the U.S. House  for the first time in a generation.

&t;b&t;

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: &t;/b&t; &t;i&t;Spin Control is a weekly political column by veteran
reporter Jim Camden, who can be reached at (509) 459-5461 or jimc@spokesman.com
Spin Control is also a Web log with daily posts and videos at www.
spokesman.com/blogs/spin control.&t;/i&t;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: &t;/b&t; Column: Spin Control &t;b&t;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              180 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 28, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY (NYT)

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; FOOTBALL: CAMPUS PLAYBOOK; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 341 words



Conference Pride

  It has been fashionable in some circles to belittle Big East Conference
football. But for whatever it is worth, of the seven unbeaten teams in the
N.C.A.A.'s Division I-A, three are from the Big East (No. 4 West Virginia, No. 6
Louisville and No. 16 Rutgers, all 7-0) and four are from other leagues (No. 1
Ohio State, No. 2 Michigan and No. 15 Boise State at 8-0 and No. 3 Southern
California at 6-0).

West Virginia and Louisville are idle today before their showdown Thursday at
Louisville. The other unbeatens are solid favorites: Ohio State over Minnesota,
Michigan over Northwestern and U.S.C. over Oregon State, all today; Rutgers over
Connecticut tomorrow; and Boise State over Fresno State on Wednesday.

An Upset for the Ages

  It shaped up as a mismatch: Harvard, a seven-time national champion and
unbeaten in 25 games, against Centre College of Danville, Ky., which had 254,
264 or 270 students (reports differ) and only 16 on the football team.

Instead, 85 years ago tomorrow, Centre defeated Harvard, 6-0, in what many
people have called the biggest upset ever.

The 40,000 or more at Harvard Stadium were stunned when Bo McMillin, the Centre
quarterback and later a college and pro coach, ran 32 yards for a touchdown.
Soon, the stories started flowing:

McMillin put himself through college by winning dice games and betting on his
team to win.

McMillan did not pass a course in his senior year.

The team, known as the Praying Colonels, knelt and prayed in the locker room
before every game.

The coach, Uncle Charlie Moran, had no assistants or help. After practice, he
would repair helmets, jerseys and injured legs.

After the game, delirious Centre students painted the score on everything in
sight, including a cow. Even today, outside the Centre post office, there is a
brick that tells it all:

''C6-H0.''

In Good Company

  Last weekend, Brady Quinn of Notre Dame surpassed 10,000 yards passing in his
career. Here is how he compares with other notable N.C.A.A. Division I
quarterbacks:   FRANK LITSKY (NYT)


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Brian Brohm will lead No. 6 Louisville against No. 4 West
Virginia on Thursday. (Photo by Andy Lyons/Getty Images)
 (Photo by Centre College)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              181 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 4, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

What's That? Baseball's Back?

BYLINE: Norman Chad

SECTION: Sports; D02 , COUCH SLOUCH Norman Chad

LENGTH: 806 words


I hadn't paid much attention to baseball lately -- what with the scintillating
presidential campaign, the scintillating fall television season and Britney
Spears's scintillating, latest marriage -- so imagine my surprise when I woke up
the other afternoon to the latest developments:

*  The Atlanta Braves win their 13th consecutive division title.

*  The New York Yankees earn their seventh straight division title (and 10th
straight trip to the postseason).

*  And baseball is back in Washington, D.C.!

I'd like to defend the Braves against the sports-radio mobs that belittle them
for only winning one World Series during their remarkable run, but I can't.

For, frankly, I've never been in a Chipper Jones mood. Plus, listening to Skip
Caray broadcast a Braves game is like listening to an air traffic controller
announce flight patterns. And I would rather watch Paris Hilton and Nicole
Richie milk a cow than watch Braves fans do the Tomahawk Chop.

Alas, the Braves long have considered themselves "America's Team." America's
Team? Uh, didn't the South lose the war? Does the rest of America like eating
ham hocks and fried okra? If the Braves are America's Team, then I'm on the next
slow boat, with slots, to China.

But even if you are safely north of the Mason-Dixon Line, who can root for the
Yankees? They don't have a payroll, they have a GNP. The Yankees are an
embarrassment of nouveau riches. Last season, three Yankees hit at least 30
homers -- Jason Giambi, Alfonso Soriano and Jorge Posada. This season three
other Yankees hit at least 30 homers -- Alex Rodriguez, Gary Sheffield and
Hideki Matsui.

The Yankees have a striking advantage: George Steinbrenner's got the deepest
pockets and a lot of other baseball owners aren't even wearing pants!

(NFL update: Many readers have e-mailed to remind me that my Team of Destiny,
the Arizona Cardinals, stink. I am undaunted. After all, I wrote these exact
words last month: "The Cardinals might start 0-3, but they'll eventually turn
Sun Devil Stadium into the House of Sunburn and [finish] 9-6-1." Did they not
start 0-3, eternal doubters? I even know which game they will tie -- against the
Jets, Nov. 28. Gosh, I'm good.)

(College update: Against a swarming and savvy Tulsa defense, Heisman
front-runner Timmy Chang completed 22 of 43 passes for 378 yards Saturday in
Hawaii's 44-16 victory. He hasn't thrown an interception this season in 159 pass
attempts. Chang's so accurate, he makes Doppler Radar look like Al Roker.)

Which brings us to the return, again, of Major League Baseball to the nation's
capital.

Sadly, my home town -- that's right, I grew up in the shadows of the Federal
Trade Commission (we didn't play "kick the can," we played "overlook the
anti-trust violation") -- is once and forever out of whack priority-wise.

Our schools are a mess, but that's okay, Joe Gibbs is back with the Redskins!

The water's full of lead, but so what, Major League Baseball's back in town!

We have no voting representation in Congress, but, hey, Marion Barry's back on
the D.C. Council!

Sure, I'm happy D.C. is back on the diamond and I don't want to rain on its 2005
Opening Day, but the city's been without baseball for only 30-odd years and
without voting rights for 200-odd years, and this is where all the time, effort
and tax dollars go -- to securing a franchise and building a stadium? I guess I
missed that day in civics class.

Then again, I once was a proud member of the Young Senators club. And what a
fine time to revive that age-old axiom: "Washington -- first in war, first in
peace and last in the National League." I just hope we have better middle relief
this time around.

Q. My wife wants to bet me over who is correct on their memory of a certain fact
that can be verified. If I am correct, she must watch an entire televised
baseball game with me, but if she is correct, I have to attend an opera with
her. I feel that the risk/reward ratio is far too great to consider taking the
bet. Do you agree? (Ron DePetris; Houston)

A. Televised baseball vs. live opera? The risk is far too great for either one
of you.

Q. I'm contemplating a career change into the world of sports-television
criticism, but I have a useful degree from a fairly prestigious university. Is
there hope for me? (Jeff Birdsell; San Diego)

A. Go to 7-Eleven, buy a bag of pork rinds and see how they taste while watching
"I, Max." Then get back to me.

Q. In a recent poll, 31 percent of Sports Illustrated readers said they've had
sex while watching a sporting event. Is Couch Slouch in that group? (Michael
Stans; Rockville)

A. Well, it depends on how you define sex and if you consider "Wheel of Fortune"
a sport.

You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. E-mail
asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              182 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                             April 13, 2008 Sunday

Obama 'belittles small-town America' Democratic front-runner forced on to the
back foot over tape-recorded gaffe

BYLINE: TIM SHIPMAN in Washington

SECTION: NEWS; International; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 728 words


BARACK OBAMA'S presidential campaign has been knocked off balance after the
Democratic Party's frontrunner for the White House was caught on tape apparently
belittling the fears of small-town Americans who have lost their jobs.

The senator from Illinois was forced into a frantic damage-limitation exercise
after a recording emerged in which he appeared to dismiss impoverished
blue-collar workers as bitter individuals who had turned to God, guns and
immigrant-bashing to make themselves feel better.

His rivals and political comment-

ators seized on the comments, pronouncing them a watershed moment that raises
questions about whether he understands many of the people he hopes to lead - for
whom religion and the right to bear arms are positive and wholesome aspects of
their lives, not a crutch fashioned from bitterness.

In comments that may seriously damage his chances of winning the forthcoming
Pennsylvania primary election, Mr Obama told fundraisers: "You go into these
small towns in Pennsylvania and, like a lot of small towns in the Midwest, the
jobs have been gone now for 25 years and nothing's replaced them.

"It's not surprising then they get bitter. They cling to guns, or religion, or
antipathy to people who aren't like them, or anti-immigrant sentiment or
anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.''

Mr Obama has recently narrowed Hillary Clinton's lead to between four and seven
points, after pouring record sums of money into television advertising in the
state. In the past three weeks, he has spent about $6 million ( pounds 3.2
million), three times his rival. A voter in the city and suburbs of Philadelphia
- the key to the election - can expect to see each an Obama advertisement more
than 20 times.

A media-monitoring group said last week that he had now screened 100,000
commercials nationwide this year - five times the number John Kerry aired as he
won the 2004 nomination.

But he has struggled to win over blue-collar workers, hit hardest by the
economic downturn. The forum in which he made the comments - an up-market
fundraiser with wealthy Californians last weekend - appeared to reinforce claims
by his opponents that Mr Obama is an arrogant elitist, with little feeling for
ordinary voters.

Michael Goodwin, a columnist for the New York Daily News, accused Mr Obama of
"de-legitimising the way people choose to live in America'' and argued that the
furore would be even more damaging for Mr Obama than the previous row over
inflammatory comments by his pastor

Jeremiah Wright. "This is like Wright on steroids,'' he said.

"It is a disaster for Obama. I come from one of those small towns in
Pennsylvania... It's not about just hating other people. They don't embrace
religion out of hate. They don't hunt or use their guns for target practice out
of hate. You cannot denigrate religion in that way.''

Robert Zimmerman, a Democrat strategist, said: "This raises questions about
whether he can truly unite the country, as he pledges to.'' Grover Norquist, the
conservative anti-tax campaigner, was jubilant. He said: "That sentence will
lose him the election. He just announced to rural America: 'I don't like you.'
''

Mrs Clinton told voters in Pennsylvania that she does not consider them to be
bitter. "I meet people who are resilient, who are optimistic, who are positive,
who are rolling up their sleeves,'' she said. "Pennsylvania doesn't need a
president who looks down on them. They need a president who stands up for
them.''

Steve Schmidt, a senior aide to the Republican candidate, John McCain, said: "It
shows an elitism and condescension toward hard-working Americans that is nothing
short of breathtaking.''

Mr Obama, campaigning in Indiana, refused to apologise. He insisted he was not
out of touch and attempted to recast his words in a more sympathetic light.
"When I go around and I talk to people, there is frustration and there is anger
and there is bitterness,'' he told a rally in Terre Haute. "They're frustrated,
and for good reason. They've seen their economies collapse. They have lost their
jobs. They have lost their pensions.''

He claimed Mrs Clinton and Mr McCain were themselves out of touch, accusing the
former first lady of being beholden to lobbyists in the financial services
industry and the Republican nominee of waiting too long to come up with a plan
to tackle the sub-prime mortgage crisis.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 15, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE BELITTLES REPORTS OF PLOT

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, July 14


A Federal judge today dismissed as ''a bunch of talk'' allegations that a
defendant in a drug case he was handling intended to have him killed.

''It's simply that people make these kinds of sounds all the time,'' the judge,
Herbert J. Stern of District Court here, said in court today.

On Wednesday, a Federal Bureau of Investigation informant testified at a bail
hearing for the defendant in the drug case, John M.  Salconi, that Mr. Salconi
had said he wanted Judge Stern killed.

Mr. Salconi has been awaiting trial on Federal drug charges at the Metropolitan
Correctional Center in Manhattan. The informant, James M. Perry, met Mr. Salconi
at the correctional center. According to Mr. Perry, Mr. Salconi feared that the
judge would sentence him to a long prison term.

The judge ruled that the $1 million bail he had earlier set for Mr. Salconi
remain revoked and ordered the 43-year-old Baltimore man to be held at the
correctional center.

Bail for Mr. Salconi and eight other suspects was revoked on Tuesday. Today's
hearing was held on a motion by the United States Attorney for New Jersey, W.
Hunt Dumont, to insure that Mr.  Salconi's bail would not be reinstated. Judge
Stern, however, did reinstate bail for the other suspects.

Federal marshals began guarding Judge Stern and his family around the clock
Tuesday, but Mr. Dumont said he expected the protection to end today.

Mr. Salconi and the other suspects were indicted April 22 on charges that they
were involved in smuggling eight tons of marijuana into New Jersey in June 1982.
They are scheduled to stand trial before Judge Stern in September.

Mr. Salconi, during more than an hour on the witness stand today, denied making
threats against Judge Stern's life or plotting to have him killed.

In revoking Mr. Salconi's bail, Judge Stern said he found substantial evidence
of Mr. Salconi's guilt in the drug case and called him ''untruthful.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              184 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Take Life, but Not My House

BYLINE: Richard Cohen

SECTION: Editorial; A19

LENGTH: 728 words


The city of New London, Conn., narrowly (5 to 4) won the right last month from
the Supreme Court to condemn a parcel of land in a distressed part of the town
to make way for economic development. The ruling has generated a tsunami of
objection and an effort in many states and localities to have its effects undone
--  including, for spite, a quixotic attempt to condemn Justice David H.
Souter's New Hampshire farmhouse and turn it into a hotel. Thank you. I'd prefer
the Bates Motel.

At the same time, in a far different area of the law, authorities are wondering
if two men long ago convicted of murder might be innocent. This has generated
almost no interest, no nationwide protest movement, suggesting that in this
country it is far easier for the government to wrongfully take a life than a
parcel of run-down real estate. Is this a great country or what?

I do not mean to belittle property rights, since I am a homeowner myself. I
merely want to point out that the most awesome and, historically, most worrisome
power of government is not to take property but to take life. In Europe in the
past century, this was done on such a vast scale that today no European country
retains the death penalty. Government, it has been shown, cannot be trusted with
it.

The American experience has been different and so the death penalty not only
persists, but in Texas and some other states it downright flourishes. Still,
pesky facts have cast a shadow over this sunny institution. Since 1973, 119
people have walked off death row, exonerated by DNA or evidence, according to
the Death Penalty Information Center. Had the wheels of justice turned as
swiftly as the hang 'em high crowd would have liked, some of those people would
exist in memory only and we would console ourselves that they were probably
guilty of something  --  or why else would the cops have been on to them. The
logic is fiercely circular.

Now, though, we have two such cases and they are worth pondering for a number of
reasons. The first involves Olmado Hidalgo, a New York City man who was
convicted 13 years ago of murder  --  on what the district attorney's office now
concedes was weak evidence. The authorities are not saying that Hidalgo is
innocent. But to their credit, they are now saying that some new evidence has
surfaced that gives everyone pause. Lucky for Hidalgo that he was not convicted
in another state where justice is swifter  --  if somewhat less certain.

The other case involves the late Larry Griffin, who was executed by Missouri in
1995 for a drive-by shooting. The main witness against him, now dead, turns out
to have had a pliable memory and an ugly résumé. He was a career criminal and
drug addict who happened to be facing serious felony charges at the time. After
he usefully turned witness to the murder, he got to walk. Lucky man.

Griffin may turn out to be the Holy Grail of the anti-death-penalty movement.
For some time the search has been on for the person who was wrongly executed.
Scholars have examined court records and isolated likely cases, but none of them
provide irrefutable proof. Griffin is not likely to provide that either. But the
"scholar" in his case is the St. Louis prosecuting attorney, Jennifer Joyce. At
the urging of the NAACP, she has reopened the case. Strictly speaking, Griffin
will never be proved innocent. He might, though, be shown to be not guilty.
That, after all, is our standard.

Both the Griffin and Hidalgo cases are important for what they lack  --  DNA
evidence. In this, they are typical. The victims were both shot at a distance:
no DNA evidence. This is often the case. In the average crime, there is no
exchange of body fluids (as in rape) and no tissue under the victim's
fingernails or anything like that. DNA testing has done wonders  --  both in
getting convictions and in exonerating the innocent. But it cannot be used where
it is not a factor. For that reason, capital punishment remains fraught with the
possibility of injustice.

A part of me cannot comprehend why conservatives or, especially, libertarians,
cannot appreciate how "liberal" capital punishment is: government to the max.
They ought to think of it as the possibly wrongful condemnation of a person  --
the ultimate in eminent domain. Poor Hidalgo. Poor Griffin. If they were
buildings, more people would care.

cohenr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              185 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 2, 2010 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mississippi Gulf Coast surges back;
The sandy stretch from Biloxi to Gulfport rebounds from Katrina

BYLINE: Kitty Bean Yancey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 1074 words


ON THE MISSISSIPPI GULF COAST -- People tend to come as they are and not put on
airs in the Mississippi region that's part of what some call "The Redneck
Riviera."

Pickups line parking lots abutting the 10-plus miles of sand along Beach
Boulevard between Gulfport and Biloxi. There's a Waffle House dispensing $5
meals of Southern favorites every few miles. Flip-flops and baseball caps are
common in the casinos. And servers delivering plates loaded with fried seafood
call customers of both genders "baby" or "darlin'."

This unpretentious destination took a licking from Hurricane Katrina in August
2005. Though it hasn't fully recovered, it's still ticking -- and battling to
win visitors with rebuilt casino hotels and restaurants that tickle a wider
variety of palates.

Katrina's devastation is still evident -- especially along the gulf, where many
antebellum homes, attractions and businesses were flattened by wind and more
than 20 feet of water and never rebuilt. "For sale" signs line sandy lots. The
lack of trees and the still-damaged buildings are saddening.

Not to belittle New Orleans, which received the lion's share of Katrina media
coverage, but "we're the ones who got hit really hard" by the hurricane, says
former Gulfport mayor Bob Short, showing this visitor the peacocks that parade
the grounds of Magnolia Plantation Hotel. Inside the pillared mansion, his wife
is attending her 40th high school reunion.

"The day after (Katrina), I went downtown in Gulfport and didn't know where I
was," Short says. "There's a lot built back, but there's a lot that will never
be built back" because owners decided not to, or because of the recession or the
prohibitive cost of insurance.

Before Katrina, all casinos were on barges connected to the shore, because state
law wouldn't allow them on land, says Janice Jones of the Mississippi Gulf Coast
Convention and Visitors Bureau.  Now, most of the nine Biloxi and Gulfport
casinos (two fewer than before Katrina, Jones says) are on land -- a change made
to keep the local economy from folding.

As elsewhere, hotel occupancy is down from its heyday, but the numbers "are
getting better and better" every month this year vs. last, Jones says.

The Beau Rivage Resort & Casino in Biloxi, considered the area's ritziest and
owned by Vegas-based MGM Mirage, has maintained occupancy of 90% or more since
Katrina with aggressive marketing, says spokeswoman Mary Cracchiolo-Spain. "The
Beau" boasts a latte bar, topiary gardens, golf and a shopping arcade with
high-end baubles (such as David Yurman jewelry) alongside a store where
everything is $10.

The 740 rooms and suites in the $550 million  renovation have marble baths and
flat-screen TVs. Gaming isn't cheap: On a recent Thursday night, $5 blackjack
wasn't to be found. It cost $10 and up a hand to play at packed tables. But the
penny slot machines were active.

Next door, the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, which had been scheduled to open a week
after Katrina hit, has emerged as the hip gaming house. Its blond-wood floors,
modern furnishings and displays of Elton John and Madonna costumes and guitars
used by famous musicians draw gawkers who line up for cones at the Ben & Jerry's
by the check-in desk. Rates at The Beau and Hard Rock can run $200-plus on
weekends.

Confederate history and BBQ

The budget-minded can stay at an array of low-end franchise lodging and use
coupons offered on the visitors bureau website (gulfcoast.org) for tours, meals
-- even admission to Beauvoir, where Jefferson Davis, the president of the
Confederacy, lived.

On a sunny March day, the 158-year-old Greek Revival white-frame house, elevated
10 feet off the ground and surrounded by live oaks, is far less crowded than any
slot machine area at a local casino.

Beauvoir acting director Rick Forte explains that items were washed away by the
Katrina storm surge, but most were recovered. Beauvoir reopened in June 2008,
though a revamped, larger and sturdier presidential library still is being
constructed and is due in 2011.

The Beauvoir gift shop, currently housed in a trailer, sells Confederate flag
T-shirts that read "If this shirt offends you, you need a history lesson."

Just as Southern, but less controversial, is The Shed. It began as a simple
Ocean Springs barbecue joint constructed of odds and ends that a former Ole Miss
student collected in years of picking over discarded items. He and his sister
mastered the art of slow smoking and saucing. Now The Shed is a local
institution that has spawned a half-dozen outlets, including one in Gulfport.

Even on weeknights, the original is jammed with locals and tourists lining up
for fall-off-the-bone-tender meat doused in a sweet, tangy sauce, $8.99 for
chicken with two sides; $11.99 for a rib plate. (If the side dishes are less
standout, nobody seems to care.) Beer sales spurt when bands take the outdoor
stage on weekends.

Lots of beach, plenty of deals

While lodging at the nicer casinos isn't usually cheap, midweek deals are a good
bet. The Beau Rivage is flying guests in from and back to Atlanta for as little
as $272.72 for two people for two midweek nights through June 30, including air
tickets. The area is "more relaxing" than Vegas, says Carolyn Leach, 64, down
from Lawrenceville, Ga., on one of those trips.

She's with daughter Kathy Pence, 45, of Somerset, Ky. "I can't swim a lick,"
Pence says. "But I love to walk on the beach."

The man-made stretch of sand serving Gulfport and Biloxi is 26 miles long, the
tourist bureau says. But the water is more Mississippi River brown than
Caribbean blue. (For better strands, ferry or boat to the barrier islands or
drive to nearby Gulf Shores, Ala., locals advise.)

There are splashy deals to write home about, however. Friday nights, ladies
drink free from 5 to 8 p.m. at Emeril's Gulf Coast Fish House in Gulfport's
Island View Casino Resort. That's Emeril as in Lagasse, the New Orleans chef.
And they needn't order a thing, though the $12 trio of mini sliders -- crabcake,
smoked shrimp and fried catfish -- is tempting.

Women flock to Emeril's terrace overlooking the Gulf at sunset, sipping all the
complimentary wine or cocktails they can handle and chatting about husbands and
kids while being waited on by attentive servers. Men sit under the swirling
fans, too, downing two-for-one draft beers and 50-cent Happy Hour grilled
oysters.

Then folks head for the casinos, ready to sample more pleasures in this true
Southern comfort zone.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 5, 2010



CORRECTION: A story Friday misstated the number of rooms and suites at the Beau
Rivage Resort & Casino in Biloxi, Miss. It is 1,740.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY, Source: ESRI (Map)
PHOTO, B/W, Sean Gardner for USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Sean Gardner for USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Mary Perez, The Sun Herald, via AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

SEC;
UGA overachieving in bad conference

BYLINE: Mark Bradley; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 749 words


It's wrong to belittle Georgia for holding third place in the 14-team SEC. What
were the Bulldogs supposed to do? Aim squarely at the 11th-place finish
projected for them in a preseason media poll? Tank games so they could finish in
the draft lottery?

"We've had to beat a lot of people," coach Mark Fox said Tuesday night in
Knoxville, just after his third-place team lost 67-48 to Tennessee, which
entered the game in a four-way tie for fifth. "Everyone else is on scholarship.
Everyone else is putting big money into their program."

That's true. Trouble is, only two schools in the 14-team SEC are getting bang
for this season's basketball buck. Florida might well be the nation's best team.
Kentucky, while not as good as advertised, still is a force. But beyond that
lies mediocrity, or worse.

ESPN's Joe Lunardi projects four SEC teams in his NCAA tournament field of 68,
with Missouri and Tennessee making it as bubble-licious No. 11 seeds. CBS Sports
puts the SEC seventh in conference RPI, behind the Atlantic 10 and the lessened
Big East. Not to be cruel, but 14-11 Georgia, which was 6-6 against
nonconference opposition, wouldn't hold third place in late February in any
other major league.

That's not to say the Bulldogs' SEC surge hasn't been admirable. They've beaten
Missouri, Alabama, Arkansas, LSU, Texas A&M and Ole Miss --- all picked to
finish ahead of them. They're 8-5 in league play with five games to go, and the
best any Georgia team has done in conference play over Fox's first four seasons
was the 9-7 of 2010-11, when the Bulldogs made the NCAA as a No. 10 seed. When
Fox said, "I've enjoyed this team more than any of the ones I've had here," he
has reason.

Georgia plays to its strengths, such as they are. Five of the top nine players
are 6-foot-7 or taller, and the Bulldogs rebound with fury. (The Tennessee game
marked the first time Georgia had been outrebounded in league play.) Guards
Charles Mann and Kenny Gaines are quick and strong, and their ability to drive
the lane has resulted in the Bulldogs taking more free throws in conference
games than any SEC team.

As Tennessee coach Cuonzo Martin noted of the Bulldogs: "That isn't a team
that's going to stand there and shoot 3-pointers. They get into the lane and
force action."

If you watch Georgia play, you'll see that what basketball men have said for a
while now --- that Fox is indeed a skilled X-and-O man --- remains true. The
Bulldogs run clever little inside curls and are adept at clearing lanes for Mann
and Gaines. They don't take a lot of bad shots. They just aren't very good
shooters. (They rank 10th in the SEC in scoring, 11th in field-goal percentage.)

"The kids have really bought into our way of playing, our way of functioning,"
Fox said. "And they're doing it without the best player in our league."

Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the SEC's 2012-13 player of the year. He left after
his sophomore season to enter the NBA draft and was taken with the No. 8 pick by
Detroit, making him the second-highest draftee among Bulldogs ever (after
Dominique Wilkins, No. 3 in 1982). Without Caldwell-Pope, the belief here was
that Georgia, which was only 15-17 with KCP, would go hungry. The nonconference
flailing seemed to prove the point. But when league play began, the Bulldogs
started to play a little.

In a conference where nobody except the top two stands out, cohesion and harmony
can go a long way. Said assistant coach Jonas Hayes, who was part of some
excellent Georgia teams in 2002 and 2003: "Our guys really like playing with
each other."

Fox: "We have a very healthy locker room. We have very good chemistry."

Even the schedule helped, albeit in an odd way. Georgia had to play Florida and
Kentucky once each, both of them on the road. Seeing as how the Bulldogs weren't
apt to beat either one anywhere, it was better not to have those games become
home losses. Georgia is 6-1 in SEC games at Stegeman Coliseum, the blip against
Vanderbilt coming on a night Gaines didn't play because of injury.

But now we ask: What would a third-place finish in a two-team league buy the
Bulldogs? Probably not an NCAA at-large bid. They have an RPI of 92, which
doesn't even merit bubble talk. But a solid finish could put Georgia in the NIT,
which would mark its first such appearance under Fox. And that, coming after
three losing seasons in this coach's first four and in Year 1 after
Caldwell-Pope, would be something of an achievement. An overachievement, you'd
have to say.

Tennessee 67, Georgia 48

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Georgia Tech coach Brian Gregory saw his team wilt under Duke's
pressure. Georgia guard Kenny Gaines shoots over Tennessee's Derek Reese on
Tuesday. Gaines had 13 points and an assist in the 67-48 loss. Adam Lau /
Knoxville News Sentinel /ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              187 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             August 1, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Asomugha is All-Pro off field, too

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 855 words



BETHLEHEM - One city&apos;s loss is another city&apos;s gain.

And I&apos;m not just talking about what Oakland Raiders fans lost when
free-agent cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha signed on Friday with the Eagles.

I&apos;m talking about the city of Oakland and its surrounding communities.

Don&apos;t get me wrong, because I know that many athletes walk their talk about
sharing their good fortunes and giving back to the community.

I would never belittle anything that anyone does to help his/her fellow person
because anything is great and no amount is too small, but some people have a
greater call for philanthropy. It&apos;s not just something that they do.
It&apos;s something they feel they must do.

Asomugha is one of those people.

As quick as people are to talk about him being one of the top cornerbacks in the
NFL, they are just as quick to point out what a quality human being he is and
how he has made such a strong commitment to helping others.

"I&apos;ve always said that no matter where I ended up I was going to continue
to do work in the community," Asomugha said yesterday as he was formally
introduced as the newest Eagle. "You can&apos;t play football forever.

"But I do believe that while you are playing, you have to use that platform in
some sort of way. For me it&apos;s been helping out in the community and it has
always been."

As much as Raiders fans will miss Asomugha&apos;s play on Sundays, the kids at
the East Oakland Youth Development Center likely will miss him more.

In 2003, what started as a simple visit to the center evolved into a
longstanding relationship during which Asomugha, who played collegiately at Cal
Berkeley, made weekly visits to mentor and tutor.

"What gets lost in this is how difficult it is to leave a place that you&apos;ve
been for so long," Asomugha said. "I&apos;m from Los Angeles, but I&apos;ve
spent a little less than half of my life in the Bay area.

"It&apos;s a difficult thing to do. The excitement is where I am now. I&apos;m a
Philadelphia Eagle. Let&apos;s go win a championship. But it was difficult to
leave. There are obviously people that are going to be missed."

Asomugha&apos;s NFL resume includes four straight Pro Bowl selections and four
All-Pro selections, including the last three.

But his philanthropic honors include the 2007 Home Depot Neighborhood MVP Award,
a 2008 President&apos;s Volunteer Service Award, and the 2009 Byron "Whizzer"
White NFL Man of the Year Award.

He was named to the 2009 Dream Team for Public Service by the Jefferson Awards
for Public Service.

As chairman of The Asomugha Foundation, he and his family have helped better the
lives of people on two continents - North America and Africa.

The foundation, which was formally established in 2010, has two primary programs
that actually grew out of work already started by the Asomugha family.

In 2006, he started the Asomugha College Tour for Scholars - an annual college
tour and mentoring program that has provided high-achieving students of color
with the chance to visit college campuses across the country.

Teaming up with high schools in the Bay area and Los Angeles, Asomugha has taken
students to institutions of higher learning such as Morehouse College, Georgia
Tech, Spelman College, Harvard, MIT, Brown, Georgetown, American University,
Loyola (New Orleans) University, Xavier University of Louisiana, Tulane and
Southern University.

Orphans and Widows in Need Foundation was founded by Nnamdi&apos;s mother Lilian
as a nonprofit organization in 2005, operated out of the family home in Los
Angeles.

With family origins in Nigeria, Asomugha visited the African nation throughout
his childhood.

OWIN began providing food and medicine to Nigerian widows and orphans who were
impoverished or abused.

Its goal is to position widows and orphans for economic success and independence
through education, spiritual guidance and vocational training. The foundation
hopes to eventually spread OWIN to other parts of Africa.

"There is a lot of work that the foundation does in Nigeria working with widows
and orphans," Asomugha said. "That&apos;s always going to be a big connection
for [the Asomugha family]. That is something we are always going to do."

Asomugha&apos;s work has drawn much attention, and for the past 3 years he has
participated at the Clinton Global Initiative - a program created by President
Clinton that brings college student leaders to the University of Texas to find
solutions for global issues of education, poverty and world health.

"Working with President Clinton is great," Asomugha said. "He is a guy who is so
connected. He&apos;s also a huge football fan."

Not that it took precedent over the financial and football issues, but the
Eagles&apos; commitment to community service, particularly through the Eagles
Youth Partnership, is one of the things Asomugha took notice of.

"To be quite honest, the Eagles have been one of the most active
community-driven organizations in all of football," Asomugha said. "I think
it&apos;s a great match in that area."

Send email to smallwj@phillynews.com. For recent columns, go to
www.philly.com/Smallwood.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday

Gap between divisions in Big 12 continues to grow

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 549 words


There was no mention of disparate budgets.

No reference to small markets.

Nothing to belittle the North Division.

But the questions are beginning to surface again, and rightfully so.

The gap between football divisions in the Big 12 is widening.

Through the midway portion of the conference schedule, the North stands 2-10 in
crossover games. The wins were against Texas A&M and Baylor, the two unranked
teams tied for last place in the South.

So much for the 10-8 breakthrough the North posted last season.

Credit Kansas State, at least, for prevailing in College Station. Nebraska
rallied at home against duh-Bears for this year's other triumph.

Ever the diplomat, Mack Brown took a moment from the weekly grind of preparing
top-ranked Texas for showdowns against top-10 teams to address this recent
flareup in the burning issue regarding the Big 12's competitive imbalance.

"You have to look at Missouri and Kansas, and what they've done over the last
two years and give them great credit for their improvement,'' Brown said.

With that, the UT coach praised his other counterparts in the North on their
rebuilding projects. He then added, "I don't think it's a swing (in power). It
just happens that this year the teams in the South are just phenomenal. Overall,
the South is the strongest division in college football. It's just amazing to me
that this many teams can get this good, this year. A lot of it has to do with
quarterbacks.''

So, should Chase Daniel be faulted for his failures in two key showdowns?

The Missouri senior was the early leader in Heisman Trophy projections before
the Tigers tumbled against Oklahoma State and Texas.

Now, he engineers a team tied with Kansas and Nebraska atop the North at 2-2.

Mizzou remains the top choice after already beating the Huskers. The Tigers will
be favored in each of their remaining games. Run the table and they will get to
play before a partisan crowd in Arrowhead for the Big 12 title and an
unprecedented BCS berth.

But as long as the stalemate exists, every coach in the North except Iowa
State's Gene Chizik can point to a title chase, even though some field teams
that find it difficult holding South rivals to fewer than 50 points and 500
yards.

For the two teams playing for all the sunflowers on Saturday, the message will
differ.

"Even though we haven't played very well at times," said K-State coach Ron
Prince, "we've played some very good teams and the truth of the matter is, if we
go out and get a win this week, we're right back in the middle of this thing.

"I've usually not been involved in a situation where you talk to the team about
the big picture and show them the conference standings. But we knew this would
be a vigorous schedule and we'd have some challenging games. I want them to see
the big picture. It's helped them. They can see the opportunity and now we've
got to make the most of it.''

Mark Mangino said he won't point to the standings after the outright lead Kansas
enjoyed in the North dissolved with back-to-back defeats.

"We aren't focused on that, to be honest,'' said the Jayhawks coach. "We have to
take care of business at hand this weekend and stay focused on the opponents and
not get carried away with what is out there and all that.''

Kevin Haskin can be reached at (785) 295-1159 or kevin.haskin@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Rays swept, head home

BYLINE: Jorge Ortiz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 249 words


ANAHEIM, Calif. -- While some belittle Tropicana Field as antiseptic and
ill-suited for baseball, the Tampa Bay Rays see it as the cure to what ails
them.

After a 1-5 trip in which their losing streak grew to four, they are going home
a hurting team.

The Los Angeles Angels got three-run homers from Gary Matthews Jr. and Howie
Kendrick to topple the Rays 10-5 Wednesday, completing a three-game sweep in
which the host team scored 24 runs.

Tampa Bay dropped to 25-35 away from the Trop, where they open against the
Toronto Blue Jays on Friday as part of a nine-game homestand. The third-place
Rays have won 23 of their last 30 home games and play 27 of their final 48 games
in St. Petersburg, Fla.

"We're still all right. We still have a lot of baseball left to play," left
fielder Carl Crawford said. "We're just going to do what we do best, shake this
off and hopefully have a good homestand."

The Rays took a 4-2 lead when Carlos Pena belted his second homer of the game
off rookie starter Trevor Bell in the sixth, but the Angels responded in the
bottom half when Matthews hit his third homer of the season.

With the American League East-leading New York Yankees playing at a torrid pace,
manager Joe Maddon acknowledged the Rays might have to shift their sights to the
wild card if they can't solve their road woes.

"This road thing, that's the annoying part of what we're doing. We go home and
we get ourselves well, and then we go away and get sick again. We have to figure
that part of it out."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Stephen Dunn, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 1, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Matchups Patriots vs. Panthers;
The Linemen

BYLINE:  By JUDY BATTISTA

SECTION: Section 8; Column 2; Sports Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 369 words


PATRIOTS OFFENSIVE LINE VS. PANTHERS DEFENSIVE LINE

Tampa Bay defensive tackle Warren Sapp mocked the Patriots' offensive line last
week, which drew a rebuke from Tom Brady. But even Bill Belichick calls the
Panthers' defensive line scary. There's a reason for that. Kris Jenkins, below,
is one of the game's most dominant defensive tackles and Julius Peppers (7
sacks) and Mike Rucker (12 sacks) are premier pass rushers. The defensive line
accounted for 32.5 of the Panthers' 40 sacks in 2003, the second-highest total
for a defensive front in the league, behind Miami. Charlie Weis, the Patriots'
offensive coordinator, said that there is no weak link to attack.

Why did Sapp belittle the Patriots' line? Perhaps because there is not one Pro
Bowl selection on it, because a rookie is starting at center (Dan Koppen),
because a second-year player who did not make his first career start until the
end of September starts at right tackle (Tom Ashworth) and because now that
Damien Woody is out with a knee injury, Russ Hochstein, who began the season on
the practice squad, is starting at left guard. It is an anonymous but remarkably
functional group, particularly at protecting Tom Brady for the quick, short
passes that are the lifeblood of the offense.

PANTHERS OFFENSIVE LINE VS. PATRIOTS DEFENSIVE LINE

 The Panthers had a record-setting season in pass protection and blocking for
the run. Their 2,091 yards rushing was a team single-season record and their 26
sacks allowed were five fewer than the previous team record. Against the Eagles
in the conference championship game, the offensive line didnot allow a sack for
the 10th time this season, and the Panthers ran for 155 yards, the second time
this postseason that they ran for more than 150 yards.

The beauty of the Patriots' defensive line is its flexibility. The base defense
is a 3-4, with the mammoth run stuffer Ted Washington at nose tackle and Richard
Seymour, one of the best defensive linemen in the game, at end. But sometimes
the Patriots will use only two down linemen, as they did against Indianapolis,
and you'll see linebackers Willie McGinest or Mike Vrabel in a three-point
stance. Vrabel led the team with 9.5 sacks.   JUDY BATTISTA

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (Photos by Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              191 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 1, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

A Bush Parry for 'Campaign Manager' Clinton

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY, Wis., March 31


A day after President Clinton used a fund-raising speech to belittle Gov. George
W. Bush's views, Mr. Bush said today that the president was acting like Vice
President Al Gore's campaign manager.

Mr. Bush also contended that a decision this week by a federal judge in a case
involving Kathleen Willey, who accused the president of making a sexual advance,
underscored the president's poor ethics.

The judge, Royce C. Lamberth of Federal District Court in Washington, ruled that
the president had violated a privacy law by releasing Ms. Willey's letters in an
effort to defend himself. Mr. Clinton denied the charge and said he would
appeal.

At the fund-raising event for the Democratic National Committee in New York on
Thursday, Mr. Clinton denounced Mr. Bush's opposition to abortion and
hate-crimes legislation, and echoed Mr. Gore's strategy of portraying Mr. Bush's
tax cut plan as so large that it would endanger vital programs.

Questioned today about the president's comments, Mr. Bush said he had not heard
specifically what the president had said, but then quickly fired back.

"This is about the fifth or sixth time that the president of the United States
during the course of this campaign has taken time out of his busy schedule to
serve as campaign manager for Al Gore," Mr. Bush said at a news conference this
morning at an elementary school in Green Bay, the last stop on a four-day swing
to promote his educational policies and raise campaign money.

"I am honored that he would take my campaign so seriously that he would spend
time talking about me," Mr. Bush said.

Douglas Hattaway, a spokesman for the Gore campaign, responded to Mr. Bush's
comments by asserting that it was Mr. Bush's allies who were meddling. "The
Republican Congress and the entire Republican establishment anointed Bush," Mr.
Hattaway said, "and are now working hand in glove to attack Al Gore personally
and to try to keep this campaign away from the issues."

At the news conference, Mr. Bush was asked about the ruling involving Ms.
Willey.

"This is another series of incidents that continue to undermine the credibility
of the Clinton-Gore administration," Mr. Bush said. "Bill Clinton, as I recall,
pledged the most ethical administration in history. He's fallen about 41
presidents short. America wants better. People are tired of this constant
reminder that the bar has been lowered."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "PARTICIPATION: Responding to the Census"

Shown below are the percentage of households, by county, that had mailed in
their census forms as of March 30, when the national response rate was 49%. It
has since crept up one point, to 50%. The Census Bureau is hoping for a final
participation rate of 70%.

Highest response (tie)

68% Bremer County, Iowa
68% Macomb County, Mich.

Lowest response
7% Tallahatchie County, Miss.

Map of the U.S. shows areas of response highlighted.

(Source: Census Bureau)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              192 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 16, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

Little mistakes take their toll;
Simple errors probably cost the Hornets a spot in playoffs

BYLINE: Darnell Mayberry, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; HORNETS INSIDER; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 407 words


Hornets coach Byron Scott wasn't trying to belittle any of Pat Riley's coaching
accomplishments. He simply was comparing Riley's former luxuries as coach of the
Los Angeles Lakers to his own current limitations with the Hornets.

"I tell you what, he was lucky as hell in the '80s to have us," Scott said after
the Hornets' 107-105 loss to the Denver Nuggets on Friday night. "We didn't make
those types of mistakes, I'm serious.

"I look back at those years and I'm telling you, he was lucky that he had a
bunch of guys that he could say, 'This is what we're going to do,' and we'd go
out there and do it. And when it wasn't working he'd say, 'OK, now we're going
to change,' and we did it. Simple. It ain't that simple no more, unfortunately."

Riley had Scott, Magic Johnson, Kareem Abdur-Jabbar, James Worthy, A.C. Green
and Michael Cooper.

Scott has Chris Paul, Devin Brown, Rasual Butler, David West, Jannero Pargo and
Marc Jackson.

It's that youth, inexperience and middle-of-the road talent that knocked the
Hornets out of the playoffs.

And of course those mistakes, those tiny, terrible mistakes.

With less than 1½ minutes left  in Friday's loss, Scott specifically instructed
his team to switch on all pick-and-rolls defensively. Sure enough, when Carmelo
Anthony set a screen for Allen Iverson, both Brown and Butler had a lapse in
judgment and followed Anthony. They left Iverson all alone for a jumper that
pulled the Nuggets within one point.

"Just little things that you can't afford to mess up when the game is on the
line like that," Scott said. "It's just a matter of us being focused. You got to
be focused, and you've got to stick to the game plan.

"And like I told them before, if the game plan doesn't work I'll be the first
one to admit it and the first one to change it. But sometimes we just don't give
it a chance because we don't recognize certain things that we talked about quick
enough to play it the way we talked about playing it."

Those small mistakes added up for the Hornets, leading to inconsistent play and
missed opportunities all season.

My, how those missed opportunities, at least 12 of them, cost the Hornets.

"I think about them all the time," Scott said. "The last two or three weeks, I
thought about those games. There's about five or six games I've thought about,
and that's with the injuries, that we could have won."

Instead, the Hornets again will be left without an invite to the playoff party.



LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  September 23, 1992, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

NEWS DIGEST: United States

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 2, NEWS DIGEST: United States

LENGTH: 230 words


PEROT MEETS POLITICOS

Texas billionaire Ross Perot met separately yesterday with White House Chief of
Staff James Baker and Democratic Party chief Ron Brown, aides to both men
confirmed. The meetings followed Perot's statement yesterday that he had made a
mistake in bowing out of the presidential race in July. He said his supporters
were meeting to decide whether he should declare his candidacy.

CLINTON BELITTLES BUSH

Democrat Bill Clinton belittled President George Bush yesterday for refusing to
debate and attacked Ross Perot's deficit-reduction plan just in case the Texas
tycoon decides to leap back into the campaign. Riding high in the polls, Clinton
accused the president of ducking out of a scheduled last night debate in East
Lansing, Mich., because his economic record is indefensible.

YOU'RE GETTING WARMER

Forget about 98.6 F as the normal human body temperature, experts said
yesterday, and start thinking in terms of a range from 98.9 to 99.9. Throwing
cold water on a 19th century axiom from German research that for 124 years has
placed the normal body temperature at 37 C or 98.6 F, researchers at the
Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Baltimore and the University of Maryland
School of Medicine said: ''We believe that 37 C should be abandoned as a concept
having any particular significance for the normal body temperature ..''


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              194 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 25, 2008, Friday

The mainstream media does its job, A feature story about fiddles is proof of the
point

BYLINE: Dave Peyton, Daily Mail columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 554 words


PEOPLE of all political persuasions - conservative and liberal, Democrat and
Republican - love to belittle the mainstream media.

They call them the "MSM," and hiss the letters as if they were poison. They
pronounce the MSM, of which the Daily Mail is a member, dying and practically
dead.

Members of the MSM have lost their power to inform and inspire, critics contend.
Some even suggest they have become the enemy.

Well, don't tell that to Joe Dobbs, owner of the Fret 'n Fiddle music store in
St. Albans.

Less than a month ago, he had almost 70 handmade fiddles. Today, he has fewer
than 15. And 99 percent of those sales came as a result of a story first
published in the Daily Mail, he says.

I wrote the story of the Bender fiddles because I found it fascinating and out
of the ordinary. Two West Virginia natives, Arden and Carol Bender, had
handcrafted more than 100 fiddles where they lived in Franklin County, Ohio.

Yet they never sold a single fiddle. Arden died last year and Carol decided she
didn't have room for them, so Joe was given the task of selling them.

The story was published in the Daily Mail on Dec. 26. A day later, folks started
arriving at the Fret 'n Fiddle to see the fiddles, which Dobbs said were some of
the finest instruments he'd ever played.

The first day after the story ran, Dobbs sold eight.

A few well-known West Virginia fiddlers were attracted to them, including the
legendary Franklin George, who bought one immediately for a family member. Other
fiddles that day went to trained concert violinists and plain old West Virginia
fiddlers.

Sales were brisk, Dobbs said. Then the Associated Press picked up the story and
offered it to newspapers in America and perhaps around the world.

The magic accelerated. Folks from Parkersburg and Morgantown read about the
fiddles and made trips to St. Albans to see them and buy them.

The story apparently appeared in a Charlotte, N.C., newspaper, and folks down
there made calls to Dobbs to buy the fiddles sight unseen.

A West Virginia soldier serving in Iraq contacted Joe and bought one. She had it
sent to her West Virginia home for safekeeping until she got home.

Then there's the story of the Brooklyn, N.Y., violin student who read about the
Bender fiddles and called Joe to make arrangements to have one of them sent to
her home.

A few days after the instrument arrived, she called to buy two more - one for
her and one for her violin teacher, who fell in love with her Bender fiddle.

Joe always knew he'd sell all the fiddles. He just didn't realize he'd sell them
so soon. Now he expects all of them to be gone in a week or two.

And it's all due to a story in the Daily Mail - a real newspaper, not a blog and
not a flimflam Internet site.

The purpose of a real newspaper hasn't changed. Its job is to inform and
sometimes to inspire.

A good story is a good story, and that will never change. There's no better way
to learn what's going on without all the claptrap than through a newspaper
story.

The members of the mainstream media that do what they're supposed to do are as
powerful as ever. Americans will continue to read "the paper," whether it's in
paper form on online.

Why? Because most members of the MSM are doing what they're supposed to do, Rush
Limbaugh and his ilk notwithstanding.

Peyton may be reached by e-mail at davepeyton@davepeyton.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              195 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday

Silver Belittles Suozzi's Bid And His Political Reform Effort

BYLINE: By JACOB GERSHMAN, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 543 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The most powerful Democrat in state government, Sheldon Silver, yesterday
belittled the political reform effort begun by the Nassau County executive,
Thomas Suozzi, while dismissing Mr. Suozzi's chances of being elected governor.

Mr. Silver said Mr. Suozzi's political committee, called "Fix Albany," has
barely made a dent in state politics, and that the Democratic gubernatorial
candidate has exaggerated the influence his committee has had in getting
insurgent state lawmakers elected. Asked about "Fix Albany," Mr. Silver said, "I
don't think it existed, actually."

Mr. Silver's attack on Mr. Suozzi, which came two days after Mr. Suozzi
announced that he is seeking the Democratic nomination for governor, underscored
the extent to which the county executive has fallen out of favor with the
Democratic Party establishment in Albany.

The ability of Mr. Suozzi, 43, to mount a serious challenge against New York's
attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, whom Mr. Silver endorsed more than two years
ago, will depend to a large degree on how voters view his outsider status.

The 43-year-old Mr. Suozzi is counting on his self-styled reputation as a rebel
Democrat to appeal to voters who want to shake up politics in Albany, and he
hasn't shied away from acknowledging his combative relationship with Mr. Silver.
"Shelly Silver doesn't even see a need to reform Albany," a spokeswoman for Mr.
Suozzi, Kimberly Devlin, told The New York Sun.

Mr. Silver's bitter attitude toward Mr. Suozzi dates back at least to 2003,when
Mr. Suozzi blamed lawmakers for shifting too much of the tax burden on local
governments and threatened to oust two lawmakers from his home county - a
Democrat in the Assembly and a Republican in the Senate. Mr. Silver, in return,
tried to exclude him from the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston, and
soon after Mr. Suozzi made his threat, a high-powered lobbyist, Patricia Lynch,
canceled her contract with Nassau County, ostensibly because of the county
executive's challenge to Mr. Silver.

The Fix Albany political committee, which Mr. Suozzi started to help make good
on his threat, has had mixed results. It backed Charles Lavine, a lawyer of Glen
Cove who defied expectations by toppling the 12-year incumbent, David Sidikman,
in a Democratic Assembly primary and winning the general election.

His committee also contributed $50,000 to the campaign of David Valesky, who
beat the Republican incumbent Nancy Larraine Hoffmann by one percentage point in
a Senate race in Syracuse. But the committee failed to oust two Republican
senators from Nassau that it had targeted, Carl Marcellino and Dean Skelos, the
deputy majority leader.

"Valesky and Lavine were just more examples of Tom Suozzi's reform message
defeating Shelly Silver's status quo candidates," Ms. Devlin said.

Mr. Silver said yesterday that residents of Glen Cove, where Mr. Suozzi and
three other relatives of his have served as mayor, voted overwhelmingly in favor
of Mr. Lavine, but residents outside the city gave him much weaker support,
suggesting that Mr. Suozzi's influence does not extend beyond his hometown.

Asked whether Mr. Suozzi could defeat Mr. Spitzer, who is leading by a wide
margin in the polls, Mr. Silver said, "I personally don't think he has a shot."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday

Silver Belittles Suozzi's Bid And His Political Reform Effort

BYLINE: By JACOB GERSHMAN, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 543 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The most powerful Democrat in state government, Sheldon Silver, yesterday
belittled the political reform effort begun by the Nassau County executive,
Thomas Suozzi, while dismissing Mr. Suozzi's chances of being elected governor.

Mr. Silver said Mr. Suozzi's political committee, called "Fix Albany," has
barely made a dent in state politics, and that the Democratic gubernatorial
candidate has exaggerated the influence his committee has had in getting
insurgent state lawmakers elected. Asked about "Fix Albany," Mr. Silver said, "I
don't think it existed, actually."

Mr. Silver's attack on Mr. Suozzi, which came two days after Mr. Suozzi
announced that he is seeking the Democratic nomination for governor, underscored
the extent to which the county executive has fallen out of favor with the
Democratic Party establishment in Albany.

The ability of Mr. Suozzi, 43, to mount a serious challenge against New York's
attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, whom Mr. Silver endorsed more than two years
ago, will depend to a large degree on how voters view his outsider status.

The 43-year-old Mr. Suozzi is counting on his self-styled reputation as a rebel
Democrat to appeal to voters who want to shake up politics in Albany, and he
hasn't shied away from acknowledging his combative relationship with Mr. Silver.
"Shelly Silver doesn't even see a need to reform Albany," a spokeswoman for Mr.
Suozzi, Kimberly Devlin, told The New York Sun.

Mr. Silver's bitter attitude toward Mr. Suozzi dates back at least to 2003,when
Mr. Suozzi blamed lawmakers for shifting too much of the tax burden on local
governments and threatened to oust two lawmakers from his home county - a
Democrat in the Assembly and a Republican in the Senate. Mr. Silver, in return,
tried to exclude him from the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston, and
soon after Mr. Suozzi made his threat, a high-powered lobbyist, Patricia Lynch,
canceled her contract with Nassau County, ostensibly because of the county
executive's challenge to Mr. Silver.

The Fix Albany political committee, which Mr. Suozzi started to help make good
on his threat, has had mixed results. It backed Charles Lavine, a lawyer of Glen
Cove who defied expectations by toppling the 12-year incumbent, David Sidikman,
in a Democratic Assembly primary and winning the general election.

His committee also contributed $50,000 to the campaign of David Valesky, who
beat the Republican incumbent Nancy Larraine Hoffmann by one percentage point in
a Senate race in Syracuse. But the committee failed to oust two Republican
senators from Nassau that it had targeted, Carl Marcellino and Dean Skelos, the
deputy majority leader.

"Valesky and Lavine were just more examples of Tom Suozzi's reform message
defeating Shelly Silver's status quo candidates," Ms. Devlin said.

Mr. Silver said yesterday that residents of Glen Cove, where Mr. Suozzi and
three other relatives of his have served as mayor, voted overwhelmingly in favor
of Mr. Lavine, but residents outside the city gave him much weaker support,
suggesting that Mr. Suozzi's influence does not extend beyond his hometown.

Asked whether Mr. Suozzi could defeat Mr. Spitzer, who is leading by a wide
margin in the polls, Mr. Silver said, "I personally don't think he has a shot."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                        July 7, 2003 Monday CITY EDITION

SELF-PROMOTION CAN ADVANCE YOUR CAREER

BYLINE: Katy Hubbard, Pioneer Press

SECTION: YOURTECH; Angle on BusinessThe Work Force; Pg. T6

LENGTH: 456 words


How do you let people in your company know you brought a particularly difficult
project to fruition, skillfully handled a touchy situation or secured a much
sought-after client without sounding like a braggart?

Humility has its place and boasting is out of the question, but "tactful
self-promotion" is necessary for moving successfully along your career path,
says business coach and trainer Barbara Pachter. If you don't let people know
what you have accomplished, who will? asks Pachter.

Humble statements that belittle your accomplishments, such as, "Oh, it was
nothing; anyone could have done it," work against you and can be a
"career-stalling" or "career-killing" error. Pachter, author of "When the Little
Things Count ... And They Always Count," suggests the following ways to "toot
your own horn" without being perceived as a braggadocio.

- Be visible. Volunteer. Get involved. Write for your company newsletter. Make
presentations. Let people see what you are capable of doing.

- Accept compliments. Don't negate a compliment by making a self-deprecating
remark in an effort to appear humble. Simply acknowledge the kindness with,
"Thank you."

- Be prepared. When you are given the opportunity to introduce yourself at a
meeting or as a new member of a group, have something prepared. For example:
"I'm Heidi Martin, the new regional sales director. I will be coordinating our
sales efforts in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa." Being prepared improves the
ease of this little presentation.

- When asked, do tell. If someone inquires about how things are going at work,
feel free to mention a recent accomplishment, such as: "My last assignment was
really a challenge, but it turned out well. The advertising supplement I helped
create won a national award."

- Do not use superlatives. Don't embellish your accomplishments with inflated
modifiers. Just state the facts. "By analyzing expense data from the regional
offices, I was able to cut costs by one-quarter."

- Weave your accomplishments into conversation, when appropriate. A manager who
is a marathon runner might mention her training experience and compare it to the
preparations for the company's market expansion, either in casual conversation
or a presentation. This personal bit of information will be both distinguishing
and impressive.

- Don't mention the same accomplishment over and over. If you overdo it, you
sound like a braggart. Maintain a balance, talking about a variety of things.

- Speak well of others, too. Show appreciation of others, but don't be false.
Offer praise when it is warranted and your perceptions will be gratefully
received.

Source: Barbara Pachter, Pachter and Associates, Cherry Hill, N.J.;
www.pachter.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Kirk Lyttle, Pioneer Press

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 5, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Mourning in Sitcomville

SECTION: Section A;  Page 22;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 448 words


It is a sad day in Sitcomville. To say this is not to belittle the human loss
that her real-life family is experiencing at the death of Harriet Nelson in
California this week. For Mrs. Nelson, her husband, Ozzie, and their sons, David
and Ricky, were also inhabitants of a mythic electronic community.

It seemed vaguely Californian. People wore sweaters at all seasons, and the
hedges were always healthy. Inside the house the geographic location seemed less
important than its commercial orientation. The kitchen looked like the kind of
place where Betty Furness would feel comfortable touting the appliances. The
cabinets seemed to be hiding food products that deserved to be praised in the
golden tones of Ed Herlihy.

The economic base of Sitcomville was hard to figure out for folks who lived in
industrial towns with round-the-clock shift work. Except for William Bendix on
"The Life of Riley," there did not appear to be many clock punchers in
Sitcomville. There were no strikes and lots of time off. There was a feeling
that Mr. Nelson and Ward Cleaver, the father of the newcomer family in "Leave It
to Beaver," worked in the same vague, clean commercial enterprise. They made a
fair amount of money and came home early to ask their wives about snacks for the
fellas who were coming over to play cards that night.

As far as the nation was concerned, Ozzie and Harriet's main role was not
economic but psychological. They made the world less dangerous. The night that
Ricky was allowed to imitate Elvis did more than launch Ricky's recording
career. It also assured all the parents who took cultural signals from the
Nelson living room that the hip-shaking menace from Memphis was a safe product
to bring into their own homes.

That turned out to be less than totally true, but Ozzie and Harriet can hardly
be blamed for that. By the time the neighborhood got raucous ("All in the
Family," "Maude" and the grandiose dysfunctions of "Roseanne"), their boys were
grown and the Nelsons themselves were retired.

There were some attempts to bring back the old days in Sitcomville with the
retro sunniness of "Happy Days" and "The Wonder Years." It was not quite the
same. For one thing, the world would not stay as safely at bay as it did in the
pioneer days in the video suburbs. In real life, Harriet Nelson lost Ozzie in
1975 and Ricky in 1985. She died in Laguna Beach, Calif., a nice enough place,
but not nearly as comfortable as the town she and her husband invented for
themselves and for America. It is an abandoned place now, its once proud
bungalows, its shining kitchens, its flawless children and prattling couples
exiled in the weedy back lots of Cableland.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              199 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                  March 2, 1997, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Wings blank slumping Rangers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 407 words


   Colin Campbell didn't want to belittle Red Wing goaltender Chris Osgood's
shutout performance yesterday, but the New York Rangers' coach says his team
hasn't challenged opposing goalies much lately.

Osgood stopped 21 shots for his sixth shutout of the season as Detroit beat New
York 3-0 and extended the Rangers' winless streak to eight.

"We're making goalies look pretty good," Campbell said after the Rangers' third
straight loss left them 0-6-2 in their last eight games. "Tonight we didn't
penetrate as much as we should and we didn't score."

Darren McCarty and Brendan Shanahan each had a goal and an assist while Tomas
Sandstrom added an empty-net goal for the Red Wings, who are 5-0-2 in their last
seven games.

In East Rutherford, N.J., John MacLean scored twice and Doug Gilmour had a goal
and an assist to help the New Jersey Devils post their third straight win, a 6-3
victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Valeri Zelepukin, Steve Thomas and Bill Guerin also scored for the Devils.

The Penguins got goals from Glen Murray, Gary Valk and Mario Lemieux.

At Boston, defencemen Bob Beers and Ray Bourque scored from the blue line in the
final 1:17 to lift the Bruins into a 5-5 tie with the Philadelphia Flyers. Trent
Klatt had his first NHL hat trick for the Flyers, who wasted a 3-0 lead in the
first period and a 5-3 lead in the third.

In Tampa, Rick Tabaracci stopped 24 shots for his fourth shutout of the season
as the Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 2-0. The Panthers lost for the first
time in three games. Chris Gratton scored in the first period. Dino Ciccarelli
clinched the victory with his 26th goal.

In Denver, Adam Deadmarsh scored on a penalty shot and Craig Billington made 29
saves as the Avalanche ended a season-high two-game losing streak with a 2-1
victory over the Chicago Blackhawks.

Colorado got a third-period goal from Claude Lemieux at 13:44. Alexei Zhamnov
scored for the Blackhawks.

At Calgary, rookie Jarome Iginla scored his 20th and 21st goals of the season,
leading the Flames to a 4-1 victory over the Dallas Stars.

Ron Stern and Dave Gagner also scored for Calgary. Darryl Sydor scored for
Dallas, which lost for the first time in five games.

In Kanata, Dominik Hasek stopped 29 shots to lead the Buffalo Sabres to a 3-1
win over the Ottawa Senators. Donald Audette had two goals for Buffalo. Mike
Peca had the other. Wade Redden replied for Ottawa.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP photo: SHINE ON: New Jersey's Doug Gilmour, right, shakes off
checking by Penguins' Petr Nedved yesterday. Gilmour scored two points in 6-3
Devils win.hockey; NHL; report

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              200 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 4, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Drucker belittles Japan's surplus

BYLINE: Mark Memmott

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 516 words


Imagine someone telling you that Japan's nearly $ 50 billion trade surplus with
the USA ''is a mirage.'' Then imagine that person being taken seriously. That's
the kind of respect Peter Drucker commands. Drucker, 80, is often called the
father of modern management. Born in Vienna, he has been an adviser to
corporations and governments. In the early 1950s, he was one of a select group
of U.S. experts who helped rebuild Japan's economy.

A professor of management at California's Claremont Graduate School, Drucker
spoke this week before a packed audience at the Japan Society in New York, where
he presented some thought-provoking opinions on Japan.

- Japan's trade surplus: ''I don't know a single Japanese in a responsible
governmental or academic position who believes in the export surplus. ... It is
a mirage ... It is not the result of Japan's industrial prowess. It is the
result of the worldwide depression in raw materials and food prices.

''Japan is the world's largest importer of food and raw materials, and the only
sizable food importer in the non-communist world ... Food and raw materials
prices have been weak and in depression for 10 years. ... But those prices could
skyrocket. ... Maybe food prices will stay depressed, maybe petroleum prices
will stay depressed ... but maybe not. That is their fear.''

- Japan's dependence: ''We do not understand how dependent Japan is on this
country. ... We seem to have forgotten the old saw that if you owe your bank $
10,000 the bank owns you. But if you owe the bank $ 1 million, you own the
bank... . For now they have a $ 50 billion surplus. What are they going to do
with it, dump it in the ocean? ... They either have to buy (U.S. goods and
assets) or invest (in U.S. securities). And since there are tremendous political
risks in buying American assets, Treasury bills are, from the point of view of
the Japanese, almost the only thing they can buy. We have them over a barrel.''

- Japan's strategy: ''When I first went to Japan it was war-ravaged. It was an
incredibly fragile society... . You had a policy that protected domestic society
and domestic employment. That policy has run its course for two reasons. No. 1,
the (foreign exporters to Japan) won't hold still any longer. ... Secondly, the
need to protect society in Japan is gone and is becoming unpopular (there).

- Japan-U.S. trade talks: ''From the point of view of an economist, it's a
sideshow.

''When I sit down with my sharp pencil and try to figure out how much more Japan
is likely to buy (from the U.S.) I come up with a maximum of $ 5 billion.''

- Japan's future: ''There's one course, a very drastic course, that is within
the Japanese possibilities... . To change 180 degrees and become the leader of
'freer trade.' That would be a move to counter European protectionism.

''One thing you can say about the Japanese, they can be depended upon to do
their thinking. Behind their policy of taking things one step at a time there is
furious thinking going on... They might surprise you with some novel, innovative
ideas. I hope so.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY (Peter Drucker)

CUTLINE: DRUCKER: Deficit makes Japan dependent on USA.

TYPE: Insiders

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              201 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 26, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

DANCE;
Beside Balanchine, Other American Pioneers

BYLINE: By JACK ANDERSON

SECTION: Section 2; Page 25; Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1187 words


THE New York City Ballet is 50 years old this year. So let's rejoice. The
company and its affiliated School of American Ballet are remarkable
institutions, and George Balanchine and Lincoln Kirstein, their founders, are
heroic figures. Nevertheless, justifiable euphoria should not lead to myth
making.

Some dancegoers with hazy notions of history now seem to assume that when
Kirstein brought Balanchine to New York in 1933, America was a balletic
wilderness. Such a view was expressed by Nicholas Jenkins in "The Great
Impresario," a tribute to Kirstein in the April 13 issue of the New Yorker. Mr.
Jenkins declares, "Kirstein and Balanchine labored to create and then perpetuate
a basis for classical dance in a country where none had really existed before
they arrived on the scene."

That's nonsense. And calling it so does not belittle either man. A basis for
American ballet did indeed exist in the 1930's, and Balanchine and Kirstein
built upon it, as did other architects of balletic visions.

Several opera companies, the Metropolitan among them, had ballet troupes with
schools, often headed by Italian ballet masters. There were also teachers from
other backgrounds, including American-born and Russian teachers.

Two famous Russians opened successful New York schools in the early 20's: Michel
Fokine, the choreographic reformer who created masterpieces like "Les Sylphides"
and "Petrouchka," and Mikhail Mordkin, a dancer noted for his magnetic presence.
Both formed companies. But financial difficulties prevented their groups from
becoming permanent. (Balanchine and Kirstein would experience comparable
problems.) In 1937, however, Mordkin made a fresh attempt to start a company,
organizing the Mordkin Ballet, whose dancers three years later became the
nucleus for the first season of Ballet Theater (now American Ballet Theater).

Anyone surveying American dance may find surprises. Chicago was a balletic boom
town in the 20's and 30's. The Chicago Opera employed dancers, and there were
ambitious, if short-lived, independent troupes, some of them headed by Adolph
Bolm, a former member of Sergei Diaghilev's innovative Ballets Russes. Because
of his labors as choreographer, teacher and director in Chicago and California,
Bolm was a real pioneer. His Chicago creations ranged from "The Birthday of the
Infanta," based on an Oscar Wilde fairy tale, to "Krazy Kat," inspired by the
comic strip.

For a special Washington performance in 1928, Bolm choreographed the world
premiere of Stravinsky's "Apollo," more than a month before Diaghilev presented
Balanchine's version of that work in Paris. The three Muses in Bolm's production
made their own contributions to American ballet. Elise Reiman taught for many
years at the School of American Ballet. Berenice Holmes stayed on in Chicago as
a prominent teacher. Chicago also remained the home of Ruth Page, who organized
several companies there, sometimes in association with the American dancers and
teachers Bentley Stone and Walter Camryn.

Bolm went west in the 30's, becoming the San Francisco Ballet's first director
in 1933. His productions included "Ballet Mecanique," an Expressionist evocation
of a factory, and "Lament" and "Consecration," two heroic pieces to Bach.

Later, after Bolm had settled in Los Angeles, the San Francisco Ballet began its
long and happy association with Willam, Harold and Lew Christensen, brothers
from Utah whose early training was largely Italian. Harold and Lew then studied
at the School of American Ballet, and Lew danced with the American Ballet,
Balanchine's first American company. But, although benefiting immeasurably from
Balanchine's guidance, he was already a trained dancer at the time. Willam
directed the San Francisco Ballet from 1938 until 1951, when he was succeeded by
Lew. Both Willam and Lew were versatile choreographers, and Harold supervised
the San Francisco Ballet School.

Ballet flourished in unexpected places. Our oldest surviving regional company is
the Atlanta Ballet, which Dorothy Alexander founded in 1929. Another hardy
perennial is the Dayton Ballet, established in 1937 by Josephine and Hermene
Schwarz, two determined sisters. Both studied with many teachers, and Josephine
had danced with Bolm in Chicago. A video documentary tracing their remarkable
careers, "How Can We Know the Dancer From the Dance?," has just been released by
Global Village Communications of Bellbrook, Ohio.

And what was the first American ballet company to tour Europe? Not one from New
York. The Philadelphia Ballet existed from 1935 to 1941 and went abroad in 1937.
It was founded by another pair of sisters, Catherine and Dorothie Littlefield,
whose mother had opened a ballet school in Philadelphia back in 1908. Dorothie,
a respected teacher, was among the first faculty members of the School of
American Ballet, but she soon returned to Philadelphia. Catherine choreographed
such works as "Terminal," which depicted a busy railroad station; "Ladies Better
Dresses," a satire on the fashion industry, and the rousing "Barn Dance."

The Philadelphia Ballet, like most early balletic ventures (except for those in
Atlanta, Dayton and San Francisco), did not last long. But neither did the
Kirstein-Balanchine companies. The American Ballet, founded in 1934, collapsed
in 1938, then was briefly revived for Latin American performances in 1941.
Ballet Caravan, a touring group organized in 1936, disbanded in 1940. One
constant in this unsettled time was the School of American Ballet, which
continued to produce dancers. But, as a glance at dance publications of the time
will reveal, it was never New York's only important ballet school. Then, in
1946, Balanchine and Kirstein established Ballet Society, which initially
presented works for subscription-only audiences. After opening its performances
to the general public, it became the New York City Ballet in 1948.

By then ballet was successful in America. Balanchine and Kirstein were major
factors in bringing this about. And there were other important influences from
abroad: Col. W. de Basil's Ballets Russes, which embarked on its first American
tour in 1933, spurred great interest in ballet, as did that company's rival, the
Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, which arrived here in 1938.

THE incessant coast-to-coast touring of the Ballet Russe and Ballet Theater made
Americans ballet conscious during the 40's. Balanchine, among others,
choreographed for these groups. Yet, at the time, he and Kirstein probably did
more to train dancers at their school than to promote their choreographic
conceptions, for the simple reason that they did not have their own company for
much of that decade. However, thanks to various choreographic and directorial
forces, a ballet audience was formed, one that came to support the City Ballet.

Many people, then, served as architects of American ballet. Some of their
schemes were castles in the air; some proved sturdy. But even the evanescent
projects may have contributed to the art. Balanchine and Kirstein were among the
idealists whose dreams eventually became realities.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: STEP BY STEP Adolph Bolm created ballets in Chicago and San
Francisco in the 1920's and 30's; Catherine Littlefield was a co-founder of the
Philadelphia Ballet in 1935. (E.O. Hoppe/Camera Portrait)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              202 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 9, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton's Year At Sea

BYLINE: By Garry Wills;   Garry Wills, adjunct professor of history at
Northwestern University and author of "Lincoln at Gettysburg," is author of a
forthcoming book on leadership, "Certain Trumpets."

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 21;  Column 3;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 1039 words

DATELINE: EVANSTON, Ill.


Getting elected was the best thing Bill Clinton did which is not to belittle
anything else he did. The arrival of a Democrat in the White House was a seismic
event, shifting our polity's tectonic plates. Democrats had been absent since
1968 -- if one excepts, as one should, Jimmy Carter's brief interlude, with all
the impact of breath on a window pane, fading as soon as it was breathed.

The Republican hold on the White House was a cultural fact of odd significance.
It occurred at the very time when the country was undergoing a profound social
revolution.

Look, today, at the status of achieving women, elected black officials, open
homosexuals, single mothers, unwed couples, women having legal abortions,
uncensored movies and magazines. There is no one who does not have friends or
family members engaged in what, a quarter of a century ago, was a rare or
embarrassing social activity. Yet term after term we elected Presidents who
tried to ignore or turn back this avalanche of social change.

Admittedly, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and George Bush were not elected solely
to be a brake on the pace of social change. Other factors were in play --
especially the final spending paroxysm of the cold war, with a concomitant
niggardliness for any but military spending.

But the fact remains that electing a Democratic President closed what was
becoming a chasm between social reality and electoral leadership. Women, gay
people, blacks and other minorities are now part of the society for which the
White House speaks, not that society's enemies. This was bound to have an affect
on court appointments and administrative procedures no matter what Democrat got
elected.

But Mr. Clinton was the one who did, and he deserves credit for bringing in
long-delayed changes.

What other credit rightly belongs to him? Not as much as one had reason to hope
for. During his transition, he raised expectations that were largely
disappointed in the immediate aftermath of his inauguration.

As President-elect, he conducted in Little Rock an economic "summit meeting"
with an array of experts, and dazzled people with his command of problems and
policy. Quite a contrast with Franklin D. Roosevelt's dithering response when
Herbert Hoover tried to recruit his successor to interim measures for regulating
money. Hoover, dismayed at the level of Roosevelt's answers, wrote in his diary
that the newly elected amateur was too dumb to be President.

Roosevelt refused to cooperate on stopgap expedients because he wanted an air of
crisis when he took over and a free hand uncompromised by previous
half-measures. He hit the town like a whirlwind.

Mr. Clinton hit it like a soggy moon pie. His economic showing off produced a
plan whose distinctive feature -- a Rooseveltian combination of cuts and
expenditures, shoring up credit and creating jobs -- was abandoned at the first
show of resistance to the jobs program.

Admittedly, the Depression gave Roosevelt a genuine crisis to work with. But
there was a perception of crisis in the 1992 campaign that led to the cry for
change, and for drastic measures, reflected in the appeal of demagogues like
Ross Perot and Pat Buchanan. Mr. Clinton let that dissipate during his early
months of having fun in the White House.

He allowed news stories about Sharon Stone and Cristophe, the hair stylist, to
trivialize the Presidency while Ross Perot was mounting a post-campaign second
campaign that urged serious action on the deficit. Mr. Clinton had trouble
passing a tax on the rich because the Republicans found it laughably easy to
misrepresent it as a tax on the middle class.

He was able to rescue endangered programs at the last minute, confirming a
pattern discernible earlier in his life, of long dilatory periods followed by
frenetic last-minute spectacles of personal diplomacy and showmanship. But this
keeps him behind the curve, perpetually catching up ("the Comeback Kid"), saving
this or that endangered position instead of setting the agenda.

In foreign policy, he has not even had programs to rescue with last-minute
efforts. A year into office, he admits he is still "trying to think of what our
bumper sticker would be about" in dealing with Russia. As for Bosnia, Somalia
and Haiti, his retrenchment of American commitments is defensible, I believe,
but he has not mounted the defense.

Much can be traced to the initial mistake of dropping his jobs program. Without
that balancing component of his plan, the spending cuts could be attacked as
insufficient. Mr. Perot had weeks of artificially extended political life
because of that, and Mr. Clinton looked more timorous than he was.

If a vigorous domestic rebuilding had been in process, Mr. Clinton could have
made a better case for restraint abroad until our own house was set in order.
Welfare reform would be more feasible if there were jobs the unemployed could be
given -- roads and bridges to be repaired, public buildings to be modernized or
expanded. Instead, the nation's infrastructure continues to crumble, reducing
productivity, fostering public disorder and limiting employment.

Last year's call for change was sharp, but Mr. Clinton muted it at the moment
when he had his best opportunity for a comprehensive programmatic initiative.
Lost opportunities are what a Comeback Kid has to keep coming back from -- and
Republicans are helping him. Enough of them think they can win by going back to
the Reagan era of denial that we have a changed social world.

Even their stridency proclaims this change. Rush Limbaugh's gleeful vituperation
is closer to the savageness of Howard Stern than to the civility of conservative
doctrine. But rescue by his opponents is hardly an inspiring prospect for Mr.
Clinton.

Individual programs will absorb his energies -- especially health care, his
trademark issue, and welfare reform -- while foreign policy continues to be
treated as a distraction. Even the fight for the two main programs would be
easier if be had an overarching rationale for his actions at home and abroad.
That is hard to formulate convincingly when faced with midterm elections, but
life will be even harder without it. Going out somewhere beats, by far, forever
coming back.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              203 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   August 23, 1989, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

DOCTOR'S PITCH BELITTLES MIRACLE TALK: But amazin' show possible this Saturday

BYLINE: Kevin Boland

SECTION: SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 51, SPORTIN' LIFE

LENGTH: 819 words


  Take it from a guy who had one of the best seats in the house and watched the
wonder take shape every day of the long, hot summer of 1969.

The Miracle at Flushing Meadows wasn't and, as surely as Tom Seaver loved apple
pie, the Amazin' Mets weren't.

''Newspaper stuff,'' sniffs Ron Taylor, who made 59 trips from the New York Mets
bullpen that season. ''We began the year as a competitive ball club. We became a
pennant contender. Then we became a championship team.''

If it sounds rehearsed, there could be two reasons. It has been 20 years since
the Mets made their run at the title in the new East Division of the National
League. And if a reminder helps, this year's come-from-nowhere Baltimore Orioles
are providing it.

'We were ready'

''It took a while to put the pieces together,'' Taylor said the other day at his
downtown Toronto medical office. ''When it happened, it was no surprise to the
guys who made it happen.''

He could see the makings of a contender when he signed on in 1967 for what
became a five-year hitch. In 1968, the Mets dropped hints that they had become
respectable when they dropped about 20 games by one run.

''We were ready in '69,'' Taylor said.

The history books would suggest otherwise about a team that had never finished
better than ninth place and was expected to do so in 1969 only because expansion
split the league into six-team divisions.

When the less-than-mighty Expos won on that very first date in New York, the
gentle souls who inhabit Shea Stadium began looking to the 1970s.

In July, the Mets flashed their form by winning four out of six in a
home-and-home series with the Chicago Cubs. In August, back 9 1/2 games, they
came on with a rush and, after taking a pair from Chicago in September, hauled
into first place.

Taylor is as right as a sneaky fastball when he mentions the stars who studded
the pitching staff: Tom Seaver, 25-7 2.21 ERA, Jerry Koosman, 17-9 2.28, Gary
Gentry 13-12 3.42 and young Nolan Ryan 6-3 3.54. Welcome contributions were
supplied by Taylor and Tug McGraw, who combined for a record of 18-7, 25 saves
and an ERA around 2.50.

Championship numbers.

Having dashed the myth of the 1969 Mets, amazin' or otherwise, Taylor set his
sights on another.

This one is about pressure and how it is perceived by the players and fans.

First, a little background.

Game 2 of the 1969 World Series, Mets lead the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 in the last
half of the ninth. Starter Jerry Koosman flags and after walking Boog Powell and
Frank Robinson with two out, Gil Hodges summons Taylor. He strikes out Brooks
Robinson. The Mets win it in five.

Game 4 of the 1964 World Series, St. Louis Cardinals lead the New York Yankees
4-3 after five innings when manager Johnny Keane dials Taylor's number. Four
innings and no hits later, series tied at two, the Cards head home to take it in
seven games.

Pressure?

''Heck, no,'' Taylor says. ''The World Series isn't pressure. Getting there,
that's pressure.''

Beg pardon?

''Haven't made a formal survey, of course, but most players think so, too. Get
to the Series and, even if you lose, you're a winner because you were good
enough to be there. Lose the playoffs, though, and who remembers? Awful way to
end a season.''

Which reminds him . . .

Game 2 of the 1969 National League playoff, Mets hammering Atlanta 9-1 heading
into the Braves' fifth. Koosman is shelled for five runs and Taylor is called.
He gets the last out, sails through the next inning and hands it over to McGraw.

ONE MORE SURPRISE

Blow that one, he seemed to be saying, and 20 years later there might not have
been any talk of the Amazin' Mets.

There was one more surprise up the sleeve of Taylor's white coat.

Having worked 11 seasons in the majors to win a couple of World Series rings, he
crossed paths with some of baseball's greats.

Willies Mays and McCovey of the Giants, Bob Gibson and Lou Brock of the Cards,
Henry Aaron and Warren Spahn of the Braves, Ernie Banks and Billy Williams of
the Cubs, Roberto Clemente and Willie Stargell of the Pirates, Johnny Bench and
Pete Rose of the Reds.

But he best remembers the joker in the deck.

''Bob Uecker,'' says Taylor, a smile splitting granite features, visions of
afternoons spent in the Cardinals' bullpen on his mind.


''A better catcher than he likes to admit but even then he was polishing his
routines for the Carson Show. Talk about loose bullpens. I should've paid my way
into the park.''

The pair of them could turn the clock back this Saturday when the oldtimers pay
their annual visit to Toronto.

With Uecker here as a broadcaster for the Milwaukee Brewers, how much would it
take to have him slip on the mask one more time? And could Taylor, who will be
in the park as the Blue Jays' physician, be counted upon in a crunch?


Now that would be amazin'.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Blue Jays' doctor Ron Taylor, a bullpen staffer for the 1969
World Series champion New York Mets dresses a bit differently to throw the first
pitch for Toronto's 1985 home opener

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              204 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 21, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

CONVENTION JOURNAL;
CONVENTION IN DALLAS: THE REPUBLICANS;
Satirical Look at Reagan

BYLINE: By Francis X. Clines

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 827 words


Republican moderates who have drifted in despair at the fringe of this joyously
conservative convention are about to strike back by mocking the President
himself with a satirical depiction of a White House day when war looms with the
Soviet Union.

The show, written by a Republican delegate and open to delegates today at a
nearby theater, begins with a fictitious Nancy Reagan telling the President's
aides not to wake him: ''He needs his 16 hours, and besides we haven't had a
holiday in days.'' The show, well stocked with television actors, ends with the
Reagan character going on TV to tell the nation he has just pushed the button.

''I am announcing an exchange program with the Soviet Union,'' he intones
genially. ''It's my arms-across- the-seas policy. Deficits will be a thing of
the past. In fact, the past itself will be a thing of the past.''

The point of the satire is not to belittle Mr. Reagan but to underline the
nuclear freeze issue, according to its author, Paul Zimmerman, a movie writer
who is a delegate from Bucks County, Pa. ''Satire flourishes when debate is
discouraged,'' he said, complaining that the platform debate snuffed out
discussion of a nuclear arms freeze although several polls showed a majority of
delegates favoring it.  All's well that ends well in the show, as the missile
signal from the White House is caught up in the telephone deregulation problem
and gets lost bouncing off the competing satellite dishes of A.T.& T. and MCI.

The production's angels are a hardy band of moderates who call themselves the
Republican Mainstream Committee. They are led by Representative Jim Leach, an
Iowa Republican who does not shrink from the role of convention pariah. ''If
there's anything this convention has been devoid of more than compassion, it's
humor,'' he said.

Humor Aimed at Ferraro

Other convention delegates are more inclined to mock the Democrats, particularly
as Representative Geraldine A. Ferraro, the Democratic Vice-Presidential
candidate, goes through the slow, painful process of disclosing the income and
involved real estate dealings of her husband, John A. Zacarro. Instantly, a
T-shirt has been printed and worn by a gloating Republican: ''Zaccaro for
Secretary of H.U.D.'' A newly minted button reads: ''Come Clean, Geraldine.''

Politics or Pleasure?

What do devotees of politics who are also devotees of the singles scene talk
about in fresh encounters at the convention? A Republican man and a Republican
woman exchanged introductions at the Dallas Hilton bar the other night,
expressed their distaste for ''meat rack'' socializing and soon were engaged in
a conversation about Presidential overachievers.  WOMAN: Nixon was a fantastic
overachiever.

MAN:So was L.B.J.

WOMAN: Lincoln was a classic.

Soon they ordered fresh drinks as the man leaned closer and somehow began
changing the subject to the tragic genius of Eugene O'Neill.

A Place for Blacks

Blacks are outnumbered at the convention by many other categories of delegates,
including lawyers and widows. By the party's official count, black Republicans
hold 3 percent of the convention votes, a figure comparable to the opinion-poll
measurements of the Reagan-Bush ticket's popularity among black voters.
Nevertheless, blacks have been afforded moments of convention prominence by
Reagan strategists who privately admit some concern about alienating suburban
Republicans and other potential moderates.

Ray Charles, the singer, will be performing, and Pearl Bailey, the singer, will
toast Nancy Reagan at a party. Samuel R. Pierce Jr., a former Secretary of
Housing and Urban Development who was once mistaken at the White House for a
visiting mayor by President Reagan, was honored by the National Black Republican
Committee at a ranch party with the theme ''We Make the Difference.'' At the
convention's opening morning session, LeGree Daniels, chairman of the National
Black Republicans, saluted progess under the G.O.P. since the days when her
grandmother was a slave.

''Grandma, times have changed!'' she proclaimed from the rostrum after
contrasting the Reagan economic recovery with the ''welfare and free cheese'' of
Democrats.  A Bit Too Far

Texas is big, but members of the

New York delegation think they

are being carried too far by convention logistics to make that point. The New
Yorkers, who never feel too popular at Republican conventions, have been
stationed at a hotel that, at best, is 25 minutes' driving time outside of town.
It's more often an hour farther when one of those Texas-size V.I.P. motorcades
is concocted with police sirens yowling like coyotes and smoked-glass limousines
cruising three abreast and cutting off lower-ranking traffic.

''You're halfway to Fort Worth,'' Vice President Bush joked when he met with the
New Yorkers at their airport hotel after one motorcade.

''We're halfway to Mexico,'' estimated George L. Clark Jr., the New York
Republican chairman.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 22, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
A report in the Convention Journal column yesterday about blacks at the
Republican National Convention misidentified Samuel R. Pierce Jr. He is the
current Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              205 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 19, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

INSIDE PRO GOLF;
Calamities produce Open's notable story

BYLINE: Glenn Sheeley; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 03C

LENGTH: 534 words


Two majors this year and two times it has happened. The losers' stories are more
compelling than the winners'.

Not to belittle Steve Jones being able to grip a U.S. Open trophy more firmly
than he could a golf club after a dirt bike accident in 1991, but history is
unlikely to record him as anything but another Andy North.

Tom Lehman and Davis Love III, meanwhile, were the high-drama stories of Oakland
Hills, just as Greg Norman was at the Masters. Two players who should win a few
majors might be trying too hard to win one. A lasting image of the 96th U.S.
Open will be an intense Lehman, with his ball in the air at the par- 3 17th,
yelling desperately for it to "Get close!" Another will be Love's numbed
expression in the scoring tent upon realizing that a missed three-footer at 18
would have tied Jones.

Lehman was doomed Sunday at the 18th, kicking left into a fairway bunker with a
lip nearly six inches deep. Afterward, he said how proud he was of Jones, but
couldn't hide the hurt.

"You always hear that when it's your time to win, you'll win," said Lehman,
third at last year's Open and runner-up in the 1994 Masters. "But you get
frustrated. You want to take that silver trophy, stick it on your mantel and
stare at it for the rest of your life."

Love's story had the stuff of which screenplays are born. Playing for the U.S.
Open on Father's Day with the words of Davis Love Jr., who died in a 1988 plane
crash, filling his head. Later, to some reporters, Love had clutched a hand to
his throat, offering that he choked.

Love's solace was that Jones had been the one to survive.

"In 1987 Steve Jones blew a ball out of bounds at 18 at Harbour Town and
basically gave me my first tour win," Love said. "I've been pulling for him ever
since. It doesn't make my finish any easier, but I'm happy for him."

TEE IT UP: John Daly, who had a decent Open, tying for 27th, didn't wear himself
out at the practice range. He hit balls Thursday and bagged the range the other
three days. . . . Nick Price, who pulled out of the Open, told Greg Norman he
has a sinus infection that has affected his equilibrium and caused a 40 percent
drop in strength. He's expected to be out another two weeks. . . . The PGA Tour
will announce soon a policy change that will allow any Nike Tour player winning
three times in the same year to immediately get a PGA Tour card.

ALARMING: LaGrange's Allen Doyle, who won three times last year on the Nike
Tour, is carrying his own alarm clock with him on the PGA Tour these days. Prior
to his first round at Westchester two weeks ago, his hotel alarm went off
unexpectedly at 2:30 a.m. When resetting it, Doyle accidentally turned the clock
back two hours. Arriving at the course for a noon tee time, he assumed it was 10
a.m. and got disqualified by a few minutes. The good news? Doyle made an
unplanned appearance at his daughter's high school graduation. . . . Rumors that
Phil Mickelson had overslept prior to his Thursday round at Oakland Hills were
erroneous. "I was with him," said caddie Jim McKay of Columbus. "I think I would
have known.'' . . . Jones, who made $ 425,000 for winning the Open, from 1992 to
1994 earned $ 8,740.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: Weekend tournaments
 -PGA Tour: St. Jude Classic, Thursday-Sunday, TPC at Southwind Memphis,
 Tenn. TV: Ch. 46, 4-6 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
 -LPGA Tour: Rochester International, Thursday-Sunday, Locust Hill Country
 Club, Rochester, N.Y. TV: The Golf Channel 3-5:30 p.m. each day.
 -Senior PGA Tour: Bell Atlantic Classic, Friday-Sunday, Chester Valley
 Golf Club, Malvern, Pa. TV: ESPN 3-5 p.m. Friday, 2-4 p.m. Saturday and
 Sunday. -Nike Tour: Ozarks Open, Thursday-Sunday, Highland Springs
 Country Club, Springfield, Mo.
 -NGA-Hooters Tour: Hamilton County Classic, Thursday-Sunday, Brown Acres
 Golf Club, Chattanooga.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              206 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  April 3, 1995, Monday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Can't government do good, too?;
These great ideas from Boys and Girls Clubs across America actually help kids.
We need more of them. And government support for them wouldn't invalidate their
work.

BYLINE: John Head

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 7A, John Head

LENGTH: 540 words


There's an easy way for conservatives to make us liberals feel uneasy when we
scoff at their suggestions that cutting government social spending is OK because
charities will take up the slack. They just say our position is an attack on
charity.

It's not true, of course. Do-gooders hold a special place in our bleeding
hearts. In fact, our prescription is to have as many do-gooders as possible,
including the government in some cases.

In fact, liberals have a keen appreciation for the contributions private,
nonprofit organizations and individual volunteers make in addressing the
nation's problems. We don't belittle the burden they take on every day. We just
question the wisdom of dramatically increasing that burden by shifting much of
the government's load to them.

I got a glimpse of the good works private organizations are doing around the
country when I recently sat down to help judge the Boys and Girls Clubs of
America's Honor Awards for Program Excellence. More than 500 entries had been
culled down to 21 finalists. They represent an elite sampling of the innovative
and energetic ways Boys and Girls Clubs address problems and try to make life
better for youngsters in their communities. Here are a few examples:

> Midnight basketball was ridiculed as a crime-fighting program during debate on
the Clinton crime bill last year. But the Columbia Park Boys Club in San
Francisco is showing that a variation on that theme works. They put on midnight
soccer. The result is, youths who otherwise would be on the streets getting into
trouble have a place to go. And gang members who otherwise would be fighting and
perhaps killing each others are learning to be teammates.

> In Portland, Ore., Boys and Girls Clubs are targeting the children of migrant
workers in membership recruitment, making available to them services they
ordinarily would not even be aware of. This effort is particularly laudable in
this era of hostility toward immigrants. In the same vein, the North Little
Rock, Ark., club is reaching out to children in homeless shelters. And a
Seattle, Wash., club is seeking members among teenage parents - boys and girls -
to offer the kind of help and guidance they desperately need.

> Realizing the need to teach children about the importance of protecting the
environment, Wheeler Boys and Girls Club in Indianapolis put kids to work
cultivating gardens in their inner-city neighborhood. This program does more
than teach children about the life cycles of plants. It teaches them about
personal responsibility and, perhaps most important, that the environment is all
around them, in their community. It doesn't begin on the other side of the city
limits sign.

No doubt, conservatives would see in these programs proof of their argument that
you don't have to have government addressing so many social needs. Groups like
these Boys and Girls Clubs are capable of doing the job.

That's not what I see. I see worthwhile efforts that deserve support and should,
in fact, be replicated to increase the good they can do. If the government gets
involved to facilitate or fund the work, that doesn't invalidate its worth.

John Head is a Constitution editorial writer. His column appears Mondays.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration: Volunteers raising the wall of a house with a large hook
on a crane from Washington offering assistance./ B.D. Cummings / Special

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              207 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 23, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Why Does Terror Rear Its Head?

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 125 words


To the Editor:

Edward Rothstein (Arts & Ideas pages, Nov. 17) belittles the idea that terrorism
may have its roots in poverty and injustice. He cites the example of Timothy J.
McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber, and asserts that "no one suggested that his
act had its 'root causes' in an injustice that needed to be rectified to prevent
further terrorism."

This is a non-argument: what motivates one individual to commit a heinous act
may be very different from what motivates another. Most terrorism is associated
with political disputes, usually between unequal adversaries, and occurs in a
context of poverty and injustice. To ignore this is to try to evade examining
the substance of those disputes.

COLIN MACKINNON
Chevy Chase, Md., Nov. 18, 2001






URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              208 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 28, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Realtor lashes out at Smartway building talk

SECTION: METRO; Sylvia Cooper; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 1187 words


This week, City Ink is going to set the record straight about the illegal cow in
Blythe, the real time it took for a sheriff's deputy to respond to a wreck in
the Red Lobster parking lot and the real "major donors" responsible for bringing
the consultant to Augusta to advise city officials on drawing up a chronic
nuisance property ordinance.

And we will talk about various and sundry other ironies and inside baseball,
such as Realtor E.G. Meybohm's letter to City Administrator Fred Russell
complaining he'd been shafted by Commissioners Joe Bowles and Jerry Brigham
during the meeting in which commissioners voted to build a new sheriff's
administration building downtown instead of renovating the Smartway furniture
store at Southgate Plaza.

"The remarks by Commis-sioners Brigham and Bowles were erroneous, and I cannot
help but be offended by implications that I was seeking to profit from the
matter," Meybohn wrote the day after the meeting. "Nothing could be farther from
the truth, and I was only involved because of my interest in helping the city."

During that meeting, Bowles said the Smartway property sold May 5, 2008, for
$772,000, and he questioned why the city would even consider paying $1.8 million
for it.

Brigham objected to allowing Meybohm to rebut some of the figures discussed at
that meeting, saying if they were going to start arguing about construction
costs they should open it up to other contractors.

Meybohm said he'd been in the real estate business for more than 40 years and
had been financially and personally involved in the betterment of the community.

"When I think about all the time, effort and money I have expended to improve
our community, I feel my contributions should merit more consideration than I
was given at yesterday's meeting," he said.

Well, Mr. Meybohm, I can tell you from having been to hundreds of commission
meetings, commissioners are like newspaper editors. They only want to know,
"What have you done for me lately?"

A Growing Problem: Augusta Tree Commission Chairman Leroy Simkins spoke to
commissioners about city employees committing crape murder and butchery on
Riverwalk Augusta, chain-saw massacres on ancient oaks, camellia carnage in
Summerville and other arboricultural atrocities. He said every great city in the
country has "a serious tree program, a serious tree commission and at least one
department that is primarily concerned with what the city looks like."

"I've had the good fortune of visiting a number of countries, even Third World
countries," he said. "And I can tell you gentlemen, the tree program in
Windhoek, Namibia, is better than the one in Augusta, Ga."

That was Monday. On Thurs-day, the mayor's office issued a news release saying
Augusta has been recognized by the nonprofit Arbor Day Foundation as a Tree City
USA community for the 22nd year.

Maybe the Arbor Day Founda-tion folks are like those at Forbes magazine who
ranked Augusta, with its 9.2 percent unemployment rate, as the 23rd-strongest
metro area in the nation. They make you wonder whether they've ever been here,
or been here lately anyway.

The Day The Earth Stood Still: In an item slugged "Maybe It Was 45 Minutes for a
Takeout" last week, City Ink related a vignette from the commission meeting
attended by Sheriff Ron-nie Strength in which Commis-sioner J.R. Hatney said he
didn't want the sheriff to think he was "being funny" but that he remembered a
wreck in the Red Lob-ster "yard" about a year and a half ago that "took 45
minutes to get police."

I thought that sounded a little fishy, so I asked the sheriff for a list of
wrecks on the Red Lobster lot and at the adjacent intersection of Walton Way and
Gordon Highway the past two years.

As it turns out, there were 62 wrecks at those locations, and the maximum time
it took for a patrol car to arrive was 20 minutes.

No Limit To What You Can Accomplish If You Don't Care Who Gets The Credit: A
ranter called The Chronicle to complain that I hadn't done my research when I
wrote in last week's column that Clay Boardman, Pete Caye and Barry Storey were
major donors who helped pay the $7,500 cost of bringing John Camp-bell of
Campbell DeLong Resources Inc. to Augusta to talk about creating a chronic
nuisance property ordinance. He said three "concerned citizens" had donated
individually more than those three combined.

"There is no doubt these men are interested in helping, but to say they were
major donors is to belittle the efforts of so many 'average people' who want
things to change," the ranter ranted.

Belittle the efforts of so many average people? Please.

What happened is that during one of Campbell's sessions, Butch Palmer, an active
member of the Harrisburg Neighborhood Association, said the three men were
"major donors." I concluded that must be the case when Campbell met privately
with Boardman, Caye and Storey in the final session of the two-day event. I
mean, Butch ought to know.

Then after Friday's meeting of the city's committee formed to work on a chronic
nuisance property ordinance, I told Harris-burg Neighborhood Asso-ciation member
Lori Davis about the complaint, and she said her husband was the one who made
it. She said they were very angry because they and Pal-mer were chief donors,
not Board-man, Caye and Storey.

I said Butch told me they were, and she said she knew that, but that I shouldn't
listen to him. Bowles, the chairman of the ordinance committee, agreed.

"Only listen to Butch about your makeup and hairdos," he said.

"That's right," said Butch, who calls himself a "recovering hairdresser."

A Cow And Bull Story: Last week, I told you I'd be milking a story about the
city of Blythe's efforts to get a cow out of town. As it turns out, the cow is
actually something quite different, though certified letters from the city to
owner Betty Saxon of Piney Grove Road stated she was in violation of the city's
zoning ordinance because she had not removed a cow and goat from her property in
a residential district.

The city and planning commission have been trying since August to get Saxon to
remove the cow - and the goat, too, until it died - but she keeps missing
deadlines. The cow supposedly is being used for therapy for Saxon's son, Lemuel
James Chester.

Mayor Pat Cole asked city attorney Chris Dube to check to see whether any type
of variance could be applied for if, in essence, the doctor wrote Chester a
prescription for a therapy cow, but he couldn't find one. So at least one of
Saxon's neighbors will ask the planning commission to change the zoning
ordinance during Tuesday's planning commission meeting at Blythe City Hall.

When I heard the cow wasn't what it was purported to be, I called City Clerk
Loriann Chancey, who had previously said it was a cow, to ask her what was up,
and she said as far as she knew it was a "bull-cow."

"A bull-cow?" I said with a laugh. "I didn't know there was such a thing."

"I haven't inspected him, so I don't know, but I believe it is a bull-cow," she
said.

Well, there goes the warm-milk-makes-you-feel-better defense they could have
used at an ADA hearing.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228or sylvia.cooper7@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 1, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

49ers poised for another run // 29 poised for another chase

BYLINE: Larry Weisman

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 389 words


George Seifert has two words for those wondering if the San Francisco 49ers can
win another Super Bowl: "Why not?"

The 49ers coach neither minimizes the challenge of repeating nor belittles the
efforts of 29 other clubs to dethrone the reigning champions. Seifert simply
understands the circumstances.

The 49ers won back-to-back titles in 1989-90. The institutional memory of what
it takes remains strong. And with the exception of running back Ricky Watters
and cornerback Deion Sanders - big exceptions to be sure - the 49ers return all
the starters who helped them to their 49-26 victory against San Diego in Super
Bowl XXIX.

"We have a couple of new people but the majority of the people who helped us win
the Super Bowl and understand what it takes to win are still here," Pro Bowl
safety Merton Hanks says. "We're still pretty cohesive."

Five teams have won consecutive Super Bowls - Green Bay, Pittsburgh twice,
Miami, Dallas and the 49ers. San Francisco's total of five Super Bowl wins tops
the NFL.

For the 49ers to end up at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Ariz., Jan. 28 for Super
Bowl XXX, they'll likely need to beat the Cowboys at least once and maybe twice.
They meet Nov. 12 at Texas Stadium and, if form holds, for a fourth consecutive
season in the NFC championship game.

The Cowboys, in year two of the Barry Switzer regime, want another taste of what
the 49ers took from them last January when they sought a third consecutive Super
Bowl title.

The rest of the league hopes to have gained some ground on the front-runners.

"It's obvious they both lost some players and some guys are getting a little bit
older. We're doing some things to come up the ladder and we've got hope they're
stepping back a little," Chicago coach Dave Wannstedt says.

The AFC's hopes for ending an 11-year Super Bowl drought seem to center around
Miami and New England. The Dolphins, much touted the last two seasons, lost a
playoff heartbreaker to the Chargers in January, blowing a 12-point halftime
lead.

The Patriots, with hot quarterback Drew Bledsoe, face increased expectations
after their exciting run to the playoffs in 1994. Other contenders: the Raiders,
re-energized by their return to Oakland after 13 years in Los Angeles, defending
AFC champion San Diego and defensive-minded Pittsburgh and Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: September 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY (2)

FOOTBALL PREVIEW/KICKOFF 95 BONUS SECTION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              210 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Regulations Could  Short-Circuit A Clean, Reliable Power Source

BYLINE: F.J. Remick

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 697  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


It is both shortsighted and unfortunate that the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency has again turned its back on nuclear power plants as a source of
carbon-free electricity and again belittles nuclear energy's crucial role in
reducing America's carbon footprint.

Nuclear energy accounts for nearly two-thirds of the nation's emission-free
electricity, which is more than four times greater than solar, wind and
hydropower combined. Nuclear plants, on average, deliver electricity on demand
approximately 90 percent of the time, compared to less than 20 percent for wind
turbines in Pennsylvania and even less for solar arrays.

Yet EPA treats nuclear energy as the energy source of last resort. Rather than
recognize the importance of the U.S. fleet of 100 nuclear plants, EPA has
proposed a carbon-reduction rule for electricity production that is skewed
against nuclear energy. The rule would require Pennsylvania to reduce its carbon
emissions 31.7 percent by 2030. Though there is no logic to it, EPA reduces the
contribution of some of Pennsylvania's existing nuclear-generating capacity when
determining states' target emission rates.

This is not the first time EPA has excluded nuclear energy in its mix of
preferred "green" energy sources. A few years ago, when energy mandates were
being considered, EPA chose to exclude nuclear from energy sources categorized
as renewable. While EPA rightfully sets carbon-reduction goals , it should not
arbitrarily decide which technologies should be used to reach those goals.

Instead of tilting the tables against nuclear power, EPA should recognize its
value as a safe, economic, dependable and carbon-free means of generating
electricity. Failure to do so could result in the loss of more nuclear plants.
Already two safe and valuable nuclear plants - Kewaunee in Wisconsin and Vermont
Yankee - were forced to close this year due to competition from cheap natural
gas and subsidized wind power. Several nuclear plants in Illinois and New York
are said to be in jeopardy. Vermont electricity costs are increasing
dramatically as a result, and shortages are predicted due to inadequate natural
gas pipelines to supply the region.

Make no mistake, if any nuclear plants in Pennsylvania or in other states close
prematurely, EPA deserves some of the blame for questioning nuclear energy's
contribution as a zero-carbon energy source.

What's even odder is that EPA penalizes states that currently have nuclear
plants under construction. It treats these five plants - two each in Georgia and
South Carolina and one in Tennessee - as if they're already operating at 90
percent capacity. In fact, they're not expected to go online until between 2016
and 2018. Adding potential electricity output from the plants in EPA's
rate-setting formula reduces the state's carbon intensity target, thereby
devaluing nuclear energy.

For over 57 years, commercial nuclear power plants in the U.S. have had an
outstanding operating record. They should get better treatment and recognition
for being a reliable source of environmentally friendly electricity. Without
nuclear power, there is no way the U.S. can meet its goal of reducing carbon
emissions 80 percent compared to 2005 levels by 2050.

Fully recognizing the importance of nuclear energy in reducing America's carbon
footprint would send an important signal to state public utility commissions.
And, at a time when we are urging countries such as China and India to reduce
their carbon emissions, the U.S. position on nuclear energy needs to be rational
and crystal clear.

It would indeed be ironic if those nations adopted EPA's formula for penalizing
nuclear energy's contribution to carbon-free electricity, the best proven energy
source available for carbon mitigation.

n Forrest J. Remick is emeritus professor of nuclear engineering and emeritus
associate vice president for research at the Pennsylvania State University and a
retired commissioner of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Prior to 2001,
he also served as a safety consultant for such nuclear power companies as
Westinghouse, Southern Co. and Nebraska Public Power District and was on the
board of the Public Service Enterprise Group.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: F.J. Remick Special To Lnp

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 25, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Simply Good Manners

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 345 words


In defending the University of Illinois' use of Chief Illiniwek as its mascot,
George Will, with predictable and one-note disdain for liberal compassion,
belittles civil rights laws that lack specifics [op-ed, March 9]. Will suggests
the mascots should therefore remain -- and in any case that Native Americans
should take the mascot as a compliment.

It might be worth remembering that America's progress in racial and ethnic
respect has been as much a product of enforceable laws as it has of simple good
manners and understanding. A reasonable person seeks not to offend,
particularly, as your Miss Manners might point out, when the other party meets
you more than half way.

Consider the understanding and patience it takes, for example, for Native
Americans to see the Washington Redskins on national television, who have a
mascot similar to Illiniwek. It surely requires emotional restraint when the
Cleveland Indians' mascot, a buffoonish caricature, stumbles around during the
national pastime.

The list here, of course, is endless. Most cowboy movies of a certain era are
perhaps the most common. In his piece, Will worries for those movies' survival.

On the mascot question, I offer two recent examples of communities coming
together: Two years ago the owners of a new minor league baseball team in Iowa
first considered using the name Sioux City Sioux. Open-mindedly, they listened
to the concerns of the Indian community. Soon after, the team became the Sioux
City Explorers.

At St. John's University in Brooklyn, N.Y., the same kinds of questions have
been asked and answered. In June, the school changed its team name from the
Redmen to the Red Storm. It was done willingly and without any legal pressure.
There were no tantrums or bookish diatribes on legal subtleties. Just good
manners, gladly given. Oh, and by the way, the school reports that the student
body kind of likes the new logo better -- and I suspect for more than just the
look of it.

-- John Blackhawk

The writer is chairman of the Winnebago Tribe of Nebraska.


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              212 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday

Donate locally so pets, owners can be reunited;
LETTERS TO THE VALLEY TIMES

SECTION: Pg. Q4

LENGTH: 901 words


As an animal rescue volunteer and Louisiana native, I'm asking anyone planning a
donation to Katrina's animal victims, to consider medium and smaller local
charities in Louisiana.

The efforts of medium and small organizations have already been phenomenal in
rescuing homeless pets and reuniting pets and owners.

Importantly, local animal charities will continue working to save Louisiana's
homeless pets long after the media and the country's attention leaves the
Katrina-battered area.

Although well-intentioned, organizations taking pets out of Louisiana are
actually making it probable that these pets will never be reunited with their
original owners.

We shouldn't belittle the impact of someone finding their pet.

We've all heard the story of the little boy who lost his family dog, Snowball.
The search for the dog continues.

For people who have lost all worldly possessions, or worse, even family members,
reunification with a pet affords some comfort and normalcy in their lives.

By funding local organizations, you will help keep pets in the Louisiana area,
which will result in many happy reunifications.

One such local animal rescue organization is The Louisiana State University
Veterinary Medical School in Baton Rouge, just an hour north of New Orleans.

The school offers a variety of programs to help Katrina's human and animal
victims, including: boarding evacuees' pets in veterinary clinics, aiding the
transfer of pets, helping people travel with pets, and rescuing and housing
homeless pets from disaster areas.

For more information on these programs, go to www.vetmed.lsu.edu

More on Pardee

I've been reading many letters regarding the Pardee project lately, most of
which are against this development.

The majority cite a number of issues including traffic impacts, various
increased costs to the city, urban growth, etc.

We already are being inundated with traffic coming from areas all around us --
Tracy, Brentwood, and the latest, Mountain House.

Anyone who thinks this growth will not continue is not paying attention. With
the Pardee project, we will at least get something in return for the traffic
increase.

With any new development there will always be associated costs. From what I'm
reading, Pardee is sharing in most or all of the costs in question.

The Livermore Area Recreation and Parks District argument about where will they
get the personnel necessary to maintain the park is ludicrous.

Would anyone refuse a new car because they couldn't afford the gas? (OK, bad
example). Why do we even have an LARPD? Make all of the parks part of the East
Bay Regional Parks District and eliminate another useless entity in Livermore
government.

A more laughable snide against Pardee is that it is part of a large conglomerate
and will make a bunch of money.

When was the last time anyone went to work and decided to work for free?

I live on the south side of town and have watched pristine agricultural land
give way to $1 million homes. Was that land less worthy of protection? I think
not.

Ivins is right

Molly Ivins is right in her Valley Times column of Sept. 8. While most are
focusing on the slow government response following Katrina, the disaster for New
Orleans started unfolding long before the hurricane.

The local authorities knew what was needed to better protect their city from a
strong hurricane, but the funds were not forthcoming from Washington to
strengthen the levees and restore the marshlands.

This is the product of ideologues who feel government is an unmitigated evil.

Their watchword is: "Take care of your own needs -- don't look to us for
assistance."

We've now seen the consequences of that philosophy unfold before us: the
unnecessary death of thousands in Louisiana.

If the levees had been strengthened as requested, it's likely many of those
killed by the flooding would be alive today.

In light of the scope of this tragedy, can we expect a softer attitude from the
White House and Congress toward the role of government in protecting its
citizens? Don't bet on it!

A settled issue

This is a rebuttal to Hammad Hammad Aug. 24 and Syed Rehan, Aug. 26.

Rehan agrees Palestinian language, culture, food, dance and songs are all Middle
East Arabic. Not Palestinian.

I am not challenging your existence, just your invented nationality.

When the Muslim Arabs claim Holy Islamic land is given to them by Allah, then it
is God-given.

When the Jews quote the Holy Quran that Allah has assigned the Jews the
Holyland, Sura 5, Para. 20-21, then it is not God-given. Why?

A true perspective of the Arab-Israel conflict is, the Jews have returned to
Israel after 2,000 years of exile.

These Arabs invaded Israel at the turn of the century as cheap labor.

They are squatters, and are a product of generations of illegal occupation.

Does this entitle them to steal Israel?

The entire Arab-Israeli problem was solved in 1947, when the United Nations
partitioned Israel for the Jews and Jordan for Arab Palestine.

So what happened?

Jordan stole the West Bank of Israel from the Jews in the war of 1948, and the
Jews recaptured it in the war of 1967. So why is the West Bank of Israel a
disputed problem?

Because after the 1948 war, Arab's illegal occupation of the West Bank of Israel
occurred. Now these invented Palestinians feel they have squatter rights, and
want a second homeland to destroy Israel.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   February 2, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Streaking Penguins belittle Rangers; League's top-scoring team blasts off to
best start in eight years

BYLINE: AP; CP

SECTION: SPORTS; NHL ROUNDUP; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH


The Pittsburgh Penguins continued their best NHL start in eight years last night
when they turned Chris Joseph's go- ahead goal in the third period into a 4-3
victory over the New York Rangers.

The Penguins are 6-0 - their best start since they opened 7-0 in 1986-87 - while
the defending Stanley Cup-champion Rangers slipped to 2-5.

Joe Mullen, Ron Francis and Tomas Sandstrom also scored for the Penguins.
Jaromir Jagr was held without a point for the first time in 15 games dating to
last season, but the Penguins' Ken Wregget again was strong in goal to win his
sixth in a row in place of the injured Tom Barrasso.

* VANCOUVER - The Toronto Maple Leafs staged a furious third- period rally on
goals by Mike Craig, Mike Gartner and Mike Ridley to pull out a 4-4 tie against
the Vancouver Canucks.

Dmitri Mironov scored the other Toronto goal in the first period as the Leafs
stretched their unbeaten string to three games.

* CALGARY - German Titov's short-handed goal midway in the third period gave the
Calgary Flames a 2-1 victory over Detroit Red Wings.

Titov's third goal of the season came at 9:05 of the third when the puck
deflected past goalie Chris Osgood for a 2-0 Calgary lead.

* OTTAWA - Two goals in the opening period were enough for the Hartford Whalers
to pick up their second victory of the season as they beat the Ottawa Senators
2-1.

* DALLAS - Mike Modano established career highs with six points and four assists
to lead the Dallas Stars to their first home victory of the season, 9-2 over the
Anaheim Mighty Ducks.

* EDMONTON - The Edmonton Oilers hit an all-time low in the stands and on the
ice, losing 7-0 to the Chicago Blackhawks before a crabby crowd of about 8,000.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP/ Whalers' Pat Verbeek and Senators' Randy Cunneyworth battle for
puck.

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

30 former GOP lawmakers denounce Donald Trump in letter

LENGTH: 648  words


Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Reno,
Nevada, October 5, 2016. (Photo by Reuters)

More than two dozen former Republican lawmakers have released a scathing open
letter saying they cannot vote for the GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump in
the general election because he lacks the intelligence and temperament to be
president.

"In nominating Donald Trump, the Republican Party has asked the people of the
United States to entrust their future to a man who insults women, mocks the
handicapped, urges that dissent be met with violence, seeks to impose religious
tests for entry into the United States, and applies a de facto ethnicity test to
judges," reads the letter, which was signed by 30 former members of Congress.

"He offends our allies and praises dictators. His public statements are peppered
with lies. He belittles our heroes and insults the parents of men who have died
serving our country," it continues.

Among the letter's signatories are those former lawmakers who have openly
denounced Trump from the start, including former Sen. Gordon Humphrey of New
Hampshire and Vin Weber, a former representative from Minnesota.

However, more than half of the former members on the list are announcing their
opposition to the party's nominee for the first time.

"Every day brings a fresh revelation that highlights the unacceptable danger in
electing him to lead our nation," they say.

Former US Senator from New Hampshire Gordon Humphrey (C) is a leader in the
"Never Trump" movement. (File photo by Reuters)

The letter makes no mention of Hillary Clinton, but organizer Andrew Weinstein
said some signatories will vote for the Democratic nominee and others may vote
for former Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, CNN reported.

"Given the enormous power of the office, every candidate for president must be
judged rigorously in assessing whether he or she has the competence,
intelligence, knowledge, understanding, empathy, judgment, and temperament
necessary to keep America on a safe and steady course," the former lawmakers
write. "Donald Trump fails on each of those measures, and he has proven himself
manifestly unqualified to be president."

The signatories are also urging fellow Republicans not to vote for "this man
whose disgraceful candidacy is indefensible."

"This is no longer about our party; it's now about America. We may differ on how
we will cast our ballots in November but none of us will vote for Donald Trump."

The letter was circulated among congressional Republicans by former Oklahoma
Rep. Mickey Edwards and former Missouri Rep. Tom Coleman.

The following is the complete list of former Republican congressmen who signed
the letter, as reported by CNN:

· Steve Bartlett (TX)

· Bob Bauman (MD)

· Sherwood Boehlert (NY)

· Jack Buechner (MO)

· Tom Campbell (CA)

· Bill Clinger (PA)

· Tom Coleman (MO)

· Geoff Davis (KY)

· Mickey Edwards (OK)

· Harris Fawell (IL)

· Ed Foreman (TX, NM)

· Amo Houghton, Jr. (NY)

· Gordon Humphrey (Senator, NH)

· Bob Inglis (SC)

· Jim Kolbe (AZ)

· Steve Kuykendall (CA)

· Jim Leach (IA)

· Pete McCloskey (CA)

· Connie Morella (MD)

· Mike Parker (MS)

· Tom Petri (WI)

· John Porter (IL)

· Claudine Schneider (RI)

· John "Joe" Schwarz (MI)

· Chris Shays (CT)

· Peter Smith (VT)

· Edward Weber (OH)

· Vin Weber (MN)

· G. William Whitehurst (VA)

· Dick Zimmer (NJ)

Trump's campaign has been marred by controversy from the beginning, including
disparaging remarks against immigrants, Muslims and women. The billionaire
businessman has called for a ban on Muslims entering the US. He has vowed to
deport all undocumented immigrants from the country and build a towering wall
along the US-Mexico border.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/26/147584966448.jpg

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Reno,
Nevada, October 5, 2016. (Photo by Reuters)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/81/147584966704.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          October 11, 2000, Wednesday

VEEP HAD BETTER NOT BELITTLE BIG TOBACCO HERE

BYLINE: Steve Dunleavy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 726 words


WINSTON-SALEM, N.C.

AL GORE, straining to get into "The Guinness Book of Records" for serving up
more Whoppers than Burger King, must be on his best behavior tonight.

None of this accusing George W. Bush of being a hand servant to Big Oil or
particularly Big Tobacco as he has done in the past.

This is a bad ring to fight in, Al.

This town in general, and this campus of Wake Forest University in particular,
was almost built brick by brick by tobacco.

"Look at the city," said Brian Shiller, editor of The Old Black and Gold, the
campus newspaper for Wake Forest.

"Down the road is R.J. Reynolds in Winston-Salem. Up the road in Richmond is
Marlboro and Philip Morris."

Shiller, 21, was neither defending nor attacking. He was just saying you can't
get away from the name Reynolds in Winston-Salem. The money they made after they
arrived here at the turn of the century were phone numbers with a couple of
zeroes added.

But they gave as good as they got.

Streets, foundations, buildings, airports, campus houses bear that name.

The Reynolds family put this town on the map and virtually gave Wake Forest,
founded in 1834, almost all the very land on which today it sits.

So much for the evil weed of which Al Gore's family made fortunes in Tennessee.
And so much for his flip-flop of his family heritage that made him a rich man.
Well, there he goes again.

In September 1988, in the beautiful Wait Chapel, where the debate will be held
tonight, there was another debate.

That was when Dubya's father, George Bush, started his trip to the White House
by thrashing Democrat rival Michael Dukakis to shreds.

So I walk around the magnificent Wait Chapel, which tonight will house 2,250
interested parties, and ask the kids what they think about tonight's punch-up.

"I'm really what you call an independent voter," said 21-year-old Katie
Spraldin. "I don't know how I'm going to vote, but I just want them to answer
the questions they are asked without making a speech."

Said Matthew Reynders, 19, of Iowa: "She's right. I do lean toward Gore, but I
wish politicians would start telling me what I want to know, rather than what
they think I would like to hear."

His friend Chris Doern, also of Iowa, said: "The last time around they tossed
the rules out of the window, you know, and we didn't know what was going on."

What about Gore's problem with arm wrestling with the truth?

"In his zeal to make a point, he rolled back to his childishness, sloppiness on
his part. He goes too far," Shiller said.

It should be said, honestly, that Shiller, who leans to the liberal, is no great
fan of George W. Bush either.

But one voice here came out this week that slowed a lot of people down.

Stephen Carter, author and professor of law at Yale University, opened this
university's 166th academic year and talked about that terrible "E" word -
ethics. He would like to hear from the candidates a little bit more about faith,
any faith.

"I do want to hear about religious faith if [the candidates] want to talk about
it ... if [religious faith] changes them, makes them different people, then it
surely will affect how they govern," Carter proposed.

"We are letting them tell us they are religious without telling us anything
about how it affects their views on issues."

From this sinner's point of view, sounds pretty reasonable. But at the same
time, in this confusing millennium, Wake Forest senior Michael de Groof is
Playboy magazine's on-campus representative.

"Playboy wants pictures of you," say some signs on campus, which are
enthusiastically promoted by de Groof.

"Playboy wants to see you do wild and crazy things in Playboy T-shirts," is
Mike's mild hustle, who insists it's for the Playboy Web site, not for the
magazine, and has nothing to do with nudity. Not surprisingly, feminists are
locking and loading.

What a curious place this beautiful campus is.

It is where Gore dare not mention tobacco, it is where another Bush took the
carcass like Grant took Richmond, it is where a decent professor asks for a
modicum of ethics and Playboy is loving every second of its naughtiness.

The truth is, Bill Clinton would have been much more comfortable here.


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLLEGE CREDIT: At Manatee Community College in Bradenton, Fla., Al
Gore calls for tax credits for college education.  AP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              216 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 1, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Celtics haven't remedied all problems

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: SPORTS; BASKETBALL COMMENTARY; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 959 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The Celtics still exceed the salary cap at every position. Larry Bird still is
retired. Robert Parish still isn't getting any younger. Kevin McHale's left
ankle still might as well be attached to Bill Walton's foot. The point guard
situation is still an if, and or but. And the team is still peerless at getting
back slowly on defense.

Nevertheless, Boston has won three in a row.

What's that?

Oh, OK, fine, sure, no problem, be my guest. Take over the space, do my job, be
negative, be a cynic, be a skeptic, belittle the fact that two of 'em were at
home against the battered Bullets (no Pervis Ellison and Rex Chapman) and
Kendall Gill-less Hornets (plus Larry Johnson got ejected in the third quarter).

And while you're at it, don't dare blow the opportunity to mock, snear, scorn,
ridicule, be contemptuous and devalue the Celts' other victory, too, against the
skid-row 76ers at the bummed-out Spectrum; an arena that should think about
giving guns confisicated from New York high school students to their fans so
they can feel safe walking to their cars in parking lots that stretch to Camden,
N.J. Next time, I'm taking the plane to the car.

At any rate, before automatically downgrading the Celts' mini-streak, keep in
mind these weren't the Dallas Cowlicks they beat. Their opponents weren't the
Warriors and Jazz at home. They weren't the Knicks 27 hours after crushing the
Bulls.

Moreover, it's not as if the Celts haven't shown any improvement since racking
up six losses in a row:

- Reggie Lewis has the lift back in his game.

- Xavier McDaniel's enthusiasm, aggression and post-up moves have returned.

- Dee Brown and Rick Fox, now starting, have given the team the oomph,
communication and help defense it has been missing (for Boston's sake, there'd
better be more on the way) from the opening tip.

- Kevin Gamble's more comfortable coming off the bench.

- McHale is strikingly more active, mobile and pain-free.

- Plus, Sherman Douglas actually hit an open jump shot (teams will be giving it
to him for the rest of his career) against the 76ers. Several of 'em, in fact.

''It's very satisfying to see the guys straighten up to the challenge,'' says
Chris Ford. ''We were buried early. We could have fallen apart. We could have
packed it in.''

Naturally, Ford wouldn't be any kind of a coach if he let them do something as
sophomoric and cowardly as that. He's not a man who takes mistakes lightly or
tolerates anything resembling lack of effort.

When the Celts ended their six-game drought against Washington, it was no
surprise they recorded 150 points in the process.

''Coach had been layin' us out the last few games before that,'' says Lewis.
''He had some words, that's for sure.

''But that's not what prompted us to score 150. It's not what he said. We knew
what we had to do. We needed a win.''

Now they need a meaningful win. Tonight, they play the Cavaliers in Cleveland
and return to Boston Garden the following evening to meet the Bulls.

''The thing we have to realize,'' says Ford, ''is they'll never be an easy
victory. I want the players to know they've got to play hard every game. They
must have that attitude and bring it to the arena every night. That's the
toughest thing to get out of players in today's day and age.''

 BIG BUCKS: San Antonio's Jerry Tarkanian says the Bucks' Mike Dunleavy is the
best coach he has gone up against. Let's face it, if the Bucks are the season's
biggest positive shock, playmaker Eric Murdock has to be their most significant
surprise. The second-year pro can get into the middle of the defense against
anyone and distribute for a layup when converged upon.

Dunleavy, I submit, had no idea how good Murdock was, either. The primary guy he
traded Jay Humphries (and Larry Krystkowiak) to get was Blue Edwards. What
you've got to love about the Edwards is when his offense deserts him, he wins
games with his rebounding. Not many 6-4 guys outside Charles Barkley's body can
make that claim.

 HOLE IN MIDDLE: The Warriors are beginning to call around the league again in
search of a center, but they aren't going to get anyone of consequence, it says
here, unless Chris Mullin is included. ... Rodney McCray's intensity level has
been down so long playing for losers, it's taking time getting it back to where
the Bulls must play every night in order to win. ... Name somebody more adroit
than the Knicks' Charles Oakley at going after loose balls and loose bodies.

 LEFT OUT: No right-handed big man has a more deft left than Armon Gilliam.
Larry Nance and Christian Laettner fall in right behind. ... Last time the
Knicks had a competent backup center like Herb Williams was when Bill Cartwright
caddied for Patrick Ewing. Or was it the other way around? ... The Bulls and
Hawks are on the lookout for young, big guard. Either Todd Lichti or Mark Macon
figures to be available (so Nuggets can increase their size) when Bryan Stith
returns to duty in a month or so. Meanwhile, their market value increases.

 CLIFF NOTE: No disrespect to Kurt Rambis and Ed Nealy, but how do they warrant
a second chance this season, and the original Cliff Robinson can't get one?
Wasn't anybody paying attention at the end of last season when the veteran
forward distinguished himself with the Lakers? The talent's there - he can shoot
and rebound - he's in decent condition and he minded his own business in L.A.

 NOT IN SCRIPTURE: Cavaliers assistant Brian Winters was in church with his
family one Sunday last year, listening to the sermon. It had to do with pre-
Christ sacrifices to God, how the people would offer up calves and bulls.

''Cavs and Bulls!'' Kevin Winters, 6, suddenly chirped up. ''Are we playing the
Bulls tonight?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Duane Burleson, AP

CUTLINE: LOOKING BETTER: Celtics forward Kevin McHale has shown signs he's
getting over his leg injuries.

NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              217 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          October 25, 1972, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 32, Column 7

LENGTH: 29 words

Vice Pres Agnew charges Sen McGovern's ideals about govt, which he belittles as
'McGovernment,' represent retardation of dem processes, Oct 24 speeches, Utica
and Syracuse, NY

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              218 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Second loss stings for Oklahoma, Stoops

BYLINE: Dan Wolken, dwolken@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 680 words


The knee-jerk thing to do is to call Oklahoma a fraud, to belittle the Sooners
for failing to live up to their preseason ranking (again) and to crack jokes
about "Big Game" Bob Stoops not winning big games anymore.

All of that is very easy today after the Sooners, a team many pegged for the
first College Football Playoff, lost 31-30 to Kansas State and all but fell out
of the race. With losses to TCU and the Wildcats, it's hard to envision a
scenario in which Oklahoma can win the Big 12 or really be considered among the
top four teams in the country at the end of the season.

Some will point out that this continues a recent trend of years in which
Oklahoma has started in the top five but finished outside the top 10, including
2009, 2011 and 2012. Some will point out that Stoops, after winning a national
title in his second season, lost three subsequent trips to the Bowl Championship
Series title game and hasn't gotten back since 2008. Some will take those data
points and conclude that Stoops is overrated as a coach and can never win
another title.

But the best way to measure coaches is sometimes as simple as looking at their
Wikipedia page, and here's what Stoops' indicates: in 15 previous seasons as a
head coach, he has been to nine BCS bowls, won eight Big 12 titles and beaten
ranked teams nearly twice as often as he has lost to them. Stoops' run of
consistency over such a long period of time is very difficult to pull off.

It also raises the question, however, of whether Stoops might benefit from a
change of scenery. If this season is a complete flop -- and all indications
point to that as the likely outcome -- Oklahoma fans will appreciate less and
less what has been accomplished in the past and wonder more and more whether he
can get the program back to a top-five level.

It's not totally unfair, either. If Oklahoma hadn't pulled an upset in December
in the Bedlam rivalry game at Oklahoma State -- at the time, the Sooners were
ranked 15th, the Cowboys sixth -- it wouldn't have ended up in the Sugar Bowl,
wouldn't have had the chance to upset Alabama and almost certainly wouldn't have
been No. 3 this preseason. In other words, without that Oklahoma State win, the
entire perception of the Sooners changes, and 2013 is not remembered as a great
year. Combine that alternate reality with the way Oklahoma has started 2014, and
Stoops is on his way to a fourth consecutive good, not great season.

That's the fine line all coaches have to walk -- a few plays here or there can
determine the trajectory of seasons and careers -- but fans only want to know
what's at the bottom of the ledger.

Stoops might feel at times as though he's underappreciated by the Oklahoma fan
base and that the standard of competing for championships every year is
unrealistic, but it's the standard he set between 2000 and 2008. If he doesn't
think he can get back to that, it might be tempting to take a look at the NFL or
perhaps a job such as Florida or Michigan if they open up.

At those schools, they won't care about the nitty-gritty of why Oklahoma has
failed to live up to expectations. They just want what's on the Wikipedia page.

The way Saturday's loss played out couldn't have been more ridiculous. The
Sooners got an extra point blocked with 10:35 to go after scoring a touchdown
that should have tied the game and then watched normally reliable kicker Michael
Hunnicutt shank a go-ahead field goal attempt from 19 yards out with 3:53
remaining. That kick followed a poor sequence of plays after Oklahoma drove to
the Kansas State 4-yard line and had first-and-goal. If you're the Sooners, you
have to punch it in there. Have to. Meanwhile, Oklahoma handed Kansas State
seven points in the second quarter when Trevor Knight threw an inexcusable pass
near his own goal line, gift-wrapping a pick six for Danzel McDaniel. When you
make that many egregious mistakes vs. a top-20 opponent, you get what you
deserve.

The rest of the top 10: Florida, Texas A&M, California, Virginia Tech, Baylor,
Tulsa, Arkansas, Stanford and Georgia Tech.

Full Index at ncaaf.usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 8, 2002 Monday 1ST EDITION

Avalanche 4, Blues 2 Avs use one period to belittle Blues

BYLINE: By Adrian Dater, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 634 words


ST. LOUIS - For the Colorado Avalanche, it was another  typical, modern-day NHL
way of winning a game Sunday night: First,  withstand the usual excitable start
by the home team and keep it  close going into the second period. Then, make
your move, quickly  and surgically. Finally, pull back the troops, settle into
defensive battle stations for the duration and hold on.

The Avs executed the battle plan to perfection in beating the  St. Louis Blues
4-2 at the Savvis Center, a big victory that moved  them back into second place
overall in the Western Conference.  Young goalie David Aebischer stopped 30 of
32 shots, and the Avs  killed off two 5-on-3 power-play disadvantages - one for
a full  two minutes - to gain a split of their tough two-game road trip.

'It seemed like we were down a man the whole third period,'  said Aebischer, who
gave starter Patrick Roy a night off. 'But we  killed them off. The PK was
outstanding tonight. I don't know how  many shots we blocked, but it was a lot.'

Taking a look at the first- and third-period shots-on-goal  numbers, you'd think
there would be no way the Avs could have won.  St. Louis outshot Colorado 24-5
and outscored it 2-1 for those 40  minutes, aided by eight power plays to three
for the Avs. The  second period was too much of a body blow for the Blues to
recover.

The Avs chased starting goalie Fred Brathwaite from the game  with three goals
in less than 10 minutes, including one by rookie  Riku Hahl on a shot from
center ice. After Greg de Vries beat  Brathwaite with a wrist shot from near the
blue line to give  Colorado a 3-1 lead, Blues coach Joel Quenneville - who must
be  wondering what his team would be like with a proven veteran in net  - had
seen enough. In came Austrian rookie Reinhard Divis for his  first career
appearance, at age 26.

The Avs didn't exactly test Divis from there, putting just two  shots on him in
the third period. But that's the way teams win  now. Do your heavy lifting early
or midway through a game, then  sit back a little and make the other team beat
you. The trouble  is, the Blues almost did, getting 15 shots in the third
period.

'Every time we tried to press in the third, we got a penalty,'  said Avs
defenseman Adam Foote, who played nearly 29 minutes and  was plus-1. 'It's hard
to press when you're always in the box.'

The turning point might have been when the Avs killed off a  two-minute, 5-on-3
disadvantage at 16:36 of the first period,  after Darius Kasparaitis and Scott
Parker were called for  penalties at the same time. The Blues had a 1-0 lead on
a Keith  Tkachuk goal and were playing well. But the Avs didn't give St.  Louis
any passing lanes to Tkachuk in front, causing Blues point  men Al MacInnis and
Jeff Finley to hold the puck too long and  settle for long shots that frequently
were blocked. The Avs  blocked 24 shots overall to 11 for St. Louis.

'You've got to  give them credit,' Quenneville said. 'They did a lot of diving
and  blocking. We had good energy in the first and lacked it in the  second.
That was the difference in the game.'

Brathwaite's meltdown in net was the other difference. Hahl,  the Finnish
rookie, got good wood on his shot square in the middle  of the large Blues
insignia at center ice, but an NHL goalie never  should be beaten from there.

'But you never know when you shoot the puck,' Avs coach Bob  Hartley said.
'Sometimes good things can happen, and it did for us  there.'

Radim Vrbata and Joe Sakic scored the other Avs goals.  Vrbata's was on a
walk-in down the middle alone, after a setup  drop pass by Alex Tanguay. Sakic
scored into the empty net with  one second left for his first goal in 12 games.


LOAD-DATE: April 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Associated Press/James A. Finley Blues goalie Fred Brathwaite
attempts to defend against the Avs' Greg de Vries during the second period in
St. Louis. Brathwaite was pulled after de Vries scored the Avs' third goal in
the period.

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 13, 1996 Saturday

Lincoln Kirstein founded ballet in America   Brilliant, controversial dance
critic and historian,   poet, author and philanthropist joined forces   with
Balanchine to create the New York City Ballet

BYLINE: PENELOPE DOOB; SPCL

LENGTH: 1187 words


BY PENELOPE DOOB
Special to the Globe and Mail
 LINCOLN Kirstein, who died at home in New York on Jan. 5 at the age of
88, described himself in Who's Who as a "ballet promoter." This
unpretentious terminology cannot conceal the reality: Lincoln Kirstein was
Sergei Diaghilev's peer - perhaps even his superior - as a grand and
visionary impresario of the arts, just as, for many, Kirstein's long-time
partner, George Balanchine, was the choreographer of the century.
Together, Kirstein and Balanchine can justifiably be honoured as the
founders not merely of the New York City Ballet but of American ballet.

Yet this praise, extravagant as it may seem, belittles Kirstein's
achievement. Even without Balanchine and the New York City Ballet,
Kirstein would be remembered in a dazzling array of arts-related fields:
as a brilliant and controversial dance critic and historian; a
distinguished if minor poet praised warmly by W. H. Auden, who dedicated a
poem to him; a philanthropist whose gifts enhance such important
collections as the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Dance Collection of
the New York Library of the Performing Arts; and author and editor of many
books on painting, sculpture and photography. He was also an entrepreneur-
facilitator who was involved in enterprises from the American Shakespeare
Festival to the 1959 U.S. tour of a Gagaku (Imperial Japanese theatre)
troupe and the New York Pro Musica's staging of the 12th-century The Play
of Daniel in the Cloisters - a production whose success probably set the
scene for several decades of interest in medieval music, culminating in
the recent popularity of Gregorian chant and the compositions of Hildegard
von Bingen.

Born in Rochester, N.Y., in 1907, to a highly cultivated family,
Kirstein grew up in Boston, where his father was a partner in Filene's
Department Store. Kirstein's life-long love affair with ballet began at
the age of 9, when his parents refused to let him see Nijinsky and the
Ballets Russes.

"I had wept so bitterly at the death of the soprano in La Boheme," he
later reflected, "that perhaps she feared the effect of Nijinsky's
electrifying mortality on my temperament."

For weeks Kirstein fantasized running away to join a ballet company,
but his artistic bent was soon redirected: he bought his first art work at
the age of 10; at 15, visiting his sister in England, he met her coterie
of friends in the Bloomsbury set, conversing with Lytton Strachey, J. M.
Keynes, and E. M. Forster, and then, as an undergraduate at Harvard, he
co-founded both the Harvard Society for Contemporary Art - generally
credited as the force behind the eventual establishment of New York's
Museum of Modern Art - and the respected literary magazine Hound and Horn.

During his Harvard years, Kirstein regularly travelled to Europe to see
the Diaghilev ballet, which he later described as "far more than Harvard,
my real education." By chance, in 1929 he happened upon a magnificent
funeral in Venice, attended by vaguely familiar mourners. A few days later
he discovered that this had been Diaghilev's funeral, and Kirstein, always
a spiritual man (he later converted to Catholicism and to the metaphysical
teachings of G. I. Gurdjieff), took this as a sign: dance would be his
calling.

As an adult, Kirstein had no illusions about becoming a dancer. His
first dance classes, with choreographer Mikhail Fokine, were disastrous
(Kirstein was far too old to begin, and much too tall). But by 1933, three
years after graduating from Harvard, he found his vision of what would one
day be the New York City Ballet: a truly American ballet with dancers
trained by an American school performing new American works in a new
American style. Having been struck by the works of Diaghilev's protege,
George Balanchine, Kirstein arranged a meeting with him with the help of
Romola Nijinsky, whose memoir of her husband Kirstein had ghost-written.
Kirstein offered a school, a company, and artistic freedom; the Russian-
born Balanchine, fascinated by the United States and by its long-legged
women, accepted. (Balanchine died in 1983, at 79.)
   With financial support from family and friends, Kirstein established
the School of American Ballet in Hartford, Connecticut, which opened its
doors to 25 students on Jan. 1, 1934. Balanchine's first American work,
Serenade, was created for the Producing Company of the school.
Simultaneously, Kirstein was producing his first book on dance history (
Dance: A Short History of Theatrical Dancing) and his first collection of
poems (Low Ceiling).

The path to the New York City Ballet did not run smooth, however.
Balanchine and Kirstein formed a connection with the Metropolitan Ballet
in 1935 that fizzled in 1938, and around the same time (1936-1941),
Kirstein launched Ballet Caravan, a small troupe featuring such new U.S.
choreographers as Eugene Loring, Lewis Christensen and William Dollar.

After serving in the Second World War, Kirstein joined with Balanchine
again in 1946, this time to establish Ballet Society. Its performances
were so inspiring that, in 1948, the two were invited to form what would
become the world-famous New York City Ballet, with Balanchine as ballet
master and Kirstein as director general. Today the company has more than
90 dancers, with more than 100 works - most of them by Balanchine - in
active repertoire.

Although he remained a very hands-on director of the company and school
until his retirement in 1989, Kirstein continued an astonishing literary
output, publishing such works as The Drawings of Pavel Tchelichev,
Movement and Metaphor, Quarry: A Collection in Lieu of Memoirs and The
Poems of Lincoln Kirstein.

Joysanne Sidimus, former principal dancer of the National Ballet of
Canada and now director of the Dancer Transition Centre in Toronto,
entered the School of American Ballet when she was 8. She recalls Kirstein
as "a presence in my whole life - a towering, glowering person with his
hands behind his back" who appeared at rehearsal with such luminaries as
Sacheverell Sitwell, W. H. Auden and Leonard Bernstein "to see George
work.' " Sidimus recalls the intense care Kirstein took with artistic
detail, reflected tellingly in his admonition when she was preparing to
restage Serenade for the National Ballet: "Get the costumes right]" And
she speaks of her admiration, growing throughout the years, for "the
greatest Renaissance man of our time."

Poet, scholar, critic, historian, a paradox who combined an
extraordinary and compelling vision with impeccable administrative
capabilities - no wonder Lincoln Kirsten was honoured last year as one of
"50 Great Amricans" by the Library of Congress, or that he received the
Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Benjamin Franklin Award of Britain's
Royal Society of the Arts.

In 1947, Kirstein wrote in a letter to the composer Igor Stravinsky:
"It is wonderful to know that you exist, an island of genius and integrity
in this disastrous world." The same might well have been said of Lincoln
Kirstein, without whose prodigious vitality and insight the world is
diminished.

Penelope Reed Doob is a dance historian, critic and professor of
English, multidisciplinary studies and dance at York University, North
York, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 16, 1995, Thursday

A & E'S 'BIBLE' AN EXCITING WHO-WROTE-IT

SECTION: Television Pg.  97

LENGTH: 352 words

SOME WILL CONSIDER it sacrilege to suggest that the Old Testament that is, the
Torah, the Five Books of Moses was not dictated by God and transcribed, word by
word, by Moses himself.

Others will consider it a comparable transgression to suggest that the Gospels
of Mark, Matthew, Luke and John do not represent the literal words of Jesus
Christ as set down by those disciples or that at least some of the volumes of
letters written by Paul were not written by Paul.

Sunday night at 8, the A & E cable channel devotes three hours to the question
"Who Wrote the Bible?" The program, written and produced by Lionel Friedberg for
Multimedia Entertainment and FilmRoos, arises from Multimedia's on-going
"Mysteries of the Bible" syndicated series, parts of which regularly appear in A
& E's Friday night "Ancient Mysteries" hour.

What you will not see in this special is anyone who belittles or minimizes the
importance of the many sacred texts they discuss.

Quite the opposite. Friedberg and his colleagues interviewed a large number of
respectful, even reverent, scholars and professors of religion drawn from an
exhaustive list of institutions of learning. They include New York University,
Yeshiva University, University of Notre Dame, University of Chicago, University
of California at San Diego, Loyola Marymount, DePaul University and Catholic
University, as well as the Metiva Center for Jewish Wisdom and the Kabbalah
Centre.

The program also allows literalists Rev. Jerry Falwell, for example to state
their beliefs for the record, although the body of scholarship presented clearly
outweighs such a position, whether held by fundamentalist Christian or Orthodox
Jew.

The program can get tedious, not because of its overwhelming detail but because
of the Sunday-school tone that narrator Richard Kiley sometimes adopts. Some
grammar mistakes slip through the editing net, and it's just bad judgment to use
the same voice (that of Jean Simmons) to read text excerpts and the "we now
return to . . . " bumper announcements.

Still, it's fascinating to share in this inspirational detective work.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              222 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 21, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ARCHITECTURE VIEW;
Eisenman's Spatial Extravaganza in Cincinnati

BYLINE: By Herbert Muschamp

SECTION: Section 2;  Page 33;  Column 1;  Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1112 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


Peter Eisenman's new building here is a stunning feat of interior decoration. To
describe it thus is not to belittle it in any way. Wedged between two older
buildings and an earth berm, the University of Cincinnati's Aronoff Center for
Design and Art has no exterior to speak of. Its entrance, framed by a tumbling
stack of candy-colored slabs, is plopped unceremoniously atop a parking garage.
Step inside, however, and it is open-sesame time.

Cheerful, bewildering, generous, controlling: this is not a building one simply
walks through. One works through it, as if it were an emotional problem. The
problem turns out to be that of history: the twisted background of an art form
that has deposited this amazing artifact into our midst.

The Aronoff Center, already a mecca for architects although it doesn't open
officially until October, is but one of a group of buildings that have brought
great distinction to the University of Cincinnati and indeed to the city itself.
Jay Chatterjee, dean of the College of Design, Architecture, Art and Planning,
has earned himself a place in history as one of the century's most enlightened
patrons.

With a master plan by George Hargreaves and individual buildings by Michael
Graves, David Childs, Wes Jones, Harry Cobb and Frank Gehry, Cincinnati is one
of the most architecturally dynamic campuses in America today. More than that,
the state university has risen to one of the major challenges of the
contemporary city. Show us something new. Give us big, urban objects that we can
look at, discuss, love or despise.

Ohio has been good to Peter Eisenman. Columbus is the site of his two most
important American projects to date, the Wexner Center for the Arts (1989) and
the convention center (1993). Along with the Aronoff Center, these buildings
have established Eisenman as a leading practitioner as well as a theorist of
architecture.

As the home of the college for art and architecture, serving 1,500
undergraduates and 240 graduate students, Eisenman's project occupies a
prominent place in the university's building program. The building, designed in
association with Richard Roediger of Lorenz & Williams, brings together four
schools that were previously scattered over the 392-acre campus: art,
architecture, planning and design. And its main feature, an 800-foot-long
subterranean concourse, is designed as if to represent a multiple collision
among these disciplines.

The concourse serves the conventional function of a circulation spine connecting
the different parts of the building. But form here does not follow function.
Rather, the reverse seems to be the case: classrooms, auditoriums, a library, a
cafeteria, an art gallery are inserted, virtually as afterthoughts, within an
exploration of space.

With each step, the concourse expands, contracts, changes axis, reveals new
vistas. Bridges pass overhead. Ramps and staircases lead off at unexpected
angles. Skylights let the sun into areas that might otherwise remind you of the
last act of "Aida." It's a neo-Baroque interior, Piranesi without a pope.
Shrewdly, Eisenman has employed inexpensive materials and fittings: gypsum
walls, catalogue lighting fixtures. These help create a provisional, studio
atmosphere, as if the building were itself a pinup project, a thesis mocked up
to full scale. (The lighting in the library is a dud.)

Compared with the concourse, the classrooms, studios and offices are
considerably less spectacular. Eisenman describes them as "vanilla ice cream."
But in fact the building becomes more disturbing when Eisenman lowers the
volume. The unexpected slope of a ceiling plane, the off-axis tilt of a window:
such peripheral features create spaces that are more subtly disorienting than
the spatial extravaganza of the concourse.

And "there's no design in it!" This is what Peter Eisenman often says about his
buildings. What he means by this, I take it, is that he does not sit down at a
drawing board with the intention of creating preconceived visual or spatial
effects. Instead, like a conceptual artist, he sets up a system, a kind of
geometrical formula for producing forms and spaces. Here, the formula is some
mumbo jumbo involving "chevrons," "traces," "baggage carousels" and whatnot.
Loosely translated, the idea is that the forms of the Aronoff Center are derived
from the older buildings adjacent to it, and from the contours of the landscape
in which it nestles.

THE SPECIFICS OF THE system don't matter much. What's important is that Eisenman
wants to absent himself from his own creation. The theoretical underpinning for
this passive stance is derived from the French school of literary deconstruction
and its lament for "the death of the author." By now, this idea is as stale as
yesterday's baguette. But since it has stimulated Eisenman to make such an
extraordinary place, the idea at least deserves consideration as a recipe for
delicious French toast. It's the key to this building's importance.

In an interview, Eisenman states that this building cannot be read "within the
norms of architectural history." Wrong. The building fairly grabs you by the
collar, shakes you up and down, and demands to be read in terms of historical
precedent. The building is provocative; its forms are abstract; it makes
conspicuous use of grids. These features plant the building squarely in the
tradition of modern architecture. So does Eisenman's passive stance, which
reprises the modern idea that form should be determined by such objective
factors as function or structure, not by an architect's whim.

Or, rather, it is a travesty of that idea. The building mocks objectivity as a
form of passive aggression. Look, Ma, no design! Only an architect deeply
saturated in history would bother to conduct this exercise. Most architects
abandoned long ago the belief that design should aspire to objectivity. But for
Eisenman, history is apparently a nightmare from which architecture is still
struggling to awake. He says, let's analyze it.

In a sense, the Aronoff Center is the contemporary equivalent of those
19th-century Beaux-Arts edifices inscribed with the names of the great artists,
writers, or philosophers. The building's weirdness demands an explanation that
can be supplied only by thinking back through Mies van der Rohe and, beyond him,
to the Enlightenment and its insistence on the authority of reason. The exercise
may prove infuriatingly didactic, but this is, after all, a school. I can't
think of another recent American building that serves history more responsibly.
It should also give those who study here a firm nudge toward finding a place in
history of their own.

NAME: Peter Eisenman

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Four previously scattered schools of the University of
Cincinnati are united in a building whose main feature is an 800-foot-long
subterranean concourse. (Jeff Goldberg/Esto)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              223 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                            March 10, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Bertuzzi belittles the creative process with one punch

BYLINE: Patrick Witwicki, The Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Top Shelf; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 892  words


This is a column that never should have been written.

A few months ago, well-respected Vancouver Sun sports columnist Gary Mason wrote
a tongue-in-cheek column about how some of the best features and/or columns
never get printed, because something else happens at the last minute to change
everything.

One of his examples was how an extensive feature about Mark Messier (who was
still a Vancouver Canuck at that time) never made it to print, because the night
before going to press, the infamous Marty McSorley incident occurred.

For obvious reasons, the editor stepped in, and basically ordered him to "write
about that," even though every single sports columnist in Canada would be doing
the same thing.

And while at the time I didn't think much more about his column than a simple
"oh yeah," I now know exactly how he feels, and it's all Todd Bertuzzi's fault.

See, today was supposed to be a light-hearted, somewhat comedic, somewhat
critical look at the trade deadline, like who improved, who got schooled, how
the Canucks did, and how it's ironic that Toronto is repeating their same
mistake from last year: bulking up for a long playoff run while finishing fourth
in their conference, when they'll probably have to play the Boston Bruins, who,
a la Philadelphia Flyers from last season, also added a bunch of talent for that
same playoff run.

But I digress. My plans were immediately flushed down the toilet when Bertuzzi
decided he had had enough of hockey, and everything in general it seemed, with
his cheap shot of cheap shots on Colorado Avalanche's Steve Moore.

And along with those plans went 22 years of being a dedicated fan to the team
I've always loved. Because now, I'm not so sure I give a damn if they win the
Cup or not this year. With or without Bertuzzi.

For those of you who missed it, with the score 8-2 for Colorado, Bertuzzi chased
Moore all the way up the ice, trying to convince him to fight. Moore ignored
him, so Bertuzzi sucker punched him, before they fell to the ice.

With the pile-up that ensued, Moore suffered both a concussion and a fractured
neck.

This, of course, was the result of the non-call regarding Moore's marginal hit
to the head on Markus Naslund in Colorado three weeks ago, that concussed the
Canucks' captain.

So now, like every sports columnist in Canada, and probably the state of
Colorado as well, I'm supposed to give my opinion. And I don't think I've ever
been more unsure how to respond.

Should Bertuzzi be suspended? Of course. A minimum 15 games, but NHL VP Colin
Campbell will probably resort to the precedent set by the McSorley incident, and
say the suspension is valid for the remainder of the season, including the
playoffs.

McSorley, if you remember, swung his stick against the side of Donald Brashear's
head in the waning minutes of that contest, knocking the bruiser out cold.

Except, are the two incidents fair comparisons? First off, the 2000 version of
the Boston Bruins were on the verge of missing the playoffs anyway, and
including the playoffs as part of McSorley's suspension was a safe gamble. If
Campbell goes with a McSorley-like suspension, he is basically playing a role in
Vancouver's playoff outcome.

But the Canucks will make the playoffs, and despite how many people are
currently willing to drive Bertuzzi out of this province, the Canucks have a
better shot at winning with him in the lineup, than without him.

Still, with that one game and one idiotic move by Bertuzzi, the Canucks have
kissed goodbye any shot at first place in their division. Colorado will be so
fired up after this, I wouldn't be surprised if they don't catch Detroit for
first place in the Western Conference.

It also, more than likely, spells the end for Brian Burke as GM in Vancouver,
since ownership -- rumoured to be ticked off about Bertuzzi's production since
his new contract, which Burke comandeered -- will now be holding him responsible
for the entire public relations nightmare.

Also, McSorley was nearing the end of his career. Those close to hockey still
believe Bertuzzi has just entered his prime, and of course, he still has three
more years on his contract. So whereas McSorley never returned to the NHL, it's
understood that no matter what, Bertuzzi will be back playing next year (CBA
notwithstanding).

So whether I like it or not, he will play again. After what happened, I would
prefer him playing somewhere else -- but now who's going to trade for him? Prior
to Monday, the Canucks could have asked for any player in the league, even a Joe
Sakic, in return for Bertuzzi.

Now, it's debatable what they'd get. A first-rounder? Eric Lindros?

But if Bertuzzi isn't back for the playoffs this year, the Canucks are toast.
Permanently. Burke will be gone, there will be a lock-out, then Naslund will
leave ...

You get the picture. So, here's my suggestion: go with the 15 game suspension,
including playoffs (which would be the first two games). This will give the
Canucks the chance to do as well as they can, so Burke keeps his job, and in the
summer, he can ship Bertuzzi out of town.

And maybe Bertuzzi comes back and has a great playoff to help his stock rise, so
we can at least get somebody decent in return. Or maybe, the Canucks end up
playing Colorado first round ...

Forget it, I won't finish the sentence. Much like I never got to finish the
column I wanted to write for today's paper ...

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 29, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK;
BITS AND PIECES OF NEWS...

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 527 words


OLAF FUB SEZ: According to former Buffalo resident Mark Twain (1835-1910), "Keep
away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do
that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." . . .

ON THIS DAY -- In 1864, a Colorado militia killed at least 150 peaceful Cheyenne
Indians in the Sand Creek Massacre. . . . In 1924, Italian composer Giacomo
Puccini died in Brussels before he could complete his opera "Turandot." It was
finished by Franco Alfano. . . . In 1929, Navy Lt. Cmdr. Richard E. Byrd radioed
that he'd made the first airplane flight over the South Pole. . . . In 1947, the
United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution calling for the partitioning
of Palestine between Arabs and Jews. . . . In 1952, President-elect Dwight D.
Eisenhower kept his campaign promise to visit Korea to assess the ongoing
conflict. . . . In 1963, President Lyndon B. Johnson named a commission headed
by Earl Warren to investigate the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. .
. . In 1981, actress Natalie Wood drowned in a boating accident off Santa
Catalina Island, Calif. She was 43. . . . In 1986, actor Cary Grant died in
Davenport, Iowa. He was 82. . . . In 2001, former Beatle George Harrison died in
Los Angeles following a long battle with cancer. He was 58. . . .

The Way It Is

It occurs to me

That increased earnings

Very often lead

To increased yearnings!

-- Ollie Britton

CHIEF RETIRES -- One of the most respected and well-liked people in Buffalo's
federal court system will be honored with a retirement party at 5 p.m. Friday in
Longfellow's Restaurant at 69 Delaware Ave.

Since 1991, Gerald "Gerry" Kalisz has headed "the bluecoats," the team of court
security officers who work closely with the U.S. Marshals Service. He joined the
court security staff in 1984, after a 25-year career as a New York state
trooper.

"I've worn uniforms since I was a kid -- altar boy, Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts,
Army, trooper, court security officer, and probably a hundred baseball and
basketball uniforms," said Kalisz, 64. "It's time to stop wearing a uniform and
enjoy myself with my family."

Kalisz has been a longtime volunteer with the former Troopers Helping Hands
organization.

Joseph Casciano, another former trooper, will take over as the chief court
security officer. . . .

SANTA CLAUS will make a visit from 2 to 5 p.m. Saturday at the 61st annual
Family Christmas Fair from noon to 6:30 p.m. at St. Aloysius Gonzaga School
Hall, 157 Cleveland Drive, Cheektowaga. In addition to items for sale and
drawings, goulash, hot dogs, pizza, homemade soup and desserts will be
available. For information, call 833-1715. . . .

FINISHES BASIC -- Airman Erik L. Digby, a 2002 graduate of McKinley High School,
has successfully completed basic military training at Lackland Air Force Base in
San Antonio, Texas. He is the son of Cynthia Digby of Buffalo. . . .

HAPPY BIRTHDAY -- Andrew Shonitsky, Sue Allen, Mary Lou Gefaller, Linda Taber,
Tara Seifried, Pat Howells, Sarah Dellamore, Rebecca Dellamore, Mark Schwarz,
Cindy Ann Sitterle, Carol Rybicki, Jamie McCartan, Vinny Occhino Sr., Suzanne
LiBassi.

e-mail: olaffub@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 The Buffalo News


                              225 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 17, 1994 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Rampant 49ers belittle Giants

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 223 words


San Francisco, Sunday. Ricky Watters scored a playoff-record five touchdowns
yesterday as San Francisco 49ers exploded out of the blocks to crush New York
Giants 44-3 and advance to the National Football Conference championship game.

Earlier, in freezing Buffalo, Jim Kelly threw two second-half touchdown passes
to Bill Brooks as Buffalo beat Los Angeles Raiders 29-23 to move within one win
of a fourth consecutive Super Bowl berth.

The Giants, who conceded just seven rushing touchdowns all season, allowed six
yesterday as four-time Super Bowl champion San Francisco ran at will, scoring on
its first three possessions.

Next week, the 49ers will play the winner of today's match-up between defending
National Football League champion Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers for the
right to represent the NFC in the Super Bowl.

Buffalo dominated the second half of its American Football Conference playoff
game as it rallied from a 16-6 second-quarter deficit to keep alive its hopes of
a Super Bowl return.

The Bills will host the AFC championship next week against the winner of today's
clash between Kansas City Chiefs and Houston Oilers.

Buffalo improved to 7-0 in post-season games at Rich Stadium with yesterday's
victory, played in temperatures of minus 17 degrees with a dangerously cold
wind-chill factor braved by nearly 62,000 fans.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Linebacker Lawrence Taylor, feeling the force of the 49ers' 44-3
blitz, later announced his retirement after 13 years at the Giants

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

ROLLINS BELITTLES BURRELL

BYLINE: BART HUBBUCH

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 97

LENGTH: 406 words


Jimmy Rollins still loves a microphone, even if it means airing a little of the
Phillies' dirty laundry in the process.

The opinionated Phillies shortstop, who already put a target on his back by
predicting a five-game win over the Yankees coming into this World Series, made
it clear yesterday that all was not well with Philadelphia during last year's
run to the title.

Rollins didn't mention the player by name, but it was obvious from his dig that
he and his teammates are a lot happier with Raul Ibanez in left field rather
than the since-departed Pat Burrell.

Asked how much of an impact Ibanez has had on the Phillies' bid to repeat as
world champions, Rollins said: "There were less balls falling in the outfield
[compared to when Burrell was there], so that meant teams were getting [fewer]
extra outs on balls that should have been outs."

Ouch.

Rollins didn't stop there, saying Burrell - who signed with Tampa Bay in the
offseason and went on to have a terrible year for the Rays - made Rollins' job
harder.

"[With Ibanez instead of Burrell], I got a little rest not having to go out
there and catch as many fly balls," Rollins said.

Rollins' blistering comments at an exteammate who helped him win a ring hardly
are a surprise. The former NL MVP isn't the most available player when it comes
to speaking to the media, but watch out when Rollins does.

The Mets know this all too well, after Rollins proclaimed the Phillies the "team
to beat" in the NL East in 2007, then promptly went out and backed it up by
rallying Philadelphia to the division crown.

Knowing that long history of Rollins' opinionated ways, the Phillies were
anything but surprised when he went on "The Jay Leno Show" just before this
year's World Series began and made his bold prediction. Nor were they surprised
when Rollins immediately went out and did his part to make the prediction come
true by going 1-for-4 with a walk and two runs scored in the Phillies' 6-1 win
in Game 1.

Philadelphia manager Charlie Manuel said yesterday that he and the Phillies
wouldn't have it any other way when it comes to Rollins making his feelings
known. That's because the media isn't the only place where Rollins lets loose.

"He likes to talk - that's kind of what he likes to do," Manuel said before Game
2. "And he's vocal in our locker room. [Combine that] with the way he plays the
game, and when he's on top of his game, he definitely becomes a very good
leader."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 22, 2003 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

N.Va. Belittles District in Baseball Bid;
Advocate Puts Down City After Presentation

BYLINE: Steve Fainaru and Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 759 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX March 21


Northern Virginia is a better market than the District for Major League Baseball
and placing a team in Virginia would have a "negligible" impact on the Baltimore
Orioles, state officials told baseball's relocation committee today.

Virginia's presentation followed meetings Thursday between the relocation
committee and officials from D.C. and Portland, Ore., the other locations
competing to acquire the Montreal Expos. Baseball is hoping to move the ailing
franchise before the 2004 season begins.

Unlike the District and Portland, Virginia is asking Major League Baseball for a
"conditional award" of the Expos, after which Virginia would seek additional
public financing necessary to build a ballpark. Under that strategy, Virginia
officials are emphasizing that Northern Virginia is the superior market for the
team.

"The District's deteriorating. Look at the census figures," Del. Vincent F.
Callahan Jr. (R-Fairfax), a member of the Virginia's baseball delegation, said
after the presentation. "And Virginia's growing. . . . Portland doesn't have a
big-enough market. I don't think, if anyone's looking to the future, they're
going to put anything in the District of Columbia."

Tony Bullock, press secretary for D.C. Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D), responded:
"I don't know what planet Mr. Callahan is from, but he should get his
information straight before he says such outrageous things." The city's
population, which declined for decades, has recently stabilized at about
572,000.

Baseball officials declined comment on the substance of the meeting. Robert
Dupuy, baseball's chief operating officer, said: "We've got a vast amount of
material that's been given to us over the past two days. We're going to analyze
those materials and present a synthesis" to baseball Commissioner Bud Selig.

Dupuy said the committee, which consists of three major league owners and
representatives of the baseball commissioner's office, would meet again within
the next few weeks. Dupuy said that relocating the Expos by next year was "still
the goal."

Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner (D), who canceled plans to attend the presentation
because of the war in Iraq, spoke to the committee by phone for about 15
minutes. In an interview, Warner said he believed Virginia's proposal was better
than the District's and Portland's because it laid out concrete financing, some
of which has been approved already by Virginia's General Assembly.

"I don't think either of those jurisdictions have any financing vehicle in
place," Warner said. The District would still need council approval for its
financing plan, but city officials have pledged to get it before Major League
Baseball decides where the Expos will go.

Virginia has passed legislation to provide most of the public money needed to
cover two-thirds of the cost of a ballpark, said state baseball officials.

The state officials long had estimated the revenue sources -- such as taxes on
sales, income and tickets at a stadium -- at $ 10.5 million annually, but today
they said far more could be generated from those sources. Callahan put the
number at nearly $ 20 million, leaving only a few million dollars to be covered
by a different funding source.

Virginia baseball boosters would not reveal many details of the plan presented
to the committee. They would not disclose how much more public money would be
needed to finance a stadium, how Virginia would raise that money or how much the
stadium would cost. Nor would they reveal the possible sites.

Sources said two of the sites are near the Pentagon City Metro stop and others
are near Dulles International Airport, on the Potomac River in Rosslyn and at
Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County. A source familiar with Virginia's plan said
today that the stadium's cost was set at $ 380 million to $ 400 million.

Michael Frey, president of the Virginia Baseball Stadium Authority, said that
because of the war, officials canceled plans to hold a news conference Saturday
to officially reveal the stadium plan. Authority spokesman Brian Hannigan said
the group believed the information would get wider publicity if it were released
after the war.

Frey said the delegation presented new information to the committee to show that
a team in Northern Virginia would have almost no impact on Baltimore. The
potential damage to the Orioles is a central issue in the relocation decision.
Orioles officials contend that a team in the Washington area would cut their
attendance and broadcast revenue.

Staff writers Mark Asher and R.H. Melton contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              228 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 8, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

N.Y. Super Bowl? No, it'll be by the Bay

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 642 words

Now that the NFL's New York Giants are out of the playoffs, we can finally stop
hearing from the media about the so-called New York Super Bowl and the Giants'
rookie tight end Jeremy Shockey ("49ers belittle Giants in a big rally by the
Bay: New York's defense collapses in S.F. comeback," Sports, Monday).

Fox TV must have shown Shockey's face 25 times during the first half of the
49ers-Giants game Sunday.

It is simply amazing how anyone who plays for a New York team and does something
positive for a few games suddenly becomes a superstar.

Shockey may be a good player, but since this was his first season, we might want
to wait before we induct him into the Hall of Fame.


And the media may want to know something: The possibility of a Bay-area Super
Bowl game -- though it has yet to be mentioned in the press -- is alive and
well.

Eric V. Crossley

Laurel, Md.

Edwards not 'regular'

In announcing his intent to run for president, North Carolina Sen. John Edwards
describes himself as someone who entered law and later politics to work for
"regular people" -- as opposed to wealthy corporations ("Edwards' roots fit
party's needs: Ambitious N.C. senator hails from blue-collar Southern family,"
News, Friday).

It is certainly true that during his highly successful career as a
personal-injury lawyer, Edwards helped a modest number of "regular people," not
to mention himself, become wealthy by filing lawsuits against such corporations.


What is not mentioned, however, is that the enormous cost of these lawsuits --
and of the ever-expanding wealth of the lawyers involved -- is simply passed
along by the corporations to "regular people" in the form of higher prices for
essential goods and services.

Mark Haas

Timonium, Md.

Prefer lawyer to oilman

Before Republican political operatives and strategists begin demonizing
Democratic presidential aspirant Sen. John Edwards for his career as a trial
lawyer, they should consider this: Which of these two alternatives would the
average voter consider to be more troubling? A trial lawyer in the White House
or a lifelong oilman such as George W. Bush?

Pat Murphy

Ketchum, Idaho

United needs help

Why is it we can spend billions of dollars overseas, but not send any of it to
our ailing airlines?

United Airlines is one of our premier air carriers and a symbol of our country
in the many other nations it serves ("Despite Chapter 11, United plans $ 50M ad
campaign," Money, Friday).

Granted, United's management had the company on a downward spiral before Sept.
11, 2001, but not allowing it to continue would be a victory for the terrorists
who attacked us on that day.

The many thousands of employees who make the airline run on a daily basis and
have devoted their lives to it would become additional victims of 9/11. And
there would be a significant ripple effect on the economy.

I can't help but wonder whether our administration would have been more willing
to help if it had been American Airlines, which is based in Texas.

Julie Chapleau

Sanger, Texas

Organ donations

Promoting values, not pay, for organ donations is a worthy goal, as argued by
columnist Amitai Etzioni ("Values, not pay, provide best incentive to donate
organs," The Forum, Monday).

But until the donors can be assured that donations will go to deserving,
socially productive patients, my organs will not be used.

The strange mentality that directs organs to social misfits such as the
rapist-murderer in the California prison system and the liberal dogma that
decisions should be based only on medical need and not social values are utter
nonsense.

If the medical practitioners can't make such a common-sense decision, then I
certainly can.

Ross Smith

Portland, Ore.

LOAD-DATE: January 08, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              229 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 5, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

Razing Arizona

BYLINE: Don Addis

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 874 words



Dr. Paul H. Bridgeford of St. Petersburg sent me the clipping shown here, in
which merry cartoonist Mike Ritter of the Scottsdale Progress, out in Arizona,
belittles Florida as a site for baseball spring training. Dr. Bridgeford wants
to know: "Are we going to stand for this?"

    Heck, no. Nor are we going to take it lying down. After all, who is Arizona
to be knocking anybody? People who wear glass slippers shouldn't kick butt, to
coin a phrase.

    What base stealer, if I may itemize, wants to slide into second when
heaven-knows-what desert denizen (be it chuckwalla, horned toad or tarantula) is
lurking under the bag and the bag itself is a road kill freshly peeled off
Interstate 10? Who wants to step up to a plate from which the umpire has just
whisk-broomed a clutch of scorpions?

    Who wants to perform before the hometown crowd in a state founded by sinus
sufferers? (They don't do the wave; they do the wheeze.)

    Who wants to share a dugout with a prairie dog colony? What pitcher wants to
be featured in Arizona Highways because his being sent to the showers was the
most interesting trip anyone took in the state that month?

    Who wants to play the outfield in a park where the warning track is Gila Box
Canyon?

    Who wants to practice the national pastime in a place where the
seventh-inning stretch involves flushing shade-seeking sidewinders out of the
bat bag? Who wants to have to learn to spell Albuquerque? That's in New Mexico,
you say? So what?

    And don't get me started on the cactus jokes.

    Flamingo droppings? When's the last time you had to deal with that hazard at
Al Lang ball yard? Arizona condor droppings, on the other hand, can knock a man
senseless from 1,000 feet batting helmet or not.

    Flamingos? Arizona thinks we're troubled with flamingos? Talk about an
ill-informed cheap shot. At least we don't tease our dehydrated western brethren
about their failed tumbleweed crops.  And it would be too easy to crack wise
regarding their incessant Apache raids.

    Who wants to play baseball in a state so barren that the U.N. has to
air-drop life-sustaining foodstuffs to its fleeing Nerdish rebels? A place so
arid that, when the manager signals for a relief pitcher, they bring him a
gallon of ice water?

    Who wants to undergo spring training in a region where the team mascot is
Wile E. Coyote and it's not a costume?

      While we're flailing irrationally at our sister states: Davenport, Iowa,
is hardly anyone's idea of a vacation paradise, but folks there want to bring
gambling to town and make it the "Monte Carlo of the Mississippi." Somehow
that's not the kind of chips I associate with Iowa.

      From the newsletter of the National Center for Science Education comes an
item about a student who asked the librarian for help in finding an assigned
book, Oranges and Peaches. Failing to find such a title, the librarian prodded
for further information.  The kid recalled that it was by Charles someone and
was about evolution. Thus they were able to track down a copy of The Origin of
Species.

      Astronomers have discovered an object in deep space billions of times more
massive than Earth's sun. Isn't science wonderful?  They've isolated Howard
Cosell's ego.

      Underheard:

    "It was like getting run over by a glacier. It would have been a big
surprise if it hadn't been so gradual."



      "Four-way-stop intersections are just standing-start chicken races."

      Biologists are all excited that they discovered the family of genes that
govern smell. (We'll leave the infantile "smelling genes" gags to the less
sophisticated, like Robert Friedman.) The findings appear in the scientific
journal Cell, a very specialized periodical indeed.  How specialized is it?
Their centerfold opens up in a double helix.

      How modern can ancient Japan get? Emperor Akihito's official car now stops
at red lights a practice the perks of office allowed him to ignore in the past.
Is it that he wanted to seem more a man of the people? Or was he just tired of
getting creamed in accidents every few blocks?

      Many are disputing the census figures that say there are 228,621 homeless
in the United States. Well, if they'd just stay put for a while, maybe we could
count them

      Compare that number to the 700,000 people census workers allegedly failed
to count in Florida. I can't believe they could walk through a crowd that big
and not notice anybody.

      Sure, Jack, that's what they all say: John Gunning, over in Lake Worth,
tried everything to convince officials he was alive, but the Medicare master
computer says he died Oct. 21, 1990, and nobody's buying his "still alive"
story. Computers do not make mistakes, I've been told. So if a computer says
you're dead, shut up and lie down.

      And finally, according to a University of Pennsylvania study, men lose
their verbal skills earlier in life than women do. I think that's a lot of
bolarkey . . . maloney . . . malarney . . . balonkey. . . .
 - Don Addis is a cartoonist for the St. Petersburg Times.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING, Mike Ritter; Cartoon by Mike Ritter of the
Scottsdale Progress illustrating why spring training doesn't belong in Florida

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              230 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

In Iowa, lots of promises that won't be kept

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 669 words


It's easy to belittle Iowa's caucuses or New Hampshire's primary for their
outsized roles in picking both parties' presidential nominees. Ideally the
smaller states that kick off the process would be more demographically
representative. Until that day comes, hospitable Midwesterners continue to do a
fine job starting the process.

A few Iowa takeaways.

Surprisingly, Donald Trump was the low-energy candidate, at least when I saw him
at Kim Middle School in Council Bluffs. The New Yorker is an American anomaly: a
self-centered demagogue, but not particularly ideological.

Trump devoted five minutes to bashing Ted Cruz's Canadian birth, tossing
red-meat lines about banning Muslims and America's declining power on the world
stage - after emphasizing that he opposed the Iraq War. Then, everything was
about The Donald's greatness.

Trump supporters aren't just angry white men. There are plenty of women backing
him.

These folks are the losers in the social and economic realignment that's
transformed America. They are nonexistent in Marin, but venture to Middle
America and you'll find them in dying small towns and struggling old-line
cities. Trump is talking to them.

They have a legitimate gripe. The 2016 tragedy is that there's no one on the
political stage to champion the cause of those economically crushed and
culturally disrespected.

Democrat Bernie Sanders tries to address the first need, but ignores the second.
To America's lasting benefit, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan once
performed that chore. Now it's left to an egotistical real estate mogul turned
entertainer.

Sanders' final Iowa event at Des Moines' Grand View College resembled a labor
rally. Like a union president galvanizing strikers, the Vermonter's clarion call
is that everything is possible: the unions' goals will be achieved and the rich
bosses, including their Wall Street masters, will lose. His young audience was
energized.

Of course, once the picketing is over and modest wage increases achieved,
labor's lofty goals are necessarily put aside. Sanders' rally was organized by
the nurses union and unions on the left side of the mainstream AFL-CIO, most of
whose battle-scarred leaders back Hillary Clinton.

I attended four presidential candidate rallies with "don't lower your
expectations" and "never compromise" as themes. Each candidate vented the
audience's frustration that party leaders they once supported never deliver as
promised. The promise makers' message is if they win, the seemingly impossible
will be achieved.

That's what Sanders, Cruz, Trump and Marco Rubio pledged to vastly different
audiences. With promises far less specific, Trump guarantees that whatever the
complaint, if he's president happy days will be here again.

This is why Americans are so frustrated. The pledges of candidates of both the
far right and extreme left aren't ever honored. That's because delivery is
impossible.

Barack Obama promised "Change we can believe in." It inspired, but claimed far
more than anyone in today's polarized America can accomplish.

The cause isn't just politicians' duplicity or the ruinous dominance of
big-money politics. The reality is that no one could or should get everything
they want.

Developing compromises that reconcile diverse regional, cultural, ethnic and
economic desires is the only viable strategy toward making real progress.

For Republicans, a newly energized Jeb Bush and the ever-reasonable Ohio Gov.
John Kasich represent that pragmatic approach. For Democratics, Hillary Clinton
calls for achievable incremental change.

The upshot is Bush finds himself on the ropes. Kasich is relying on a good New
Hampshire showing. Clinton is battling a tough fight from the far left.

The big promise-type candidates are on the rise. If one of them prevails in
November, the inevitable result is even greater disenchantment with America's
democratic experiment.

Columnist Dick Spotswood of Mill Valley writes about local politics on
Wednesdays and Sundays in the IJ. Email him at spotswood@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2016 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday
                         First ReplateThursday Edition

Heyward, Francoeur aren't alike

BYLINE: Mark Bradley; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 714 words


Both were first-round draft picks from the Atlanta suburbs, both right fielders.
Both hit home runs in their first big-league games, each against the Cubs. Both
were given the Sports Illustrated treatment in the early days of their rookie
seasons. But if you ask in the Braves' clubhouse about further similarities
between Jeff Francoeur and Jason Heyward, you won't find many.

What you'll hear instead is an admission of a key difference: That one was a
football player, while the other is a baseball player.

The intent isn't to belittle Francoeur, who had three good-to-excellent seasons
as a Brave. He hit .300 as a rookie in 2005 and drove in more than 100 runs in
2006 and 2007. But when his early blush of success faded, it spawned a
full-blown backlash fueled by a fundamental flaw: Francoeur swung at everything,
and when in doubt he swung harder.

That was the football player in him. (Again, we must stipulate: Francoeur was a
great high school football player.) A football player believes nothing can't be
fixed by sheer effort. It's one of the reasons that oft-cited criticism of the
Braves in postseason --- that they weren't "emotional enough" --- was such a
canard. Untrammeled emotion in baseball doesn't make you Joe DiMaggio; it makes
you an easy out.

Baseball is a game of skill and precision, not strength and mass. It's
noteworthy that Heyward, who grew up in a football state, never played the
sport. (According to Jeff Passan of Yahoo! Sports, Heyward's dad wouldn't let
him.) And here we come to the fundamental difference between the two: Francoeur,
who's a bright guy, always seemed to fall back on raw talent no matter how many
coaches he consulted, while Heyward has fused a happier amalgam of ability and
analysis.

I saw Francoeur in a playoff doubleheader at Parkview High. He swung at the
first pitch five times. He went 1-for-7, the hit being a home run. We contrast
this with Heyward, who while playing for Henry County High often left scouts
disappointed because he walked too much. In his SI story, Tom Verducci quotes an
unnamed Cleveland official --- the Indians owned the 13th pick in the 2007
draft, one ahead of the Braves --- as saying, "We didn't see him swing the bat
enough to feel comfortable taking him that high."

It took Francoeur 128 big-league plate appearances to draw a walk; it took
Heyward 16. In 70 games as a rookie, Francoeur walked 11 times; in 40 games,
Heyward has walked 25 times. One was all exuberance (sometimes irrational); the
other is patience personified.

As John Perrotto noted in Baseball Prospectus, when Heyward hit .103 over from
Games 11 through 20 the Braves advised him "to be more aggressive early in the
count and consider swinging at more first pitches."

This from the same voices --- Bobby Cox and Terry Pendleton --- who could never
persuade Francoeur not to swing so early and so often.

Which only goes to show: A manager or a coach can talk until the cows come home,
but it's difficult for a player to change who he is. Yogi Berra swung at lousy
pitches but was good enough to hit them. Ted Williams never had a 200-hit season
--- Ichiro Suzuki has never not had a 200-hit season --- because he refused to
swing at anything that wasn't a strike. (Rule No. 1 in Williams' "The Science of
Hitting": "Get a good pitch to hit.")

What worked for Francoeur worked well enough for Sports Illustrated to dub him
"The Natural," but then it stopped working. He's hitting .219 for the Mets, and
his on-base percentage is a lamentable .278. As the ballpark bromide goes:
Talent can get you to the majors, but talent alone won't keep you there. You
have to keep adjusting, keep thinking.

As well as Heyward plays the game, he thinks it even better. Last month he
walked by Pendleton en route to the batting cage, and the hitting coach asked
if, seeing as how a Colorado left-hander was that day's starter, Heyward would
like a left-hander to throw to him. "No," he said. "The last time I hit against
a lefty [in BP], I went 0-for-3."

Five hours later, Jason Heyward came to bat with two out in the ninth inning. He
took the first four pitches. Then he won the game with an opposite-field single.
Jeff Francoeur might well have won the same game --- he had some big hits, let's
remember --- but he wouldn't have won it the same way.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              232 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 9, 1992, Saturday

Candidates belittle each other's polls Democrats run tight race in 3rd

BYLINE: By David Goldberg STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 9

LENGTH: 258 words


It was a case of dueling spin doctors Friday in the race for the Democratic
nomination in the 3rd Congressional District.

It started when the campaign of challenger David Worley released poll results
that showed Mr. Worley leading Democratic incumbent Richard Ray by a margin of
30 percent to 25 percent, with 44 percent undecided. With a margin of error of 5
percent, the two presumably are in a dead heat.

The poll of 500 likely Democratic voters by Washington, D.C., pollsters, Cooper
& Secrest Associates also revealed low name recognition for Messrs. Worley and
Ray in the newly redrawn district, which stretches from south metropolitan
Atlanta through Middle Georgia to the northern edges of Columbus and Macon.

Another candidate, Fayetteville businessman Jim Friday, received 1 percent of
the vote.

But in response to Mr. Worley's poll, Mr. Ray's backers released part of a poll
they commissioned in March that had Mr. Ray ahead of Mr. Worley 41 percent to 32
percent, with 25 percent undecided.

Not surprisingly, each side quickly pooh-poohed the other's results.

"I have every confidence in our numbers," said Mr. Worley, a Jonesboro lawyer
making his third run for the office. In 1990, he came within 1,000 votes of
unseating Republican Congressman Newt Gingrich.

"We've got the pollster with the track record in Georgia, and ours was taken
last week," Mr. Worley added. Pollster Alan Secrest has worked for several
winning Democratic campaigns in Georgia, including those of Gov. Zell Miller and
U.S. Sen. Wyche Fowler Jr.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              233 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 15, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Regan Belittles the Idea Of U.S. Industrial Policy

BYLINE: By KENNETH B. NOBLE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 46, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 14


Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, taking the offensive in the intensifying
political debate over Government policies to aid particular industries, said
today that none of the proposals being considered by Democratic Presidential
candidates ''can stand the test of reality.'

Mr. Regan, in a speech at the University of Kansas, made the Administration's
most sweeping and detailed attack to date on proposals for a national
''industrial policy.'' His speech, which was made available in Washington,
appeared to be an effort to outflank the Democrats on a possible campaign issue.

Invoking traditional free-market doctrine, Mr. Regan, a former Wall Street
executive, said, ''The choice between the Reagan Administration's industry
policy and the Democratic candidates' industrial policy'' is ''a choice between
having economic allocation decisions made by 230 million Americans acting in the
free marketplace, or 20 or 30 Government planners acting collectively.''

The Democrats have been discussing industrial policy for several years, but
there are signs that they are increasingly divided on the issue.

Although some House Democrats continue to sponsor such legislation, aides to the
Senate Democratic leadership said today that the term will be avoided in an
economic policy statement to be issued in coming weeks.

The aides said they have become wary of the term following an attack on
industrial policy earlier this week by Charles L. Schultze, who was chief
economic adviser to President Jimmy Carter. Other Democrats have expressed
concern that the term has come to mean costly Government subsidies to preserve
jobs.

While industrial policy remains an elusive concept, its proponents typically see
a need for programs aimed at nurturing particular industries. Many proposals
prescribe some type of three-way process in which business and labor make
concessions in return for Government help.

Mr. Regan scoffed at these notions, arguing that advocates lack a rigorous
analytical base and are vague on the remedies needed to deal with specific
problems. Among the advocates he cited specifically were Robert B. Reich, a
Harvard professor, and Lester Thurow, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology. In contrast, he referred favorably to Mr. Schultze's
characterization of industrial policy as ''a dangerous solution to an imaginary
problem.''

The Treasury chief specifically criticized the idea that industrial policy be
entrusted to a commission of representatives from Government, business and
labor.

''Theoretically, this would be a smoothly working partnership to translate
admirable motives into beneficial results,'' Mr. Regan said.

But, he added, ''Do we really believe that either waste or greed can be
abolished by good men and women sitting around a conference table in Washington?
It is the kind of scene that makes 'Utopia' seem like a rough-and-tumble
operation.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              234 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 28, 2002, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Smith echoes Payton's passion

BYLINE: Jon Saraceno

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C; Commentary

LENGTH: 696 words

Emmitt Smith isn't the best running back of all time. He isn't even the
swiftest, most naturally gifted runner to wear that big, blue star on his helmet
-- Tony Dorsett was. That is not meant in any way to disparage, or belittle, the
little diesel that chugged his way into history Sunday in Dallas. Walter Payton,
rest his football-loving soul, would've wanted his cherished record to fall to
this man, and that's good enough for me.

Naturally, there will be debate about where the Cowboys running back ranks among
the all-time greats. There is no right answer because of generational
differences and because the beauty of an NFL running back is in the eye of the
beholder. My top five:


1. Jim Brown.

2. Walter Payton.

3. Barry Sanders.

4. Dorsett.

5. The man still searching for the killer of his ex-wife (O.J. Simpson).

It could be argued, with some merit, that Smith belongs in that hallowed group,
though for my taste he comes up short on the spectacular meter. It's not
debatable that he belongs in anybody's top 10 and that he's probably the second
most-complete back ever behind Payton, the late Chicago Bear whose NFL-record of
16,726 yards was eclipsed Sunday by Smith in a 17-14 loss to Seattle.

When it comes to pure achievement, to getting the most out of the least, perhaps
no running back ever accomplished what that tough little son of a gun in Dallas
has. Smith wasn't the fastest or the fanciest -- "I'm not flashy," he likes to
say. "I come to work with my hammer and my hard hat every day." But pedestrian
players don't ramble for 1,000 yards or more for a league-record 11 consecutive
seasons, smash nearly four dozen franchise records or star on three Super
Bowl-winning teams.

Yes, the Cowboys had some good teams with terrific offensive lines, but No. 22
was a load unto himself, a plow horse who refused to be unhitched until his
assignment was finished, no matter the pain. Case in point: Who can forget the
game nearly a decade ago when Smith doggedly ran with a separated shoulder in
the second half against the New York Giants during a critical late-season game?
He finished with 32 carries for 168 yards and caught 10 passes. The Cowboys won
in overtime.

At his very best, Smith possessed the uncanny balance of a high-wire acrobat,
the keen vision of a nighthawk. To this day, he has a heart the size of Texas.
Scouts can recite physical attributes all day long, but they never will devise a
method to measure what's thumping inside a guy's chest. Smith's desire to keep
pounding away at NFL defenses long after the Cowboys' mid-'90s heyday is a
testament to his unquantifiable level of courage and desire.

Smith made it clear after Sunday's game that he wants to continue to line up in
the backfield. By next season he'll be 34, but he mentioned he wants to do what
Jerry Rice, now 40, continues to do -- play football. Smith has talked about
playing long enough to amass 20,000 yards rushing and, if healthy, it's not an
unthinkable goal -- even more attainable if Cowboys owner Jerry Jones can
convince Smith to renegotiate his contract, which extends through the 2005
season and would cost the Cowboys maybe another $ 30 million.

If Smith doesn't want to take a big cut, he could sign with another team. Or
retire. The last option might be the best one because Smith is still young and
healthy enough to enjoy his family and, besides, who can possibly imagine him
playing for any other team than the Dallas Cowboys? It would be like Dorsett
finishing his career with Denver, Franco Harris ending it all without a peep in
Seattle. Everyone likes more money and more glory, but Smith seems to stand for
something more.

Before this season, he described Payton to a reporter, saying, "He was not big
in stature but extraordinary in performance. And his passion and love for the
game were incredible. I looked at him and saw a reflection of what I wanted to
be, what I still want to be."

It's hard to imagine anyone honoring the memory of "Sweetness" any better than
Emmitt Smith, who does so just by being Emmitt Smith.

E-mail Jon Saraceno at jons@usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              235 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

COLLEGE FOOTBALL;
With Eye On Polls, Seminoles Bury Duke

BYLINE: By CHARLIE NOBLES

SECTION: Section 8;  Page 9;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla., Sept. 2


The poll game may be starting early for the Florida State Seminoles, who took
particular note of Nebraska's 64-21 butchering of Oklahoma State Thursday night.

"We kind of knew we had to win big since Nebraska won big," Florida State
running back Rock Preston said today, after his team's season-opening 70-26
victory over Duke before 51,200 people in sauna-like conditions in the Florida
Citrus Bowl. "We wanted to show the nation we can score like Nebraska."

The Cornhuskers, who won last year's national championship, also seemed to be on
the mind of Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden.

"I don't want to belittle Duke," he said, "but that wasn't Nebraska we beat out
there today."

Indeed, the Blue Devils, optimistic after an 8-4 record in Fred Goldsmith's
debut as coach last season, were never really in the game.

The Seminoles generated 812 yards of offense and scored on their first two
possessions and seven of their first eight. Quarterback Dan Kanell passed for
275 yards with 4 touchdowns, Preston rushed for 126 yards and his fellow
tailback, Warrick Dunn, gained 124.

"Essentially this was a repeat of last year, but we got a half a year's
experience in one game," said Goldsmith, whose team lost last year's game by
59-20.

Indeed, this was the Seminoles' 25th straight Atlantic Coast Conference victory
since they joined the league four seasons ago, and marked Bowden's 250th college
victory.

Today's game was scheduled to be played in Durham, N.C., but the Blue Devils
surrendered home field rights in exchange for a Citrus Bowl payout expected to
be about $800,000.

Selling away a home game made Goldsmith livid, and he tried to get out of
playing it.

It's easy now to see why. It took Florida State 2 minutes 8 seconds to score on
its game-opening drive, a drive it would make seem pokey.

Kanell got the touchdown on a 24-yard pass in the end zone's right corner to
slotback E. G. Green. Scott Bentley's extra point try was blocked by safety Ray
Farmer, a feat that was one of Duke's highlights.

Tyrant Marion's third-down sack of quarterback Spence Fischer killed Duke's
first possession and the Seminoles were quickly back in business. They reached
the end zone in seven plays, the clincher a 2-yard dive by Pooh Bear Williams,
Florida State's designed goal-line plunger.

Duke got back in the game momentarily on a four-play drive that ended with a
14-yard pass from Fischer to tight end Bill Khayat, the son of the former
Philadelphia Eagles coach, Eddie Khayat.

The Blue Devils defense then made Florida State punt. The problem was that Sean
Lis's kick was downed at the Duke 1, and North Carolina couldn't work itself out
of that hole.

On Florida State's next possession, Dunn broke two tackles on a 33-yard
touchdown run that put Florida State up by 20-7. Drive time: 28 seconds. A
little more than a minute later, Preston was racing down the right sideline on
an 85-yard touchdown run, the fourth longest in school history. That drive was
over in 21 seconds, giving Florida State a 27-7 lead.

Williams, who weighs 286 pounds, got two of the next three Seminole scores, on
1- and 2-yard runs. In between, Kanell, in his last work of the half, passed 11
yards for a touchdown to flanker Andre Cooper.

The Seminoles' first-half scoring avalanche wasn't over yet. They scored with 8
seconds left on backup quarterback Thad Busby's 17-yard pass to wide receiver
Damian Harrell. Farmer gave Duke a little consolation heading to the locker room
by blocking the conversion attempt and returning it for 2 points.

The 54 first-half points were the second most in Florida State history, behind
the 56 it managed in a 70-7 victory over Tulane in 1992.

Still Bowden found it troublesome that his defense gave up 419 yards and 26
points. "They had too many big plays, we had too many breakdowns," he said.

Bowden acknowledged having an eye on the polls, but then he threw in something
that sounded ominous for this season's opponents.

"I don't care what you say," said the coach, pausing for effect. "I held back
some today."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              236 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 12, 2013 Tuesday

NHS students, parents get lessons on cyberbullies

BYLINE: Maria Lockwood, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 506 words


Feb. 12--Times are changing.

"I'll be honest, we live in a different world than I grew up in," said Steve
High, principal of Northwestern High School.

When he was in school, bullies stalked the playground or interrupted the walk or
ride home, ready to push or belittle their victims. Today, bullies can be found
with the push of a button in cyberspace.

Kids aren't the only culprits. Earlier this month, a college student who cheered
for the Green Bay Packers was targeted by cyberbullies. A Chicago Bears Facebook
fan page posted a picture of the cheerleader, Kaitlyn Collins, with a
disparaging note, according to an Associated Press story from WLUK-TV.
Belittling comments about Collins followed.

Such incidents may be fueled by the apparent anonymity of cyberspace. But the
comments can still sting.

"If you wouldn't say something to someone's face, why would you say it online?"
High asked.

An estimated one in five teens have experienced cyberbullying at some point in
their lifetime, according to Justin Patchin, co-director of the Cyberbullying
Research Center. He will bring his insight and information about the phenomenon
to Northwestern High School on Monday. Patchin, an associate professor of
criminal justice at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire, has been studying
cyberbullying for 10 years. High caught one of his presentations last year at
Superior High School.

"I think his message is for everybody," the principal said, from the teens who
find themselves picked on to their parents, grandparents and teachers.

Patchin, a University of Wisconsin-Superior alum, will give a presentation to
students during the school day. From 6:30-7:30 p.m. in the Northwestern High
School auditorium, he offers his message to the community. Everyone is invited
to attend the free event, which will include information, statistics, signs to
look for and tips for staying connected.

"If your kid is in a room with their computer 10 hours a day, do you know what
they're doing?" High said.

NHS students themselves helped prompt the presentation. Cyberbullying was one of
the areas they identified on a Safe and Supportive Schools Survey as being a
problem either in school or online.

"What can we do to positively affect that?" High asked. His answer was to bring
in Patchin.

During a 2011 interview with CBS News' Larry Magid, Patchin outlined ways to
deal with cyberbullying. Victims should keep a detailed record of the bullying
and how they responded, and reach out to a peer or adult. The No. 1 thing an
adult confronted with a bullying situation can do is listen, Patchin told Magid.
If the teen is confiding in you, it's a serious concern in their lives. If
teachers or adults hear students calling each other names, humiliating one
another or mis-using language like "gay" or "retard," they should address it
immediately.

More information is available at http://cyberbullying.us.

___ (c)2013 Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130212-DG-NHS-students-parents-get-lessons-on-cyberbullies-20130212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Telegram


                              237 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        July 23, 2000 Sunday 2D EDITION

Rockies must be patient, let Petrick develop as catcher

BYLINE: Terry Frei,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-04

LENGTH: 743 words


Todd Helton repeatedly belittles his career as a short-term  starting
quarterback at the University of Tennessee. He always  considered himself a
baseball player just trying his hand at  football in college, he says over and
over. Yet even the Rockies  showed highlights of their first baseman playing
quarterback for  the Volunteers on the Coors Field scoreboard screen Saturday as
he  was being introduced to a season-ticket holders' forum.

Fact is, the Rockies could assemble a pretty good football  team, as over half
their players - and many of their prized minor  league prospects - were
all-state high school football players.  Last winter, a wandering LoDo visitor
could have spotted Helton  throwing the football around on the Coors Field
outfield grass  with catching prospect Ben Petrick. They were the Rockies' top
two  draft choices in 1995, Helton as a collegian, Petrick as a high  school
senior from the Portland, Ore., suburb of Hillsboro.

Petrick passed on trying college football, although he was  Oregon's best
running back as a high school senior. He was leaning  toward going to the
University of Washington, if he chose  football, and that could have made him a
redshirt senior running  back or safety for the Huskies against Colorado last
fall.  Instead, he signed with Colorado - the Rockies, not the Buffaloes.

Now that Petrick, anointed as the Rockies' catcher of the  future, has been
called up from Triple-A Colorado Springs for his  third stint with the Rockies
and is in the same clubhouse as  Helton, there are still the lingering
questions.

Is he really more of a terrific all-around athlete who doesn't  have the
intuitive feel for baseball, and especially for the  thinking-man's position of
catcher? Could he end up being shunted  off to the outfield, a move former
manager Jim Leyland was known  to consider inevitable? Can he quiet the
suspicions that the  Rockies are trying to hide a bat - an unproven one - behind
the plate?

Or can Petrick become the catcher who not only has the respect  of the pitchers,
but also nurtures and consoles and helps get the  most of a staff in the
cauldron that is Coors Field?

Want answers? We're not going to reach for them here. Not yet.  Because the
point is, as a catcher, Petrick still is a work in  progress. Maybe even more
important, he knows it.

'I think I have to prove myself to the pitchers and make them  as comfortable as
they normally are on the mound,' Petrick said  Saturday. 'Any new catcher has to
prove himself a little bit. I  can't go out there and try to be perfect. I can
try to learn them  and their pitches. I hope that sometime they will get the
confidence in me.'

In many ways, while he didn't play football as long as Helton,  Petrick has more
of a football mentality - or at least the  reputation for it. 'That's kind of
the way I was growing up,'  Petrick said. 'I had a get-after-it attitude, and if
I didn't  succeed at something, I was going to get after it. It took me a  while
to learn in baseball, I need to relax a little bit. If I  strike out or pop up
or whatever, it's not the end of the world. I  don't have to go crazy, and that
took me two or three years (in  the minors) to get that under control.'

In Petrick's fifth season in the organization, this much has  been established:
He has talent and composure. The problem for the  Rockies is that it will take
patience and faith as he learns the  craft at the major league level, and
staying much longer in  Colorado Springs probably wasn't going to do him any
good. There  are many things a big-time catcher just has to learn working with
major league staffs, trying to get out major league hitters.

So Petrick is being thrown in, platooning with Brent Mayne,  and is trying to
quiet any talk of moving him out from behind the  plate. He doesn't want to
emulate Craig Biggio or fellow Portland  native Dale Murphy, the one-time
catchers who became superstars  after being switched.

'This is the position that got me to the big leagues,' said  Petrick, who is
hitting .273 in nine games with the Rockies this  season. 'I've been working
pretty hard at it, and I would hate to  see all that hard work go to waste. I've
worked to become a better  defensive catcher, so I'm not even thinking about
another position.'

The Rockies shouldn't, either.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 21, 1994, Monday

Friends, strangers pitch in when emergency strikes

BYLINE: CELESTINE SIBLEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Section C; Page 1

LENGTH: 531 words


It was a lovely 2 1/2 days on my favorite island but it ended in crisis - in a
way. And in a way it reinforced my belief that people in a fairly isolated
environment may be the most resourceful and helpful people in the world.

The morning we were packing up, stripping beds, clearing out the refrigerator to
catch the noon ferry, there was suddenly an anguished scream from my
daughter-in-law, Peggy. In a second my son came out of their room, white-faced
and panicky. Peggy, he said, had the most awful pain in her foot.

My inclination is always to belittle other folks' pain and suggest hot water and
a nice long walk. That could have been fatal this time. Peggy was in agony.

General telephone service hasn't hit my island yet, but the radio on the
refrigerator worked. I ran to it and yelled, "Becker! Jan! Anybody! Peggy's got
something wrong with her foot!"

Before I could say more, Becker said, "I'll be right there!"

Becker Boatenreiter is an expatriate of Atlanta and Fitzgerald, Ga., who lives
full time on the island and has done a spectacular job of getting us a firehouse
and two fire trucks, almost entirely with volunteer labor and contributions. I
wasn't sure he would take time out for a hurting foot.

He was there in five minutes, rapidly followed by a nurse and a veterinarian I
didn't know but now cherish. They were vacationing on the island and they got
calls from Becker. Peggy's foot was no minor ailment, they said, and recommended
that we get her across the water and to a doctor or hospital immediately.

That's not easy on my island, unless you are one of the lucky few who have small
airplanes tied down on the grassy landing strip. But Becker's training in fires
and other emergencies served us well.

He called Tallahassee for the helicopter affectionately known as the Mercy Bird.
It was on another call but we didn't wait. A small clinic on the opposite shore
is staffed by a doctor and a paramedic. We eased Peggy into the truck and headed
for the dock. If we could get there, we knew, they could ease her pain until we
could get her to her own doctor up the road from their house in Alford, Fla.

We hastily boarded Becker's boat.

"Don't wait," said the paramedic. "This is a blood clot. Circulation to her foot
has stopped. Pulse very weak. Go to the emergency room at Tallahassee Memorial
Hospital . . . now!"

It was a precise diagnosis. She had blood clots. Three hours later she was in
the operating room in the hands of a young, red-headed vascular surgeon. For
almost five hours, her husband and I sat in waiting rooms, fiddling with
left-behind newspapers, drinking paper-cup coffee and watching the clock.

We made friends with other patients' waiting families. We paced the floor and
wandered out on the platform, where ambulances unload, to breathe fresh air and
examine the night sky. About midnight the doctor came out and told us that Peggy
had weathered the operation well, that we could see her in a hour and that she
will live to walk island beaches again.

We are indebted to friends and strangers, to Becker and his emergency training
and his boat, to a little roadside clinic, to the resources of a big hospital.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940820269

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              239 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   December 28, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Trash talking not idle conversation in NBA

BYLINE: DWAIN PRICE; FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

DATELINE: DALLAS


Talk might be cheap, but trash talking is a valued and plentiful commodity in
the NBA. Today's players have turned trash talking into an art form designed to
both amuse and aggravate an opponent with the underlying intent of throwing him
off his game.

While trash talking is frowned upon by critics who see its popularity rise at a
time when sportsmanship is on the decline, many trash talkers are proud of their
legacy. Ken Norman, who played six years for the Los Angeles Clippers before
signing a free-agent contract this past offseason with the Milwaukee Bucks,
said: "The Clippers aren't the best trash talkers without me.

Don Beck, a sports psychologist with the National Values Centre in Denton,
Texas, traces trash talking back to prehistoric days.

Its purpose, he says, is to belittle and intimidate with the perpetrator
engaging in a verbal sparring match with whomever is within shouting distance.

"In the more primitive days, it took on a form of throwing spears or axes at
each other, Beck said. "I'm sure Thor and the Norsemen had a version of trash
talking.

The common perception is that trash talking is a black thing born and bred in
the ghettos. However, Beck said, it crosses all racial barriers.

Miami Heat guard Brian Shaw, a former teammate of ex-Celtics great Larry Bird,
said Larry Legend was the NBA's trash-talking king.

"Bird would tell guys what he was getting ready to do and ask them if they were
they ready, Shaw said, laughing at the memories. "He would say, 'OK, I'm going
to make this one off the backboard; are you ready?' Then, he would shoot it off
the backboard and make it and say, 'Oh, I thought you said you were ready.'

"Sometimes, right in the middle of a game, Bird would go to the other team's
coach and say, 'Can you put somebody in that can check me? He can't check me.'
He was one that could back it up.

Heat forward Glen Rice said, "When Bird started lighting you up and talking
trash, that's hard on you. It's like driving a stake through your heart.

Bird isn't the only recently retired legend who made the unofficial
trash-talking all-star team.

Bulls guard B.J. Armstrong said former Bulls great Michael Jordan could trash
talk with the best of them.

"Michael would be out there telling you, 'I'm driving to the basket, and there's
nothing you can do,'" Armstrong said. "You were at his mercy."

Armstrong felt Jordan's wrath in practice. Jordan belittled Armstrong's ability
to the point that Armstrong admitted he lost confidence in his game.

Heat guard Steve Smith said Jordan could intimidate without even saying
anything.

"He just gave you a stare, Smith said. "It was more of a trash look.

Not everyone in the NBA is enamored with the constant jawing.

Dallas Mavericks general manager Norm Sonju said trash talking has no place in
sports, particularly in basketball. The excess talking, he said, could escalate
and lead to violence.

"In football, the fans are pretty well far back from the field, and in hockey,
they're behind dasher boards, Sonju said. "In other words, it's not easy for the
fans to get near the players in those sports.

"But in basketball the fans are within a few feet of the players, and, at times,
the players actually fall on top of the fans. The last thing you want is a
250-pound guy trash talking and all of a sudden somebody loses his temper and
gets into a fight when there are children and young people that could get
injured.

Beck said trash talking should not be mistaken for taunting, which often leads
to disputes. There is a fine line between the two, and all parties involved know
when those boundaries have been crossed.

"When Miami played Texas in the (1991) Cotton Bowl, I thought Miami crossed the
boundaries, Beck said. "Taunting can lead to violence.

"Taunting is more emotional. Trash talking can just be a string of verbiage --
kind of throwaway lines.

NBA players say that some of the league's best talkers are Chuck Person
(Minnesota), Charles Barkley (Phoenix), Dennis Rodman (San Antonio), Xavier
McDaniel (Boston), Derrick Coleman (New Jersey), Reggie Miller (Indiana), Rice
and Smith of Miami, Norman, and, said Clippers forward Danny Manning, "the
Clippers.

Manning said the Clippers talk trash just to be talking.

"Our whole team talks trash, he said. "As long as you're backing it up, it
doesn't matter -- and that's the bottom line.

Players insist that trash talking should be nothing more than fun and games,
though it often gets much more personal than that.

"If a guy is out there talking and they're having fun and it's not getting too
personal -- like talking about your family, girlfriend or wife -- then that's
all right, Dallas Mavericks guard Derek Harper said. "That's just a part of
basketball.

Sometimes trash talking can backfire, however. In a recent game at Reunion
Arena, Rice and Mavericks guard Jim Jackson got into a verbal scrimmage, with
Rice the winner.

"Jimmy Jackson told me that I couldn't check him, and I told him it was the
other way around -- you can't check me, Rice said. "I told him, 'I'm the one
making all the shots; you're the one missing all the shots.'"

Rice hit 12 of 24 shots and had a game-high 29 points, while Jackson was 4-of-13
and scored 13 points.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1993

LENGTH: 879 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL JORDAN: When he wasn't sticking his tongue out, he could trash
talk with the best of them

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 12, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Censorship And Selection

SECTION: Section 11LI; Page 25, Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 468 words


In his article ''Yes, That's Censorship'' (Opinion Page, Jan. 15), Richard
Lettis distinguishes between removing books from school libraries and selecting
them, claiming that ''when a teacher or librarian picks a book from among the
countless texts available, he or she is not engaged in the act of censorship,
but simply of selection.'' Not so simply.

Censors are endlessly creative and often do not wait until a book is purchased
to demand its suppression. Legislators and textbook committees in several states
have passed laws banning the purchase of books that deal with whole subject
areas. Rather than have to remove them, the censors simply don't allow them to
be selected. Like the old Southern law that once subjected a black man to a
charge of rape if he looked menacingly at a white woman, the censor asks, ''Why
wait till the last minute?''

Here is what has happened:


- In Oregon, the State Legislature, in a bill now under challenge by the
A.C.L.U., ruled that no textbook could be used in the public schools that
''speaks slightingly of the founders of the republic or of those who preserved
the union or which belittles or undervalues their work.''


- In Texas, the State Textbook Committee just rejected a rule that would have
required the teaching of Darwin and evolution in any biology textbook. That is,
though not banned outright, no discussion of evolution is required. The net
effect is that creationism wins in Texas.


- In Hawaii and New Hampshire, school boards have defunded entire programs
dealing with sex education and drug and alcohol abuse prevention.


- In California, two elementary textbooks in statewide use were sent back to the
publisher to remove two pictures of a boy and a girl that a censorship group
thought were insufficiently clothed.


- Again in California and in New Mexico, hundreds of copies of dictionaries were
returned because of ''obscene'' words.

Nor is censorship only an act of removal, as Mr. Lettis claims. Censorship
occurs when state lawmakers require that biology teachers bend their
interpretation of the origins of the earth to include the biblical account. The
fact that the Arkansas creationism bill was declared unconstitutional in an
A.C.L.U. challenge has not prevented the Louisiana legislature from passing the
same law, now also under challenge.

Much as we tend to think of censorship as a single parent marching through the
library door to attack a particular book, more toxic to the First Amendment is
the law that bans the idea behind the book and allows the censor to avoid a
messy public confrontation because the book is not even there to oppose.

 BARBARA BERNSTEIN Executive Director Nassau County Chapter,

New York Civil Liberties Union Mineola

p.u. add Letters

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              241 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 21, 2014 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

GOP governors try to sidestep immigration issue

BYLINE: By Thomas Fitzgerald; Inquirer Politics Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News Politics; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 841 words


BOCA RATON, Fla. - Like an unwanted guest, President Obama's impending executive
order on immigration kept crashing the Republican governors' combined annual
meeting and victory celebration.

For two days, the topic seeped into the seaside gathering via question after
question from reporters - but it was not what the governors wanted to talk
about.

Several said the president was using the issue to distract everyone from the
midterm elections that gave the GOP clear majorities in the Senate and
governors' offices alike. Govs. Rick Perry of Texas, Mike Pence of Indiana, and
Scott Walker of Wisconsin said they might sue. "He's overreaching and abusing
his power to do this," Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said of Obama.

One of them flashed his famous tendency to bully or belittle a questioner. That
would be Gov. Christie.

It's a tricky issue for him and the rest of the half-dozen Republican governors
considering runs for president in 2016, and for the party as a whole. After Mitt
Romney lost in 2012, GOP postmortems concluded that one reason he was wiped out
among Hispanic voters was the party's hard line on undocumented immigrants.

With Latinos the fastest-growing group, many Republican strategists have
concluded that if the party didn't change, it would be demographically doomed.

Jindal declined to say whether he favored deporting those in the country
illegally, saying Americans would "deal compassionately and fairly" with
undocumented people after the border was secured.

He spoke at a news conference with Walker and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who are
also considering presidential runs, as are Perry, Pence, and Christie.

Walker accused the media of "obsessing" on the issue. "This didn't just come
about in the last two weeks," he said, adding that illegal immigration was not a
major topic in most gubernatorial and Senate races. "You have fallen into the
trap that the president of the United States has done to try and get you to
divert your attention away from the real issues."

Kasich said he would prefer that Obama not issue the executive order and would
have preferred one limited in time and scope so the president and Congress could
negotiate a solution to the problem of up to 11 million undocumented immigrants.

"We can't move forward as a country if we're just fighting and questioning each
other's motives," Kasich said. That echoed the moderate tone he struck Wednesday
during a panel discussion among several governors.

Asked about a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, Kasich said, "I'm
open to it, I'll tell you that." He added, "We have to think about what's going
to bring about healing."

Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, elected to succeed Christie as chairman of the
Republican Governors Association, said he, too, was concerned about Obama's
unilateral step.

"I actually think the American people are ready for a real conversation on
immigration," Haslam said. "My fear on the executive order is that it is going
to blow a very unique opportunity we have right now to have that conversation."

But if Americans were ready for that conversation, the GOP governors were not
ready to start it. As the nation waited to hear Obama on the subject, Haslam and
the others who gathered here offered no specific alternative proposals and
mostly ducked questions seeking the same.

Nobody ducked at more length than the outgoing RGA chairman. Ringed by reporters
Thursday, Christie was asked whether he had an obligation to offer his own
immigration reform plan. The question was "ridiculous," he said.

"Because I won't lay out my plan if I were president, that precludes me from
criticizing the guy who asked for the job twice and was elected twice and who
promised in 2008 that he would fix this problem when he had huge majorities in
the Congress to be able to do it?" Christie said, his voice rising.

He said Obama had made the deliberate decision that "government-run health care"
was more important than fixing a broken immigration system.

"I have no obligation to do the president's job for him," Christie said. "And
it's every citizen's right to have the opportunity to criticize their president
when they think they're wrong. Just because I'm a governor who may run for
president someday doesn't take away my absolute right to do that."

Christie has previously skirted the topic, including during a September trade
mission to Mexico, where he told reporters he would articulate a position "if
and when I become a candidate for president." Said Christie: "Until that time, I
have no role in the debate."

Stumping in Iowa this summer for Gov. Terry Branstad, Christie dismissed a
question on immigration, calling it too complicated to discuss "in a parking lot
in Marion," where reporters had gathered.

On Thursday, as Christie moved toward the ballroom exit, another reporter tried.
"About immigration -."

"No," said the governor. "I'm not doing that anymore."

tfitzgerald@phillynews.com

215-854-2718 @tomfitzgerald

www.inquirer.com/bigtent

Inquirer staff writer Maddie Hanna contributed to this article.


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Arts & Book Review

                               September 18, 2009
                                 First Edition

He's still doing the right thing;
As the BFI celebrates 20 years since the release of Spike Lee's seminal film
with The Independent Interview and a season of movies on the Southbank, the
director talks to Kaleem Aftab about race and retrospectives

BYLINE: Kaleem Aftab

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 2812 words


Spike Lee arrives at the BFI Southbank on Monday as part of a celebration of Do
The Right Thing, his third film, which premiered at the Cannes film festival in
1989. In the two decades since then, the film has been recognised by the
American Film Institute as one of the greatest 100 American movies in film
history and was highly listed in a Sight and Sound Poll of the best films of the
past 25 years. It was also, as Barack Obama coyly admitted last year, the movie
that the President of the United States of America took Michelle to see on their
first date. All in all, a far cry from the divisions and debate that the race
drama provoked on its release.

It was the most controversial and discussed film of that summer. You couldn't
pick up a magazine or newspaper without someone having an opinion on the
Brooklyn tale or the director. Critics David Denby in New York Magazine and
Richard Corliss in Time argued that Do The Right Thing was of no value except as
agitprop to incite the black community to riot. In the opposite corner was Roger
Ebert who wrote that "it comes closer to reflecting the current state of race
relations in America than any other movie of our time".

It's not to belittle Lee's other films, including Malcolm X or Inside Man, or
his two great documentaries 4 Little Girls about the 1963 church bombing in
Birmingham, Alabama and the Katrina documentary When the Levees Broke, to state
that Do The Right Thing remains the key work in his oeuvre. The director would
never admit that it's his best film. "My films are like my children", he says.
"I don't have a favourite." Yet in all the literature that Lee approves, from
the children's book he wrote with his lawyer-turned-writer wife Tonya, Please,
Baby, Please to the blurbs on the back of DVDs, it's always Do The Right Thing
that is given the status of first among equals.

Despite his hectic schedule, which saw him premiere two new films at the Tribeca
Film Festival in April, Lee, now aged 52 has spent the summer touring a new
print and promoting the Blu-ray release of Do The Right Thing in the US. "The
film has grown in stature," he pauses to give one of his hearty bellowing
laughs. "It's been fun, but I rarely try to stay too much in the past. It's been
great going to these things and having the reunions, fun meeting up with all the
people that contributed to what is being billed as this landmark film. There
comes a point when I have to keep stepping and moving. After next week, I'll be
done with the retrospective. Well, at least, until the 50th anniversary and if
the Lord is willing I'll still be around."

Keen to move on to the next thing he may be, but Lee is also renowned as a
collector of memorabilia. His offices are adorned with a fabulous set of movie
posters while many of the black-faced pottery and porcelain trinkets used in his
movie Bamboozled (about a modern television minstrel show) came from the
director's personal collection. So it's no surprise to learn that he's kept a
few souvenirs from Do The Right Thing, too. "Of course I have Mookie's Jackie
Robertson shirt, the slate and Sal's pizzeria box", he says. "I keep the
original script to all my movies. I don't type, I write the first draft long
hand on a yellow legal pad."

In 1989, the prognosis on race relations was not good. The action is set on the
hottest day of the year in Bedford-Stuyvesant, a mainly black neighbourhood in
Brooklyn, New York, and racial tensions are at breaking point. The
African-American members of the community led by vocal militant Buggin' Out
(Giancarlo Esposito) have had enough of being kept at the bottom of the ladder.
It's telling that the only two businesses on the block are Sal's Pizzeria, run
by the Italian-American family (Danny Aiello was Oscar nominated for his
performance as Sal) and a fruit and vegetable establishment owned by a Korean
family. The film is mainly told from the perspective of pizza delivery boy,
Mookie, played by Lee, whose sole motivation is to get paid. As racial tensions
simmer Mookie takes us on a journey through a vibrant black community that goes
about its daily tasks under the omnipresent eye of We Love Radio DJ "Mr Senor
Love Daddy" (Samuel L Jackson). There's also a great performance from John
Turturro, the actor who has appeared in more Lee films than any other, as Sal's
hard-nosed racist son Pino. The film is packed with topical material, from
references to David Dinkin's campaign to become the first African American mayor
of New York, Tawana Brawley's discredited claims of being raped by police
officers, the murder of construction worker Michael Griffith at the hands of an
Italian-American mob in Howard Beach and the death of graffiti-artist Michael
Stewart who was apprehended by eleven policeman in a white transit van and
choked to death (the evidence of Stewart being strangled by the police was
"lost"). It all sounds very serious but the beauty of Do The Right Thing lies in
its humour, not least in the shape of the hilarious trio (Robin Harris, Paul
Benjamin and Frankie Faison) who stand on the street corner commenting on the
comings-and-goings like a Greek Chorus. It's told at a raucous pace and
everyone's opinions are aired.

The film took its lead from Richard Wright's Native Son, the great black
literary work of protest which shocked many on its publication in 1940. It broke
the stance, popular among black authors of the time, of advancing the idea of
the sophisticated and cultivated "new Negro", so called for his or her ability
to assimilate into American society. Lee sided with the more aggressive and
disillusioned black masses, turning the psychic and physical violence of black
life outward on to white America. Do The Right Thing culminates in a race riot
in which Mookie throws a trash can through the window of Sal's pizza parlour.

Do The Right Thing was the first Spike Lee film I watched - on video as an
impressionable teenager. I was transfixed by the action, especially the scenes
in which the protagonists vented their rage to camera and the little touches
such as Buggin' Out cleaning his Nike trainers with a toothbrush. It was a film
that depicted all the fun, laughter, sadness, fear and tension of being a
minority group and living in a big city. It kick-started an interest in the
director that would lead to my spending over a year working at his production
office, 40 Acres and a Mule. Even when a film was not in production it was a
hubbub of activity, housing an edit suite, his assistants, a room he used for
rehearsals as well as a garage containing props from his films. When She Hate Me
went into production the office was transformed as interns and film technicians
moved in, while around the corner, in what has since become his main office, the
production team and wardrobe would congregate. Lee has a massive desk at the
centre of the building, but he'd rarely be sat in his chair for more than 10
minutes. I was hooked and embarked upon a biography of the man born Shelton
Jackson Lee in Atlanta, Georgia in 1957. Lee's father was a jazz musician and
his mother an English teacher. When Lee was very young the family moved to
Brooklyn, New York, first to Cobble Hill where his was the only black family in
a predominantly Italian-American neighbourhood before relocating to Fort Greene,
the setting of his debut film She's Gotta Have It in 1986. The director attended
the NYU film school where he was inspired by the success of Jim Jarmusch's
Stranger Than Paradise to make his own independent film. His appearance as the
B-boy Mars Blackmon in the film led to a call from Nike who asked him to star in
and direct commercials with the then rising basketball star Michael Jordan. It
was through these adverts that Lee first entered the American public
consciousness. They were also the beginnings of his work to use his fame to
raise concerns about race in America.

It's amazing to think that there is now a black man in the White House when only
20 years ago Do The Right Thing made such a play of promoting the campaign of
David Dinkins to become the first black mayor of New York. Lee, a vocal
supporter of Obama's presidential bid, admits that there was no way that he
could have foreseen or even dreamed of such speedy progress. "I couldn't imagine
there being a black President five years ago, let alone in 1989. So it's a
testament to the United States of America, but at the same time I'm not drinking
that post-racial climate Kool-Aid. I don't think that exists yet."

The director has never shied away from saying what he thinks on race issues or
creating stories in which race and creed is seen as pivotal. He criticised
racism within the African-American community in his second film, School Daze
before turning his eye to black-and-white tensions in Do The Right Thing. Mo'
Better Blues set in a jazz club was criticised for its depiction of greedy
Jewish club managers while Jungle Fever dealt with inter-racial relationships.
The director was even accused of playing the race card when he put himself
forward as the right man to tell the Malcolm X story on screen in the early
Nineties. The Alex Haley biography was, he said, simply the most pivotal book he
had read while growing up. Then, just when it seemed that he was making films
that veered away from race as a central topic, the director made Bamboozled in
2000, an under-rated satire about a modern black-and-white minstrel show. Lee is
a director who responds to his own environment and as race has become a less
important issue in his own life, it's taken up less space in his films.

I ask whether the changes that have taken place in America over the past two
decades mean that a film like Do The Right Thing could not be made today. "It
would be very hard to make a film like this today", he answers. "Not because the
subject is irrelevant. I don't think the studios would do this. I have to thank
Tom Pollock who was running Universal Pictures at the time. He put the weight of
the studio behind me for this film and supported me, even when people wanted to
waver and divorce themselves from the film."

Today, Lee is finding it more difficult to source funding for his films. Like so
many Hollywood auteurs, he recently had to go to Europe to finance work such as
his last fiction movie the World War 2 Buffalo Soldiers fantasy Miracle at St
Anna. His one big box-office success of the past few years, indeed the biggest
hit of his career, was the heist movie Inside Man, which was backed by a major
studio. The director is famous for his work ethic and like Woody Allen, a
director to whom he was unfairly compared when he first burst on to the scene,
he tries to make a film a year. At the Tribeca Film Festival in April he
unleashed two new documentaries. The first, Kobe Doin' Work, follows basketball
star Kobe Bryant with multiple cameras during a NBA playoff game. The director
took his inspiration from Douglas Gordon and Philippe Parreno's Zidane, a 21st
Century Portrait. The second, Passing Strange, saw Lee, as he had done with The
Huey P Newton Story in 2001, film a successful stage play. His movie of the Tony
award-winning rock musical about a black musician in 1970s LA setting out on a
journey to find himself was well received, allowing the production to live on in
posterity long after the final curtain had come down.

Now Lee has a number of projects on the backburner, including a biopic of Joe
Louis written by the late Budd Schulberg. "Right now I'm about to teach class
again at the NYU film school. Besides being a professor there, I'm also an
artistic director there at NYU graduation film programme", he says. "I'm working
on some new ideas and hopefully we can get Inside Man 2 off the ground. A sequel
is something that I've never done before." As with everything in Hollywood at
the moment, even this is not a sure thing. "It still might not get made, but we
had such a great time making the first, with Denzel Washington, Jodie Foster and
Clive Owen and all the New York character actors surrounding them, so hopefully
Universal will let us do this baby."

Next Lee is turning his attention to the stage once again, not yet as a director
of a play, a long-held ambition he has yet to fulfil. He explains: "There is a
young man, Lemon Andersen, who had a small part in Inside Man and who also used
to be one of the Def Poetry Jam writers, he has a one-man show that will play at
the Public Theatre in New York and it will be billed as Spike Lee Presents,
which essentially is a way to encourage some people who might not otherwise go
to see the play County of Kings. But I'm sure that after they see his play,
Lemon won't need a Spike Lee Presents again."

The defining moment of the summer for Lee was hearing that Michael Jackson had
died. Lee made the music video to Jackson's controversial 1996 tune, "They Don't
Care About Us", and was bewildered on hearing the news. "I was in Cannes, for a
conference, and I just happened to turn on CNN. I didn't go to bed that night, I
just kept on the TV. It was a big, big loss." Lee responded by hosting a dance
party on what would have been Jackson's 51st birthday in Brooklyn's Prospect
Park last month.

The sight of Lee leading the singing on stage is a far cry from his reputation
for being a difficult interviewee, a man perhaps who lives up to his prickly
first name. It's true to say that Spike is not someone you're going to meet at a
train station and become Facebook pals with, yet he is not as tough as some
would have us to believe. In truth he's shy, and gets animated only when
conversation hits a subject that he's keen to talk about, such as movies, music,
politics or American football. His life is taken up with the business of making
films, and whether Inside Man 2 happens or not, one thing is for sure, it won't
be long before he's back in his favourite place, the director's chair.

Kaleem Aftab is the author of 'Spike Lee: That's My Story and I'm Sticking To
It' (Faber)

'The Independent' Interview with Spike Lee takes place at 8.45pm on Monday 21st
September at BFI Southbank, London SE1, with a screening of 'Do the Right Thing'
beforehand at 6.30pm. The BFI Southbank's 'Fight the Power' season continues
until 30 September. For more information, visit www.bfi.org.uk or call 020-7928
3232 for tickets.

'Pain, rage and sex': famous fans on 'Do the Right Thing'

* SAMUEL L JACKSON

"During that time Spike Lee was kind of a symbol for a generation of people, and
he did things that totally appealed to a certain generation. He was depicting a
slice of life that people wanted to see. Folk like to see themselves on screen,
and he was the only person showing them young, hip black people who had a voice.
People who were disenfranchised but trying to find a place. He put them out
there."

* PHILIP SEYMOUR HOFFMAN

"I grew up on Spike Lee, with Spike Lee, as both an audience and a fan. When
there was a new Spike Lee film it was like, 'You got to go see a Spike Lee
movie.' When he was making the earlier films such as 'Do the Right Thing', he
was doing something so new and so refreshing, especially for what there was to
see in the cinema. He was addressing things in the here and now, and he really
attacked the issue."

* KWAME KWEI-ARMAH

"The beautiful thing about 'Do the Right Thing' was that it was a combination of
two powerful influences of the 1980s and my formative years. It was when Spike
Lee met Public Enemy on a movie set. The film spoke about pain, rage and sex, it
was an extraordinary collision of everything I wanted to see and hear. It just
validated everything that I was feeling about the time."

* ED NORTON

"I felt that people were responding in exactly the opposite way to the people
who were writing about 'Do the Right Thing' and saying, 'This is a dangerous
film, it's going to cause violence.' I sat there thinking the exact opposite.
What I realised, way down the road, is what made people uncomfortable with it
was that it didn't offer any easy answers."

* MARC BOOTHE PRODUCER, BULLET BOY

"'Do the Right Thing' still holds up today. The film was when it all came
together in terms of the ideology and catching the energy of the time, with
Public Enemy, Malcolm X and hip-hop culture. It was a brilliant blend of social
commentary, and it looked at race politics in a way that has not been done as
well or as effectively since. It showed an artist of rare confidence at the top
of his game as a storyteller at what was a pretty amazing time in terms of black
cinema."

* JOHN TURTURRO

"He was always a very open person even when I first met him on 'Do the Right
Thing'. I remember reading his scripts, there was something about that script
and I thought this could be really interesting. I had problems, like with the
end of the movie, and I was able to tell him. I still think my favourite parts
of the movie are the humorous parts. The film scores even more points there."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TR


                      Copyright 2009 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    March 7, 2002 Thursday Marshall Edition

Bauer belittles budget suggestion

BYLINE: By MARTIN DeAGOSTINO; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D4; GENERAL ASSEMBLY 2002

LENGTH: 410 words


INDIANAPOLIS - State Rep. B. Patrick Bauer has ridiculed as fantasy a Republican
suggestion that the state could lighten its budget woes by tapping the balances
in nonreverting state accounts.

Bauer, D-South Bend, said most of the accounts contain dedicated money that
can't be used for other purposes, or they hold so little money they would barely
dent the problem.

"There may be a few million here and a few million there," Bauer said. "What I'm
trying to say is, the bulk of these is bogus."

Bauer was responding to a Republican suggestion, issued Wednesday, that the
state has ready access to about $278 million in 20 nonreverting accounts. The
accounts hold money for specific purposes, such as recycling assistance or
school loans, but the Republicans said many of the accounts hold more money than
is needed for their specific purposes and could be tapped.

"All of these amounts together make a difference," state Auditor Connie Nass
said.

Sen. Robert Meeks, R-LaGrange, said the existence of the accounts underscores
what Republicans have said for months: "We feel there (are) ways to get by this
fiscal cycle without having any revenue enhancements."

Meeks acknowledged that a one-time infusion of $278 million would not solve the
state's budget woes, which involve an ongoing deficit of about $700 million per
year. But he said "anything we can do to decrease that obviously makes it
better."

But Bauer, glancing briefly at Nass' list of 20 nonreverting accounts, said few
could be used for anything other than the stated purpose. He cited the common
school fund, which the state constitution both created and limits in purpose.

"This money is obligated money and it's put in those categories for a purpose,"
he said.

Bauer did not exclude the possibility of shifting some money from nonreverting
accounts to the General Fund, if the legislature authorizes it. But he estimated
that only $50 million would be available and noted that even the
Republican-controlled Senate has authorized transfers of only $75 million.

"The Senate already spoke," he said, "and that was the number they thought (was
available)."

David Reynolds, a fiscal analyst at the bipartisan State Budget Agency, said
Gov. Frank O'Bannon has already proposed using some nonreverting balances and
that the budget agency is looking at the potential for more.

Staff writer Martin DeAgostino: mdeagostino@sbtinfo.com (317) 634-1707


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              244 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 28, 2000, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

QUICK-WITTED HOPKINS MAKES LIGHT TALK OF HIS BIG ROLE WITH THE TITANS;
ILLINI PRODUCT TAKES ADVANTAGE OF RARE TIME IN THE SPOTLIGHT

BYLINE: Kathleen Nelson; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. C8

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Brad Hopkins has finally found a stage big enough for his wit -- and his
backside.

The Titans offensive tackle has spent the past seven seasons as the town crier
in the team locker room. At the Super Bowl, though, the Illinois grad has a
large and appreciative audience.

The 6-foot-3, 305-pounder belittles his weight struggles, admitting that the
size of his derriere, "offsets the size of Orlando Pace's head."

Hopkins has only nice things to say about his teammates, though.

On quarterback Steve McNair's back surgery at the beginning of the season: "They
went to the junk yard and found a spare few parts. Now he's as good as new."

On running back Eddie George: "The only thing that will take him out is if the
league folds."

Even though Hopkins has lots to say, few have written about him. He may love
sharing his wit and charm with the media but in the huddle, Hopkins says he's "a
deaf-mute."

This incredulous fact was confirmed by center John Runyan.

"There's a few guys he'll jabber with -- guys he knows well -- just a little
junk," Runyan said. "He really doesn't say much."

Perhaps his experiences in college and the NFL taught him that everything has a
place. Illinois coach Mike White recruited Hopkins, a native of Moline, Ill., as
a tight end. But a summer in the weight room and a job at Long John Silver's
caused Hopkins to gain 40 pounds, and he was moved to offensive line.

He and White, now the Rams assistant head coach, exchanged pleasantries after
the Titans beat the Rams 24-21 on Oct. 31.

"We waved and said hello," said White, adding that the meeting was the only
bright spot in an otherwise unpleasant day. "It's fun to see him . . . to cross
paths along the way."

Hopkins was drafted by the Oilers in 1993. Much ballyhoo encircled his
selection, as the team that now is the Titans traded up to 13th from 19th to get
him.

The customary top-pick holdout ensued, only adding to the expectations.  Once
Hopkins appeared on the field, fans and coaches were bound to be disappointed.

He was thrust into the starting role without warning six weeks into the season
and was the lightning rod when the line gave up six sacks against the Jets.

Hard to believe that when asked in 1995 if he enjoyed football, the quipster
responded: "Ask me that again in a few years."

A few years later, he's sorted it out with help from his then-fiance, now-wife,
Kellie.

"I would tell her how unhappy I was," Hopkins said. "She couldn't believe it.
But with all the criticism and scrutiny, I truly meant it."

Kellie preached patience, and Hopkins learned from it. "Experience brings
maturity and confidence," Hopkins said. "I have learned to accept criticism
because it's going to come, and I can't stop it."

He also seems to have learned that the best defense is a good offense. His wit
and sarcasm have made him a master of the pre-emptive strike.

When critics can contend that Tennessee has been lucky, Hopkins responds, "Yeah.
We've never beaten anybody. Everybody's just played bad, 15 times the whole
season. We just happen to catch people when they stub their toes."

The real secret to the Titans' success, he said, is that "everybody really wants
to say that they had a hand in a successful team, regardless if it's blocking,
catching, running, tackling, whatever it is.

"I try not to drag them down too much."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo Headshot by CHRIS LEE / POST-DISPATCH - Brad Hopkins was
drafted by the Houston Oilers in 1993.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              245 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 14, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

Riley Directs a Quality Production;
Coach Has Lakers Right on Cue, Drops Curtain on Personal Accolades

BYLINE: Anthony Cotton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C4

LENGTH: 925 words

DATELINE: INGLEWOOD, Calif., June 13, 1987


The annals of nearby Hollywood are filled with tales of actors pulling out all
the stops in their quest for an Academy Award. Joan Crawford employed a public
relations firm that successfully delivered her an Oscar in 1945 for the film
"Mildred Pierce." Even the Duke, John Wayne, allegedly browbeat the motion
picture academy into seven nominations for "The Alamo," by most accounts a
perfectly dreadful film.

It is something of a surprise then to find Los Angeles Lakers Coach Pat Riley,
in the midst of much celluloid status, almost begging not to be honored with an
award of his own, say, NBA coach of the year.

"I don't want to belittle the award -- it does mean something -- but I think I
became a good coach when I stopped worrying about things like recognition. I'm
glad I don't have that problem anymore," he said today in his office at the
Forum, one day before his team would face the Boston Celtics in an attempt to
win the league's grandest prize -- the championship trophy. "Maybe one day,
about 20 years from now, someone will look back and decide to give me one of
those lifetime achievement awards."

At the rate he's going, there's a chance such an award would be named after
Riley. In almost six full seasons, the Lakers have won 351 games and lost 130,
ending each year atop the Pacific Division. Those victories helped Riley become
the coach to reach 300 victories quickest.

Riley also has the highest winning percentage in NBA history, both in the
regular season and playoffs. His 71 postseason victories rank below only
Boston's Red Auerbach and, should Los Angeles take the 1986-87 title, he would
join Auerbach and John Kundla as the only coaches to win three or more NBA
championships.

And yet, when the envelopes were opened after each NBA season, someone else's
name has been on the card -- Gene Shue, Don Nelson, Frank Layden, Nelson again,
Mike Fratello. This season, the winner -- by a handy margin -- was Mike Schuler,
whose Portland team finished second in the Pacific, trailing the Lakers by 16
games.

Perhaps not surprisingly, one of Riley's most vocal supportors is Celtics Coach
K.C. Jones, whose understated manner might have cost him the same honors that
have passed Riley by.

"The basis for not getting credit is the way coaches are graded; if a team that
has no talent finishes close to .500 it must be because their guy is doing a
helluva job," Jones said. "Let's not even get started talking about the
attitudes regarding [college-bred] coaches and ex-player coaches.

"It's weird; people make their lists of the top four or five coaches in the
league and Pat's not on it and K.C. Jones isn't on it, but if these other guys
are so good, how come they're not in the finals?"

Either Riley or Jones has coached in the finals since 1981-82, but the Celtics
won the title the season before that without Jones (he was an assistant under
Bill Fitch) and the Lakers took the crown the season before that without Riley.
Therein lies the main reason both men are often overlooked: critics argue that
the teams' talent has been so overwhelming that your next-door neighbor could
come up with 50 wins a season.

"He's in a situation where they say we have a lot of talent; we're not supposed
to lose; anybody could coach them," said guard Magic Johnson. "But he's opened
it up; when he decided to open up the offense to anybody, I think that was one
of his best moves . . . The last two years he's really started being great with
the Xs and Os and at making adjustments."

The latter area is perhaps Riley's greatest strength.

"When I came in, I'd never coached anywhere before, so what I started doing was
teaching a philosophy that I didn't know I'd even had," Riley said. "There were
never any ABCs, but over the years there's definitely been a definitive series
of things I believe in.

"I'm a tremendous believer in peer pressure. I look at our team as a big circle
with 12 parts and I'm on the perimeter just trying to make sure it stays
enclosed. It's okay for a player to have space and to get out on a limb at
times, but he has to be aware of the others and that they will pull him back in.

"I used to have these little 'Do not disturb' signs on strings. I know there are
times when every player is gone for the day; maybe he had a bad game the night
before, maybe he's having problems at home, that's fine. You can have that day,
even a day and a half. I'd put the sign around the player's neck and tell him to
go off in a corner; no one would say a word to him that day if that was what he
wanted. But after that, he had better be right back into it."

Riley's bad days have become fewer and farther between in recent years,
partially the result of his becoming a father two years ago. The birth of son
James almost perfectly coincided with the last of what he calls his "three
biggest nightmares."

The first came as a senior in high school, when Riley's previously undefeated
football team lost to its arch rival in the final seconds on a long pass thrown
over his head. The second came in 1966, when the University of Texas-El Paso,
then Texas Western, beat Riley and the heavily favored Kentucky basketball team
in the NCAA final.

The third came in 1984, when the Lakers lost the NBA championship to Jones and
the Celtics in an often-brutal, often-sweltering seven-game series.

"As for any future nightmares, I'm not planning on them," said Riley. "I'm still
looking at a dream, and it can come true tomorrow or it can come true on
Tuesday, but I believe it's going to come true."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, PAT RILEY HAS YET TO BE VOTED NBA COACH OF THE YEAR, SAYS, I
THINK I BECAME A GOOD COACH WHEN I STOPPED WORRYING ABOUT THINGS LIKE
RECOGNITION.", AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              246 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 23, 1995 Thursday FINAL EDITION

OSCAR NOMINEE LANGE BELITTLES HER LATEST MOVIE

BYLINE: W. Speers, This story contains material from the Associated, Press,
Reuters, New York Post and USA Today.

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE: PEOPLE; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 1023 words


Jessica Lange, nominated for best actress for her role in the movie Blue Sky,
has scandalized Hollywood suits by trashing her latest movie, Losing Isaiah.
"The film does not go deep enough," she says. "I also think they didn't know
what the hell to do with the ending so they settled on an ending that's neither
here nor there. . . . It's never made clear, for instance, why my character felt
compelled to adopt this child. This is a point I fought for like a dog, and I
resent the fact that I was led to believe it would be included in the film and
then was not. You begin to feel like they had a secret agenda the whole time."

LOCALLY CONNECTED

* Channel 10's Edie Huggins and Councilwoman Augusta Clark will be among those
honored tomorrow at the third annual Women in Achievement Awards of the
Afro-American Historical and Cultural Museum. The do at the Arch Street museum
begins at 6 p.m.

Marc Zumoff, 76ers announcer, will get the George Washington High School
Association's Golden Eagle award at a student assembly Tuesday. He's a GW and
Temple alum.

Flyers icon Bernie Parent, 76ers coach John Lucas and TV types Larry Kane, Jane
Robelot and Vai Sikahema will be among the auctioneers at the Philadelphia
Advertising Club's first celebrity auction to fund its new scholarship fund.
It'll run from 6 to 10 p.m. April 5 at the Hotel Atop the Bellevue. For details,
call 610-668-5505.

COUPLES

* Nothing to send you checking Tiffany's registry or anything, but Prince
Michael of Yugoslavia and Christy Turlington have hit it off over the cause of
kids affected by war. He, of course, has plenty of work in the Balkans, while
the model, whose mother is Salvadoran, is backing a learning center opening in
El Salvador in June.

Douglas McGrath, up for an Oscar for co-writing Bullets Over Broadway, will
marry Jane Martin June 3. She's an assistant to Woody Allen, McGrath's co-
nominee.

Sydney Penny, Julia on the TV soap All My Children, will marry Robert Powers in
September. Another soaper, Lisa Williams, conveniently named Lisa on Days of Our
Lives, gave birth to Tanner Edward, 7 1/4 pounds, March 6. She's wed to Mark
Williams.

Glenn Close announced yesterday that she was marrying Steve Beers, a carpenter
working on the Broadway musical Sunset Boulevard. They've dated about a year. No
date yet. It's her third, his second.

THE OSCARS ARE COMING!

* Nigel Hawthorne, best-actor nominee for The Madness of King George, found
himself the headline du jour in Brit papers yesterday for disclosing his gayness
in the latest Advocate mag. One said he made "history as the first openly gay
best-actor nominee." Hawthorne, 65, noting he's been with Trevor Bentham, 51,
for 15 years, said: "It's not a transitory thing. It's for life. We both know
that, and I think we are privileged. . . . My private life has never been a
secret. I've never been a closet queen." Added Bentham: "We're just a dear old
married couple. . . . It's not a question of Nigel and me coming out - we've
never been in."

THE O.J. TICKER

* Patricia Cochran, who has gone to court to get Johnnie Cochran to resume his
longtime support payments, says that O.J. Simpson's lead lawyer once called F.
Lee Bailey a buffoon and that his plans to dump Robert Shapiro from the Dream
Team for not "cutting it" were short-circuited when that Bailey- Shapiro feud
hit the streets. Patricia Cochran, 55, who for 28 years was the lawyer's
consort, took his name, and is the mother of his 22-year-old son, says Johnnie
Cochran cut off her $4,000-a-month checks after she went public with their
relationship on TV last month. His lawyer said that her legal action "is
motivated solely for the purpose of gaining publicity for a tabloid-style book
and for pure and simple greed." She said she had abortions at Johnnie Cochran's
behest in 1967 and 1969.

This week's re-emergence of Kato Kaelin as chief supporting actor in the Simpson
saga has led to media assessments of the nation's most famous houseboy. "Now
he's a somebody in a town of nobodies," offered TV Guide's Mark Schwed. "(He)
could be the next Tom Arnold." Said New York Daily News gossip Joanna Molloy: "I
really think that old image of 'Surf's up, dude' is passe. . . . Physically,
he's a blond bim(bo) but I think that is an old image of Hollywood." New York
Post celeb watcher Richard Johnson: "I think Kato is more deserving of fame than
Joey Buttafuoco and John Wayne Bobbitt. There's a category of subhumanoids that
are famous below Kato Kaelin." How far?

THE ACTING LIFE

* Stephen Fry, who disappeared for several days last month from a Brit stage
play and later pleaded stage fright, has been hospitalized. A spokesman for West
London's $625-a-night Cromwell Hospital declined to say what the actor is being
treated for. Fry, 37, was in the movies IQ and Peter's Friends.

Janeane Garofalo, the Saturday Night Live refugee who plays the nightmare date
in the movie Bye Bye, Love, said she was forced to go to acting school before
doing Reality Bites because it was her first film. "(Acting classes are) where
you meet people with a flair for the dramatic but not a shred of talent," she
says. "In Los Angeles, they're filled with extraordinarily good-looking people
who think that entitles them to an acting career." It doesn't?

MARKINGS

* Actress Elizabeth Hurley, Hugh Grant's longtime honey, was in a London
courtroom yesterday to testify against four young women who robbed her at
knifepoint in November. One defendant, 17, pleaded guilty to taking $16 and some
photos from Hurley.

The first new Beatles single in 25 years, released Monday in Britain, will be
available stateside April 4. The voice of John Lennon is the lead on "Baby, It's
You," a 1963 tape discovered in BBC archives.

Tix to that three-day Carnegie Hall tribute to Frank Sinatra July 24-26 go on
sale May 14. They are $45 to $195 for all three dates, or $15 to $70 for single
dates. "Carnegie Hall Celebrates the Music of Frank Sinatra" will star Linda
Ronstadt, Vic Damone, Rosemary Clooney, Jack Jones, Margaret Whiting, Michael
Feinstein and Frank Sinatra Jr.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NEWSMAKERS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (3)
1. Pope John Paul II gave Emilie Schindler a blessing at his audience
yesterday at St. Peter's Square in Vatican City. Schindler, widow of Oskar
Schindler, was honored for her own role in saving German Jews in World War II.
(Associated Press, ARTURO MARI)
2. Anita Hill, the University of Oklahoma law professor who accused her
former boss, Clarence Thomas, of sexual harassment, was the keynote speaker
Tuesday at a "Tribute to Women" lunch in South Bend, Ind.
3. Princess Diana chatted Tuesday with U.S. photographer Richard Avedon at a
show of his work in the National Portrait Gallery in London. The photo in the
background is that of fashion model Twiggy, who is behind Diana. (Associated
Press)

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 7, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

All greed aside, it's still baseball

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 745 words



Unlike any other sport, baseball extends our childhood. How many of us made
fumbling attempts at playing the game? Fifty million? We're left with some
understanding of rare skills demanded to backhand a hot grounder, throw out a
runner or put the ash to a 95-mile-an-hour pitch.

    Oh, sure, these are the "Pay Nineties," where big-leaguers make salaries
befitting movie stars and captains of industry. But no matter the smelly greed,
bickering and arrogance, we will eventually shovel aside the manure of avarice,
and spend another summer hugging the game.

    Predictions aren't my thing, but if you promise to not clip, save or
belittle, here goes National League East
    1. Chicago Cubs (Sandberg, Dawson, Grace and Bell give the baby bears from
Wrigley the most imposing lineup in baseball's least imposing division.)

    2. New York Mets (Fernandez is hurt, and I'm not sure Viola is well. It may
take a 25-win season from Gooden for Shea to grin.)

    3. Pittsburgh Pirates (If Bonilla gets his money, and Bonds shuts up and
plays, the baseball Bucs could challenge.)

    4. Montreal Expos (In the art of replacing better-known, more-costly
athletes with hungry, less-expensive youth, the Expos are Rembrandts.)

    5. St. Louis Cardinals (Speaking of kids, somehow I think the Redbirds will
squeeze enough from rookies Gilkey and Lankford to make Joe Torre's managerial
return less flinching.)

    6. Philadelphia Phillies (Life may sweeten if Dale Murphy rediscovers his
mid-1980s Atlanta stroke.)
 National League West


   1. Los Angeles Dodgers (Strawberry has found religion, and if he now finds
happiness amid a Murray-Butler-Daniels order, it could put LA on top. Valenzuela
is history but Martinez is a wonder arm.)

    2. Cincinnati Reds (Don't ask me why I don't think 1990 will reoccur. Maybe
it's because I'm convinced Schottzie will bite Piniella this year.)

    3. San Francisco Giants (Nobody has better mid-lineup clout than
Clark-Mitchell-Williams, but pitching may prohibit Candlestick celebrations.)

    4. San Diego Padres (Exchanging Carter, Clark and Alomar for Fernandez and
McGriff won't make champs of the Pods, even in new and nicer uniforms.)

    5. Atlanta Braves (Some are actually picking Atlanta to contend.  Have they
forgotten the Braves are the Tampa Bay Bucs of baseball?)

    6. Houston Astros (Now the weakest franchise of all, testimony to John
McMullen's unsightly ownership.)
 American League East


   1. Boston Red Sox (Tough pick between them and Toronto, but if Boston gets
Fenway thump from Clark and finds an arm to back up Clemens with maybe 15 wins,
even the Ruth ghost could finally be shooed.)

    2. Toronto Blue Jays (Big trades brought in happier campers, and it's a
tossup with Boston to be decided by one pitching performance on either side.)

    3. Baltimore Orioles (Better lineup with Glenn Davis' power, but pitching is
too young and too questionable.)

    4. Detroit Tigers (Every spring, Sparky Anderson's optimism affects me. But
isn't it delirious to think Cecil Fielder can approach 50-dinger duplication?)

    5. New York Yankees (Is this the summer that I learn the names of a few of
Don Mattingly's playmates?)

    6. Milwaukee Brewers (Franchise is classic case of smaller market being
hampered by shortage of dollars.)

    7. Cleveland Indians (Whatever happened to Feller, Lemon, Wynn, Garcia and
that crowd?)
 American League West


   1. Oakland A's (Why can't I get it out of my noggin that this is easily
baseball's best team?)

    2. Kansas City Royals (It's time KC got lucky with millions invested in
pitching arms, and Mike Boddicker could make it happen.)

    3. Chicago White Sox (New ballpark and new hope bring smiles to Chicago's
South Side. Tim Raines should help. But a still-tender pitching staff is a huge
if.)

    4. Texas Rangers (Terrific lineup, Nolan Ryan and others, but this division
is too salty.)

    5. California Angels (Who said the Seniors League folded? Don't I see gray
Daves Parker and Winfield adding fuel to Angels offense?)

    6. Seattle Mariners (If they find a Ken Griffey III, the Kingdomers could
climb farther from the dungeon.)

    7. Minnesota Twins (Once the ante rose, the Twins began losing darlings from
its World Series season.)

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              248 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

More to life than hockey: Nobody knew that better than father of Wings' McCarty,
before losing battle with cancer

BYLINE: BOB DUFF

SECTION: Sports; E1 / BREAK

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


The Colorado Avalanche had just eliminated Detroit from the playoffs, ending the
Red Wings' two-year reign as champions.

Hockeytown had a heartache.

Craig McCarty had perspective.

''It's only a hockey game,'' the father of Red Wings player Darren McCarty said
as he walked toward the Detroit dressing room, watching the empty stares of
Wings fans.

His intent wasn't to belittle the importance of the Stanley Cup, but merely to
signify that such a loss should never be viewed as the end of the world.

Craig McCarty understood this more than anyone in the rink that night.

He died yesterday morning, losing his hard-fought battle with multiple myeloma,
a terminal form of bone cancer.

As he struggled against the deadly disease that eventually defeated him, Craig
remained amazingly upbeat. In some ways, he viewed his fate as an advantage and
tried to get others with terminal illnesses to grasp this concept. He knew how
much time he had left on Earth and he intended to make the most of it.

''I do a lot of talking to people with cancer and one of the things we have to
get out of the way is that you have to understand that we are all terminal,'' he
said earlier this year.

''The disease does take its course. Of that, we have no control over. But our
lives, our destiny, are still our own.''

The doctors gave him two years to live when Craig was diagnosed with the cancer
in January of 1996.

''I understand that's what's going to happen,'' he would say of his terminal
status. ''But I'm not ready. And I'm going to fight it for a long time.''

He raged against the ravages of the disease for nearly four years. Craig didn't
just survive, he thrived through his remaining days. We should all be blessed
with his courage.

''Craig put up a huge fight,'' said Red Wings centre Kris Draper, who got a call
from his best friend, Darren, at 5 a.m. yesterday, informing him of the tragic
news. ''He was a great battler and a great man.''

At times, it seemed as if Craig was in the Detroit dressing room as much as the
players, always greeting well-wishers with warmth and a smile. Pity was never
sought, nor was it offered.

Throughout Craig's courageous battle, it was easy to see where Darren's
toughness came from. It never mattered to Darren that Craig wasn't his birth
father, having married Darren's mother, Roberta, when Darren was a youngster.

''He's the man I call Dad,'' Darren said, ''because as far as I'm concerned, he
is my father. ''

Darren set up the McCarty Cancer Foundation as a Father's Day present for Craig
in 1997. Craig wrote a book about their experiences and that was Darren's 1998
Father's Day present. Darren helped Craig battle cancer. Craig helped Darren
battle his alcoholism.

''I think (their shared life experiences) brought them closer together,'' Draper
said. ''They were always father and son. With what happened, it made them best
friends.''

Detroit winger Brendan Shanahan lost his father, Donal, to Alzheimer's disease
in 1990 and saw logic in Craig McCarty's view of his limited future.

''In a situation like that, it's inevitable,'' Shanahan said of death. ''Maybe
it is a blessing in disguise, because you can say your goodbyes.''

Craig McCarty knew death was imminent, yet harboured no fear of this reality.

''How you live between now and when you die, a lot of that is determined between
your ears,'' he would say.

Dying never concerned him.

Living always mattered most.


LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: MIKE WEAVER, WINDSOR STAR / Craig McCarty gave a thumbs-up
sign while watching his son, Darren, play with the Red Wings during a 1997 game
at Detroit's Joe Louis Arena.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 24, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

DAVIS BELITTLES ROZELLE CHARGE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 175 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, July 23


Al Davis, owner of the Oakland Raiders, testifying in the final stages of his
team's antitrust suit against the National Football League, said today that he
loved professional football as much as Commissioner Pete Rozelle did.

Rozelle had testified earlier in the day that a court victory by the Raiders
would spark uncontrolled auctions for teams by cities across the nation. ''I've
heard this lament for many years,'' Davis said. ''It comes from people who
resist change.''

Davis testified that, when the league made changes involving player
compensation, lifting television blackouts of games, player drafting and other
issues, Rozelle would say, ''This is the end of professional football.''

Following Rozelle's appearance during the 50th day of testimony in the Raiders'
multimillion-dollar antitrust suit against the N.F.L., the league rested its
defense.

The Raiders and Davis sued the N.F.L. after the league blocked the Raiders'
proposed move to Los Angeles.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              250 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Political Memo;
Cuomo Seeking the Presidency? Yes, He Isn't, Maybe He Is

BYLINE: By KEVIN SACK,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 858 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 24


Since putting the state budget to rest three weeks ago, Gov. Mario M. Cuomo has
appeared on national television to belittle the Supreme Court nominee Clarence
Thomas and has told a convention of black Baptists that the national debate on
quotas reflects a Republican strategy to make an issue of race.

He has issued a news release saying that President Bush's economic policy "lacks
any formula for sustainable, long-term growth" and has told reporters that the
Republican economic agenda "is zero."

He has invited photographers from Life magazine to document a day in his life
and has directed his staff to find places for him to deliver speeches attacking
the White House, including one at the American Stock Exchange on Thursday
morning.

But please do not ask the Governor whether he is acting like a Presidential
candidate. Such suggestions generate an expression of boredom and contempt
usually reserved for Republican foes in the State Senate.

'No Plans to Make Plans'

"Why should it be," he snapped at a forum of the New York State Broadcasters
Association in Saratoga Springs on Monday, "that if you happen to have eight and
a half years as Governor, having all that background, having a platform to
discuss national issues, if you do it in any plausible way then it follows you
should be running for President?

"And if you're not, then there's something wrong with you. Either you've got a
Mafia uncle hidden away in a closet or you've got some serious illness or you've
got some psychic indisposition. Why should that be?"

Such is the curse of being Mario Cuomo, a burden that has not been lifted by his
poor showing at the polls last November, his state's dire fiscal troubles or his
unbending insistence that he has "no plans and no plans to make plans" to run.

Those closest to the Governor take him at his word. Of 13 current and former
Cuomo aides surveyed in the last week, none said they believed that Mr. Cuomo
would run for President. But many also believe there is a method to his
high-profile approach to national politics.

"My gut tells me he's not going to do it, but I don't think it hurts for people
to think he might," said one top Cuomo aide. "With the Legislature, it's
certainly better than them thinking that this will be his last term and that
he's a lame duck."

Mr. Cuomo's popularity is lagging after a budget fight that ended with a record
delay, severe spending cuts and a broken pledge against raising income taxes. He
is caught in the middle of a dangerous political impasse with Mayor David N.
Dinkins over how to rescue New York City from severe service reductions and
projections of mounting deficits.

Against that political backdrop, the Governor has set out to use New York's
fiscal crisis to illustrate the Federal Government's abandonment of its
obligations to the states and cities. Mr. Cuomo does not mind if the perception
of him as a potential candidate adds power to his message.

His message may also help mend fences with constituents who are stewing about
this year's combination of deep cuts and higher taxes.

Mr. Cuomo's speeches on Federal economic policy effectively shift the blame for
the state's budget travails from Albany to Washington. He received a standing
ovation last week at Union Baptist Church in Hempstead, L.I., when he told a
black audience that Republicans were raising the quota issue to divide the
electorate along racial lines.

The Governor's practice of leading the intellectual charge against the
Republicans while avoiding the hand-to-hand combat of a campaign has become a
familiar one since 1984, when his speech to the Democratic National Convention
made him an instant celebrity within his party.

He has been consistent -- at least since announcing in February 1987 that he
would not run in 1988 -- in maintaining that he is not considering the 1992
race.

But he has allowed speculation to continue by not veering from his carefully
crafted "no plans" disavowal and by announcing last year that he would not
promise to serve out his third four-year term, which began in January. Late last
year the Governor rejected the advice of a top aide that he use his 1991 State
of the State speech to declare that he would not be a candidate.

Knowing that there is skepticism about his intent, Mr. Cuomo has even started
arguing the case against a Cuomo candidacy. This week he advised the Democrats
to find a "nonthreatening" candidate, and said that "distinct ethic types," like
himself, did not always fit that category.

He also said in an interview that if he were going to run, he would have had to
establish a campaign structure by now.

The Governor has expressed increasing irritation at the notion that he, like all
politicians, must want to be President.

"The American idea is you have to be the star, you have to be the leader, you
have to keep going up even if you don't feel like it, even if you're satisfied,
even if you think you've arrived at a level where you think you can make an
intelligent contribution," he said on Monday. "God forbid you want to be a
member of the chorus and not a quarterback."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              251 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 25, 2004 Friday

Shortened title should be used for post office honoring hero

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1085 words


Editor: In no way do I wish to belittle the heroism of Sgt. Paul Smith that
resulted in his being nominated for the  Medal of Honor. He is indeed a hero.

I certainly endorse renaming a postal branch after him. But I do object to the
name suggested:  Sergeant First Class Paul Ray Smith Post Office Building.

Using the same logic, the Washington Dulles Airport should be renamed the
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles International Airport.  Similarly,
Chicago's O'Hare Field should be renamed the Lieutenant Commander Edward "Butch"
O'Hare International Airport.  Or the streets named M.L. King Boulevard or MLK
Boulevard could be renamed the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.

How about simply calling it the Paul Smith Post Office Building?

Keep it short.  Keep it simple.

Bill Richards, Trinity

School Board should not restrict voters

Editor: It is sad that the Pasco County School Board desires to disenfranchise
Pasco voters.

Because it appears Heather Fiorentino has a good chance of becoming our next
superintendent, the School Board wants to strip away the right of the citizens
to choose their top administrator by election and move to an appointed system
where the board has sole discretion.

The only reason why the board desires this is because it does not trust us. The
board believes we do not  have the ability to weigh the strengths and weaknesses
of a candidate and come to an informed decision. Because we may not choose the
board's preferred candidate, the board members believe we must be too ignorant
to understand our options.

If the citizens of Pasco cannot be trusted to elect the right person to be the
top administrator of the School District, can we be trusted to elect the top
administrator of our state or even our nation? The lack of faith and trust our
School Board members have for the 250,000 registered voters is alarming.

Ryan O'Reilly, Wesley Chapel

+ Editor's note: The writer is an announced candidate for Pasco School Board.

Writer's column on level of well knowns

Re: Gift-giving days let men focus on follicles, June 21 column

Editor: I read the column by Chase Squires with many a laugh. His dry sense of
humor and his satire should rank him with the well knowns like Dave Barry. I
think I would have titled the article, "Advertisers focus on follicles," but the
content was excellent.

I guess I'll start looking for his name and reading his articles on a regular
basis.

Be sure to thank him from me.

Raymond Miller, Spring Hill

Boaters should help save old treasures

Editor: I have some real concerns about our endangered manatees. I support
manatee protection in Florida.

When you get up close to a manatee, you can't help but notice all the marks on
it. I can't imagine how it must feel to be hit by a boat and survive with all
those marks to show for it.

Someone must put a stop to this insanity. All I ask for is for boaters to slow
down. It's just a small price to pay for the life of many manatees. They are
Florida's unique creatures, and it  would be a shame to see them go. So, please,
protect our manatees.

Samantha Bacon, Holiday

Article did well in telling tale of struggle

Re: The felon, the "fraud,' and the fuming residents, June 20

Editor: I've seen it many times. Con people who don't have enough money to fight
back and you will always get away with it.

Thanks to staff writer Steve Thompson for telling the story.

Robert Lima, Hudson

Duck problem rests more with builders

Re: Muscovy ducks

Editor: I am appalled at that attitude some people have toward these Muscovy
ducks.

Must people be reminded that the ducks were here first? If it wasn't for greedy
builders and residents having to snatch up every piece of land, then maybe these
ducks wouldn't be without a place of their own.

I have Muscovy ducks in my neighborhood. I enjoy watching and feeding them.
However, there aren't too many left because speeders have run them over. Who is
next on the agenda, stray cats?  Will they be boiling them, too?

Murjani Lacombe, St. Petersburg

Please treat truck drivers with respect

Editor: My heart goes out to the truck driver because my son drives a concrete
block 60-foot truck for 12 hours a day and sometimes tells me stories.

I worry constantly. Why?  Because drivers in this day seem to be in another
world. They are not concentrating on their driving. They are the ones who pull
right in front of you and think they are great.   They are the ones who want to
get into your trunk.   They are the ones who speed up only to get to the traffic
light at the same time as you.

Never mind the ones who are on their cell phones, or how about the ones who are
putting makeup on or have a dog on their lap while eating? What in the world is
wrong with these people?

You simply cannot pull in front of a semitrailer truck  and stop. What do you
expect the driver to do?

Please have a little more courtesy on the road and do not give the truck drivers
a hard time.

Mae Incardone, Bayonet Point

Being blind doesn't have to ruin lifestyle

Editor: It is with sadness that we mourn the passing of singer and entertainer
Ray Charles. He delighted generations of people with his unique style and grace,
lighting up millions with his soulful music.

But let us not forget that Ray Charles was a man who lived day to day with a
severe disability. Ray Charles was totally blind, being slowly robbed of his
eyesight by age 7, due to glaucoma.

Aside from his wonderful talents, what made him so special was the fact that
despite his blindness, he faced life with courage, determination and a fierce
sense of independence. This inspired people all over the world, showing them
that they could rise above their struggle with blindness and lead fulfilling
lives.

We at the Lighthouse for the Visually Impaired and Blind, serving Hernando and
Pasco counties, see this same courage, determination and desire for independence
emerge when individuals in our communities come to participate in our
Independent Living Skills programs.

Lighthouse clients learn techniques to continue living their lives to the
fullest and to gain confidence in their abilities to meet the everyday
challenges that come with experiencing a significant loss of vision.

All of the programs at Lighthouse for the Visually Impaired and Blind are free
of charge. We can help you light your way to independence and hope for the
future.

Don Griffin, executive director

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              252 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 23, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Why Crossword Puzzles Use Such Words;
Snared by Own Springe

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 96 words


To the Editor:

Jessica Raimi makes a good case (letter, Nov. 7) for greater use of Spanish
words in crossword puzzles. However, when she belittles French and Latin as word
sources, she falls into her own springe.

''French and Latin are elitist, exclusive and passe, if not downright
reactionary,'' Ms. Raimi alleges.

All four of those adjectives are from French or Latin. ''Elite'' and ''passe''
are both entirely French. ''Exclusive'' is from the Latin ''excludere,'' and
''reactionary'' is from the Latin ''reactus.''

VICTOR COLE
Staten Island, Nov. 7, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              253 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

No doom and gloom for Dodgers

BYLINE: Jeff Miller STAFF columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 792 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


I believe in the Dodgers.

I believe they'll win the National League West and advance to the playoffs,
where they'll meet the New York Mets in a rematch.

Only this time, unlike the 2006 NL Division Series, they won't be swept in three
games. They'll beat the Mets ... and then be swept in four games, in the NLCS,
by the St. Louis Cardinals. Yeah, those guys again.

But, hey, I believe in the Dodgers still.

To everyone who accuses me of constantly being negative, of believing in nothing
more than finding every conceivable way to criticize and belittle, I present
today's column full of genuine warmth and light.

Go ahead; hold these words next to your cheek. No, closer. Toasty, right?

I believe in the Dodgers, even as so many others have spent this summer fretting
over their leaky bullpen and thin rotation and Angel-like tendency to, in an
attempt to produce just a couple runs, instead often be left huffing and
puffing.

So the Dodgers lately have developed an alarming habit of being no-hit. I'm not
concerned about that, either, because strange things always happen in baseball,
a game, as Angels fans can attest, founded in failure.

Even after the Dodgers won the first two games of this key series against San
Francisco, some local media folks are wringing their hands, so hard I fear the
friction will cause their palms to, just like a Boy Scout's twigs, suddenly
ignite.

It's a funny thing with storied franchises like this one. Apparently based
solely on the fact they play in a major market and have been around long enough
to have done great things in grainy, black-and-white, the Dodgers are supposed
to be championship contenders every season.

If that's all it took, the New York Knicks would have won more NBA titles
all-time than the Miami Heat. Yet, for whatever reason, there is still shock
today that the Knicks so consistently stink.

Now, I'm aware, these particular Dodgers also have the first $300 million
payroll in sports. You'd think all that money would buy at least more than a
41/2-game division lead entering September.

But being rich guarantees nothing. And just remember that while soberly
contemplating all the possibilities contained in the phrase "President Trump."

Still, the easy thing to do right now is forecast Dodger doom based largely on
the fact that, unless Clayton Kershaw or Zack Greinke is pitching, they start to
resemble the ideal opponent to schedule for homecoming.

You know, a team with plenty of tradition but, on so many nights, not enough
teeth?

They are a flawed bunch, no question, a reality underscored when Don Mattingly
had to stick with poor Joc Pederson for entirely too long as the young
outfielder nearly drowned in a sea of empty at-bats.

From July 1 through the final day of August, Pederson had three home runs and
nine RBI, precisely what Toronto's Edwin Encarnacion produced Saturday.

Yet, there Pederson was Tuesday, hitting a huge homer against the Giants on a
night that boosted Dodger belief more than I ever could in this space.

Taken as a whole - that means including Kershaw and Greinke and every ounce of
confidence those two instill - the Dodgers look very much like a playoff team to
me, an observation that runs in direct opposition to the Angels, who, here a
week and a half ago, I announced look nothing like playoff participants.

Behind their pair of aces, the Dodgers will hold off the Giants, just as they
did with stunning symbolism and convenience - at least for purposes of this
column - late Monday in the opener of this three-game series.

Entering Wednesday's finale with San Francisco, the Dodgers had 20 games
remaining opposite teams with losing records and only 11 opposite teams with
winning records.

A division-best 11 games over .500 against the NL West entering Wednesday, the
Dodgers play the Padres, Diamondbacks and Rockies in those aforementioned 20
games, and who else thinks this was a bit of genius late-season scheduling?

I spent all last year touting the Angels as World Series-bound, an unlikely
spring training prediction that gained remarkable traction as they assembled the
best record in baseball.

I felt pretty good about that crazy pick, right up until the Angels ran into a
Kansas City team that, we'd all come to learn, figured out things at precisely
the right moment. My bold full house was ultimately beaten by a Royal flush.

With the arrival of September, I'm all-in on the Dodgers this time. Thanks to a
team that was just no-hit twice in 10 days, the Southland will not be shut out
in the postseason.

The Dodgers are going to win the NL West and advance to the playoffs. Of that
much, I'm absolutely, slam-dunk certain.

And that's saying something because, as so many readers love to remind me, I'm
never positive about anything.



jmiller@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

No doom and gloom for Dodgers

BYLINE: Jeff Miller STAFF columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 792 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


I believe in the Dodgers.

I believe they'll win the National League West and advance to the playoffs,
where they'll meet the New York Mets in a rematch.

Only this time, unlike the 2006 NL Division Series, they won't be swept in three
games. They'll beat the Mets ... and then be swept in four games, in the NLCS,
by the St. Louis Cardinals. Yeah, those guys again.

But, hey, I believe in the Dodgers still.

To everyone who accuses me of constantly being negative, of believing in nothing
more than finding every conceivable way to criticize and belittle, I present
today's column full of genuine warmth and light.

Go ahead; hold these words next to your cheek. No, closer. Toasty, right?

I believe in the Dodgers, even as so many others have spent this summer fretting
over their leaky bullpen and thin rotation and Angel-like tendency to, in an
attempt to produce just a couple runs, instead often be left huffing and
puffing.

So the Dodgers lately have developed an alarming habit of being no-hit. I'm not
concerned about that, either, because strange things always happen in baseball,
a game, as Angels fans can attest, founded in failure.

Even after the Dodgers won the first two games of this key series against San
Francisco, some local media folks are wringing their hands, so hard I fear the
friction will cause their palms to, just like a Boy Scout's twigs, suddenly
ignite.

It's a funny thing with storied franchises like this one. Apparently based
solely on the fact they play in a major market and have been around long enough
to have done great things in grainy, black-and-white, the Dodgers are supposed
to be championship contenders every season.

If that's all it took, the New York Knicks would have won more NBA titles
all-time than the Miami Heat. Yet, for whatever reason, there is still shock
today that the Knicks so consistently stink.

Now, I'm aware, these particular Dodgers also have the first $300 million
payroll in sports. You'd think all that money would buy at least more than a
41/2-game division lead entering September.

But being rich guarantees nothing. And just remember that while soberly
contemplating all the possibilities contained in the phrase "President Trump."

Still, the easy thing to do right now is forecast Dodger doom based largely on
the fact that, unless Clayton Kershaw or Zack Greinke is pitching, they start to
resemble the ideal opponent to schedule for homecoming.

You know, a team with plenty of tradition but, on so many nights, not enough
teeth?

They are a flawed bunch, no question, a reality underscored when Don Mattingly
had to stick with poor Joc Pederson for entirely too long as the young
outfielder nearly drowned in a sea of empty at-bats.

From July 1 through the final day of August, Pederson had three home runs and
nine RBI, precisely what Toronto's Edwin Encarnacion produced Saturday.

Yet, there Pederson was Tuesday, hitting a huge homer against the Giants on a
night that boosted Dodger belief more than I ever could in this space.

Taken as a whole - that means including Kershaw and Greinke and every ounce of
confidence those two instill - the Dodgers look very much like a playoff team to
me, an observation that runs in direct opposition to the Angels, who, here a
week and a half ago, I announced look nothing like playoff participants.

Behind their pair of aces, the Dodgers will hold off the Giants, just as they
did with stunning symbolism and convenience - at least for purposes of this
column - late Monday in the opener of this three-game series.

Entering Wednesday's finale with San Francisco, the Dodgers had 20 games
remaining opposite teams with losing records and only 11 opposite teams with
winning records.

A division-best 11 games over .500 against the NL West entering Wednesday, the
Dodgers play the Padres, Diamondbacks and Rockies in those aforementioned 20
games, and who else thinks this was a bit of genius late-season scheduling?

I spent all last year touting the Angels as World Series-bound, an unlikely
spring training prediction that gained remarkable traction as they assembled the
best record in baseball.

I felt pretty good about that crazy pick, right up until the Angels ran into a
Kansas City team that, we'd all come to learn, figured out things at precisely
the right moment. My bold full house was ultimately beaten by a Royal flush.

With the arrival of September, I'm all-in on the Dodgers this time. Thanks to a
team that was just no-hit twice in 10 days, the Southland will not be shut out
in the postseason.

The Dodgers are going to win the NL West and advance to the playoffs. Of that
much, I'm absolutely, slam-dunk certain.

And that's saying something because, as so many readers love to remind me, I'm
never positive about anything.



jmiller@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 21, 1993 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOLD THE ADJECTIVES, PLEASE

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 261 words


Walter Cronkite, the granddaddy of CBS news, said happy talk in place of
hard-hitting network coverage belittles the intelligence of viewers. ``Part of
it is understandable,'' he said in Friday's editions of The Herald-Sun of
Durham, N.C. He prefers a just-the-facts-ma'am approach, ``abjuring adjectives
and adverbs.'' In Phoenix, Cronkite presented United Press International
correspondent Helen Thomas with the Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in
Journalism and Telecommunication. Thomas, 73, has closed every White House news
conference for a generation by saying, ``Thank you, Mr. President.'' She has
covered every president since John F. Kennedy.

Have you heard . . . ?

Dennis Littky, a New Hampshire principal whose unorthodox methods nearly got him
run out of town, then made him the subject of a book and television movie, is
quitting. Littky, 49, told his students at Thayer High School in Winchester of
his decision Friday. The former New York City educator was fired in 1986 because
of his management philosophy and for allowing too much familiarity with pupils,
but won a temporary court injunction. He was the subject of the book Teacher and
was played by L.A. Law star Michael Tucker in the 1992 NBC movie A Town Torn
Apart.

Ivory Coast's ailing and aged president returned home on a stretcher over the
weekend. Felix Houphouet-Boigny, officially 88 but believed to be much older,
had retreated to Lake Geneva after prostate surgery at a Paris hospital. He has
led the Ivory Coast since its independence from France in 1960.

- Compiled by R.M. MOULTRIE

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  NEWSMAKERS / Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2 mugs / Cronkite, Walter & Thomas, Helen)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Clinton warns of recession under Trump;
She belittles his record in business and says he'd cause 'global panic'

BYLINE: MATT FLEGENHEIMER and AMY CHOZICK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 964 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio

ABSTRACT

Hillary Clinton belittled Donald J. Trump's record as a businessman and said his
economic policies would cause a global recession.

FULL TEXT

Hillary Clinton has pounded away  at Donald J. Trump's business record and
economic proposals, seeking to turn his claims of astounding financial success
and genius against him and predicting a recession and global panic if he is
elected president.

In a stern but earnest-sounding 45-minute speech on Tuesday at an education
center garage here, Mrs. Clinton took care to intermingle the policy
proclamations of Mr. Trump and his professed image as a business success of the
highest order.

''Donald Trump has said he's qualified to be president because of his business
record,'' Mrs. Clinton said. ''A few days ago he said - and I quote - 'I'm going
to do for the country what I did for my business.' So let's take a look.''

Though she leveled predictable blows against various Trump-branded products,
noting that many items - Trump ties, Trump steaks, Trump furniture - were made
outside the United States, Mrs. Clinton's most pointed refrains sought to depict
Mr. Trump, her presumptive Republican opponent, as an enemy to the very people
he claimed to champion in the primary.

She checked off the stumbles of his casino business in Atlantic City; disparaged
his companies' bankruptcies (Mr. Trump's many books about business ''all seem to
end at Chapter 11,'' she joked); and insisted that his ''one move'' in business
and politics was to make ''over-the-top promises'' and then let people down.

Mrs. Clinton invoked her father, who owned a small drapery business in Chicago,
as she described Mr. Trump's history of failing to pay painters, waiters,
plumbers and other contractors who had completed work for him.

''My late father was a small-businessman,'' she said. ''If his customers had
done what Trump did, my dad would never have made it. So I take this
personally.''

She added, ''This is not normal behavior.''

The barrage comes at a perilous moment for Mr. Trump, who fired his campaign
manager on Monday and faces severe disadvantages in fund-raising and
on-the-ground organization. One supporter introducing Mrs. Clinton said
gleefully that the campaign had more staff members in Ohio than Mr. Trump had
nationwide.

Although polls often show that voters see Mrs. Clinton as more qualified than
Mr. Trump on foreign policy, her economic views have not always been an easy
sell. In the Democratic primary race, she was dogged by criticism of her support
for trade deals struck during the administrations of her husband and President
Obama.

Mr. Trump, posting repeatedly on Twitter to counter Mrs. Clinton, said he
planned to make his own ''big speech'' on Wednesday to discuss her ''failed
policies and bad judgment.''

The Trump campaign, which has seldom engaged in rapid response, also sent a
barrage of news releases to reporters in an effort to undercut Mrs. Clinton's
arguments.

Their subjects included Bill Clinton's former position on the board of a
for-profit college, the loss of manufacturing jobs since 1993 and a slew of
negative headlines about economic indicators under Mr. Obama.

In one Twitter post, Mr. Trump seemed to embrace a label Mrs. Clinton had tried
to make stick: that he had referred to himself as the ''king of debt.''

''I am 'the king of debt,''' Mr. Trump wrote on Tuesday. ''That has been great
for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of
debt, will fix U.S.''

Mrs. Clinton had taken Mr. Trump to task for suggesting that the United States
might default on its debts under his leadership, arguing that Alexander
Hamilton, the first Treasury secretary, ''would be rolling in his grave.''

''The full faith and credit of the United States is not something you just
gamble away,'' she said, predicting that because the global economy ''hangs on
every word our president says,'' even raising the possibility of a default
''would cause a global panic.''

At one point, she ridiculed Mr. Trump's suggestion that he could ''sell off
America's assets'' if necessary.

''Even if we sold all our aircraft carriers and the Statue of Liberty, even if
we let some billionaire turn Yosemite into a private country club,'' she said,
''we still wouldn't even get close.''

Mrs. Clinton attacked Mr. Trump on several other issues, including immigration
and pay equality for women. She also ridiculed Mr. Trump for saying that climate
change was a ''hoax invented by the Chinese,'' noting that it was ''a lot easier
to say a problem doesn't exist than it is to actually try to solve it.''

The speech on Tuesday was the centerpiece of a coordinated attack on Mr. Trump's
fiscal sense. On Tuesday morning, Mrs. Clinton's team released a video, ''Bad
Businessman,'' featuring clips of figures including Mitt Romney and Senators
Marco Rubio and Elizabeth Warren insulting assorted Trump-branded ventures.

''What ever happened to Trump Airlines?'' Mr. Romney asks in one excerpt, taken
from a speech he made in March that struck a tone similar to Mrs. Clinton's.

The campaign introduced a website, Artofthesteal.biz, detailing Mr. Trump's
checkered history in Atlantic City, his father's role in bolstering his fortunes
and his constellation of enterprises.

By early evening, Mr. Trump's team had responded with its own site,
LyingCrookedHillary.com, which was not immediately functional but would be in
coming days, according to the campaign.

In her next scheduled public appearance, on Wednesday in Raleigh, N.C., Mrs.
Clinton was expected to shift to a more positive message, outlining her vision
for what she has labeled a ''growth and fairness economy.'' Her plans include
increasing the minimum wage, closing tax loopholes that encourage companies to
move jobs overseas and expanding benefits for working families.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

SILLY TO CALL RYAN'S WORK 'MEDIOCRE'

BYLINE:  TOM OATES , Wisconsin State Journal , toates@madison.com , 608-252-6172

SECTION: SPORTS SUNDAY; Tom Oates; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 862 words


I have an Internet pen pal who routinely belittles the University of Wisconsin's
"mediocre" men's basketball program.

Normally, I would automatically dismiss such rantings as having no basis in
reality. But because I know there are others out there who consider coach Bo
Ryan a failure because the Badgers haven't reached an NCAA Final Four on his
watch, I would like to review what he has given UW fans in his 13 seasons.

First, they enjoy one of the most stable and successful programs in the nation -
a victory at Penn State today likely will clinch a top-four finish in the Big
Ten Conference for the 13th consecutive season. More than that, Ryan has
regularly provided fans with things they haven't seen before, thrills they
haven't experienced before, accomplishments they could truly get excited about.

Indeed, Ryan has delivered something unique in all but one or two of his seasons
at UW. Trust me when I say that hadn't happened very often in the 55 years
before he took the job.

2001-02: UW earned a share of its first Big Ten regular-season title since 1947.
The Badgers started Ryan's first season 1-4, but went 11-5 in the Big Ten to
finish in a four-way tie for the title, touching off a wild celebration at the
Kohl Center after routing Michigan in the finale.

2002-03: UW won the outright Big Ten regular-season title for the first time in
56 years. The Badgers again clinched the title at the Kohl Center, this time
when Devin Harris sank a free throw with 0.4 seconds left to give UW a 60-59
victory over Illinois in a winner-take-all game.

2003-04: UW won its first conference tournament title. After finishing second in
the regular season, the Badgers marched through Minnesota, Michigan State and
top-seeded Illinois to claim the crown.

2004-05: UW won three games to reach its first NCAA Elite Eight since its 2000
Final Four run before losing to eventual national champion North Carolina. UW's
88-82 loss was by far the closest call the powerful Tar Heels had prior to
beating Illinois by five in the final.

2005-06: This season was one of the exceptions to the rule, though it came with
an asterisk. UW started out 14-2 before Marcus Landry and Greg Stiemsma were
forced to miss the second semester. But even after losing five of six, the
Badgers showed their characteristic resiliency by rallying to make the NCAA
tournament.

2006-07: UW made up for the previous season by winning 30 games, earning the No.
1 ranking in the AP poll and landing a No. 2 NCAA seed, all for the first time.
The No. 1 ranking only lasted a week as the Badgers lost tightly contested games
at Michigan State and at Ohio State, though they might have beaten the No. 2
Buckeyes had not Brian Butch suffered a gruesome elbow injury.

2007-08: UW took both the Big Ten regular-season and tournament titles for the
first time, winning 19 of 21 games against conference opponents. The Badgers
also won a school-record 31 games before falling to Davidson in the NCAA Sweet
16.

2008-09: This was the only other time UW didn't deliver under Ryan. The Badgers
dropped six Big Ten games in a row at one point, but again showed their
resiliency by winning seven of their last nine to finish above .500 in the Big
Ten.

2009-10: UW beat No. 6 Duke at the Kohl Center, the only time the fabled Blue
Devils have played in Madison. Trevon Hughes scored 26 points in the 73-69
victory.

2010-11: UW beat a No. 1-ranked team for the second time in school history and
the first since 1962, erasing a 15-point deficit for a 71-67 victory over Ohio
State at the Kohl Center. Jordan Taylor led the rally, scoring 21 of his 27
points in the second half.

2011-12: UW notched its first Big Ten road victory over a top 10 team since 1980
when it beat No. 8 Ohio State 63-60. In the NCAA tournament, its late 3-point
barrage threw a huge scare into top-seeded Syracuse in a Sweet 16 game but the
Badgers fell 64-63.

2012-13: UW beat four teams ranked in the top 10 for the only time in school
history. Actually, they were ranked in the top six as the Badgers got Indiana
twice (when it was second and third) and Michigan twice (when it was second and
sixth). The win over No. 2 Michigan included Ben Brust's half-court shot that
sent the game into overtime.

2013-14: UW broke a century-old school record by winning its first 16 games and
also posted back-to-back road wins over ranked teams (Michigan and Iowa) for the
first time. And who knows? There could be more to come as UW is well-positioned
for an NCAA tournament run.

That quickie tour through UW's recent past left out some of the disappointments,
but that's not the point here. Like many, I don't always agree with Ryan's
decisions or philosophies, but I don't for one minute believe that UW settles
for mediocrity just because Ryan hasn't repeated UW's Final Four run from 2000.

On balance, what Ryan has done at UW has been nothing short of amazing. Of
course, the criticism won't die until UW takes that one Final (Four) step, but
anyone with a sense of the school's abysmal hoops history, of how college
basketball works and of how consistently good UW has been under Ryan would never
consider tossing out a word like mediocre. Not even on the Internet.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOHN HART ? State Journal Coach Bo Ryan is 314-118 in his 13th season
with the Badgers, including 23-5 this season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday

Erie Times-News, Pa., Good Morning column

BYLINE: Mike Copper, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 508 words


March 06--So, I'm covering February's PIAA team wrestling tournament. Such high
school meets can be intense experiences no matter where they're held, but no
more so in this state than at Hershey's Giant Center. It's common for the arena
to be rife in profuse sweat, excessive angst and sporadic shouts.

And that's just me in the minutes before deadline.

But for once, I'm not here to degrade and belittle myself. I'm even going so far
as to brag about some fleeting seconds of superiority derived from that
tournament.

It was closing in on midnight when some guy warily warned my media brethren of
the apocalyptic snowstorm that pounded the greater Harrisburg area in the 12
hours we'd been sheltered in said arena. His tone suggested that making it back
to our respective hotels would be akin to those plane crash survivors who
resorted to cannibalism in "Alive" -- only worse.

My skepticism regarding this dude's bravado was quickly warranted. When I
informed him I was from Erie, his retort was along the lines, "Aw, man, then
this is nothing for you!"

Sure enough, I exited to the kind of snowfall that we Erieites would classify
Early April. It reminded me of another lack-of-snow incident from around this
time of year about 10 years ago.

Not surprisingly, it was in another metropolitan area alien to the term
"lake-effect."

I was on a mini-vacation to visit (read: mooch off) my brother in Raleigh, N.C.
Chris, who's worked there as an electrician since 1997, long ago informed me how
the city wasn't ready for even the slightest of flurries. It only had a handful
of plows to service 400,000-plus residents, and he rolled his eyes at how many
work days his bosses told him not to come in because of snowfall we'd consider
heavy dandruff.

What they call Armageddon, we call -- let's go with Tuesday.

If you're not laughing yet, you will be when I tell you when I found out how
right he was.

That trip, I headed back to my brother's place around midnight after visiting
another friend down there. There were only two vehicles at a stoplight near his
home, thanks in part to the pseudo-end-of-days white stuff on the roads.

One of those vehicles was my rental, a two-door compact that wouldn't even win a
Pinewood Derby race.

The other was a jet-black, four-wheel drive that probably had more horsepower in
its cigarette lighter than whatever I had under my hood.

Intimidated? Not this time.

That's because I'd watched Billy Bob daintily pull up to the light going 10 mph.

In the passing lane.

With the emergency blinkers on.

That resulted in a personal chucklefest that didn't end until well after I'd
pulled into my brother's driveway. Not until Hershey had I felt such arrogance
over another human.

Don't fret, though. It's over now.

Come April's Good Morning column, we'll return to my regularly scheduled
self-loathing already in progress.

MIKE COPPER can be reached at 870-1614. Send e-mail to mike.copper@timenews.com

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120306-EI-Erie-Times-News-Pa-Good-Morning-column-0306-20120306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                              259 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 27, 2011, Tuesday

COLLEGE FOOTBALL - THE BOWLS RESUME;
Big 12 belittles itself in bowls;
COMMENTARY

BYLINE: Blair Kerkhoff, The Kansas City Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 858 words


KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Of the factors that shape football conferences reputation -
NFL draft selections, individual awards and success in nonconference games and
bowls - the Big 12 excels, right up until that last one.

Its teams collectively own a losing record in bowls in the Big 12's 15-year
history, and the league is 2-5 in games that decided the national championship
in the BCS era.

Bowl games are fickle things. Some teams are motivated by the opportunity,
others not so much. With little on the line in these glorified exhibitions, some
look ahead to next season with playing decisions.

Teams have been known to empty the playbook, take risks that wouldn't happen
during the regular season.

Players get healthy. Teams lose their coach and staff, which can inspire or
deflate. Some teams practice in warmth, others with snow pushed aside or in a
bubble. The zebras have been imported from neutral conferences and haven't seen
the teams play.

Betting-line upsets have defined the handful of games played so far, and
underdog uprisings are not unusual. Give a team a month to hear how it's not
supposed to win a game and that's a powerful force.

These circumstances have worked against the Big 12, which began its bowl
schedule Monday with Missouri's 41-24 win over North Carolina in the
Independence Bowl.

Some theories for the mediocrity seem plausible. The Big 12 is a pass-first
conference, and the month or so layoff disrupts passing-game rhythm and timing.
Makes sense.

Also, a week often isn't enough for opponents' scout teams to simulate Big 12
offenses. But give a defensive coordinator a month or more to prepare and the
most complicated offenses can be solved. The best example was Oklahoma after the
2008 season. The Sooners scored at least 60 on their final five regular-season
opponents. Against Florida in the BCS title game, Oklahoma mustered two
touchdowns.

Still, the top scoring and yard producing teams in the Big 12 typically win in
the postseason. Since 2000, the team that that led the conference in scoring is
8-3 in bowl games. The total yards leader is 9-2 and even the passing leader is
7-4. Oklahoma State leads this league in scoring and passing, Baylor in total
offense.

With Big 12 teams favored in six of eight games, the prospect for a leaguewide
letdown again exists. The league has gone into the postseason with this kind of
expectation before and has posted a winning record in bowl games six times.

Let's not overthink this. Yes, bowl games are different, and Big 12 is
offensive-minded. But the record is poor primarily for three reasons.

One, Texas A&M has been a horrible bowl team. In its final football game as a
Big 12 member, the Aggies will try to break a five-game losing bowl losing
streak, and the setup couldn't be more ideal. A&M is playing in nearby Houston,
against a Northwestern team with an even longer bowl drought. The Wildcats have
lost eight straight, losing them all since winning in its first bowl appearance
in 1948.

A&M is a 10-point favorite in its last game before heading to the Southeastern
Conference.

And that's the Big 12's second postseason problem: the SEC.

The Big 12 owns a winning or break-even record against the four other BCS
automatic qualifier conferences. Against the SEC, it's 9-19.

This year, the only meeting between the conferences comes in the Cotton Bowl,
where Kansas State takes on Arkansas, and the Wildcats could have their hands
full with a Razorbacks team that lost only to the teams, Louisiana State and
Alabama, playing for the national championship.

Finally, that 2-5 record in national championship games is a killer. But the way
the SEC gobbles up titles, there's little left for anybody else. The Big 12 is
the only other conference with multiple national championships in the BCS era,
but the five losses lead the pack.

Financially, the record doesn't matter. Conferences are contracted with bowls,
and the payout is the same, win or lose.

And in the Big 12's revolving door of membership - four out, two in after this
year and stay tuned - what is conference pride, anyway?

So perhaps that will be the league's final irony. In a year when it lost two
more members and was on the brink of extinction for a second time in two years,
the Big 12 will become a postseason power, for the first time.

BIG 12 IN THE BOWLS

2011-12 schedule, results

Independence Bowl, Monday

Missouri 41, North Carolina 24

Holiday Bowl, Wednesday

Texas (7-5) vs. California (7-5)

Alamo Bowl, Thursday

Baylor (9-3) vs. Washington (7-5)

Pinstripe Bowl, Friday

Rutgers (8-4) vs. Iowa State (6-6)

Insight Bowl, Friday

Oklahoma (9-3) vs. Iowa (7-5)

Meineke Car Care Bowl, Saturday

Texas A&M (6-6) vs. Northwestern (6-6)

Fiesta Bowl, Jan. 2

Stanford (11-1) vs. Oklahoma State (11-1)

Cotton Bowl, Jan. 6

At Arlington, Texas

Kansas State (10-2) vs. Arkansas (10-2)

2010-11 results (3 wins, 5 losses)

Cotton Bowl

LSU 41, Texas A&M 24

Fiesta Bowl

Oklahoma 48, Connecticut 20

TicketCity Bowl

Texas Tech 45, Northwestern 38

Holiday Bowl

Washington 19, Nebraska 7

Pinstripe Bowl

Syracuse 36, Kansas State 34

Alamo Bowl

Oklahoma State 36, Arizona 10

Texas Bowl

Illinois 38, Baylor 14

Insight Bowl

Iowa 27, Missouri 24

Robert Griffin III, Baylor

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              260 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

In our view: An Outside Voice

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 582 words


Only the most narrow-minded Clark County resident would attempt to belittle or
ignore what
Ken Fisher
has to say about our community. He's more than just a Californian who is ranked
by Forbes business magazine as the 252nd richest American with a net worth of
$1.6 billion. Fisher also is the provider of precisely what Clark County needs
most: high-paying, dependable and visionary jobs. So if he opposes a state
income tax in Washington, his opinion matters.

Thanks to Fisher, 325 people have jobs in east Vancouver that pay between
$75,000 and $200,000 annually. Also thanks to Fisher, a 150-acre, $30 million
office complex is planned in Camas. A ceremony Tuesday marked the start of
construction on the first of two five-story buildings in west Camas.
Fisher's value to Clark County doesn't stop there. We are competing against
sites in Texas and Florida for the relocated headquarters of Fisher
Investments, which currently employs 665 people in California, mostly in
Woodside and San Mateo. As the CEO,
Ken Fisher
is fed up with California, where he says the business climate is "the most
hostile in the country." Among his aggravations is that state's
economy-stifling 9.3 percent income tax rate.
Last week The Columbian reported a comment Fisher made in an e-mail about our
state's Initiative 1098, which proposes a state income tax for high-income
earners: "If 1098 gets within 5 percent of passing, there is no way under God's
little green apples Washington will ever be our corporate headquarters and
likely (Camas) will never see another building." That makes perfect sense to
any rational observer.
Unfortunately and illogically, not everyone agrees with Fisher. Several letters
to the editor and online comments have falsely branded Fisher as a meddling
interloper whose views should be discounted. One critic protested the
"steely-eyed Californian billionaire telling us how to vote." Another called
him arrogant and dismissed his "childish rant." Another invited Fisher to move
his headquarters to China. Well, we hope he moves his headquarters here. Our
hope coincides seamlessly with our opposition to Initiative 1098, and we are
not alone. Virtually every major newspaper in the state opposes I-1098. And if
only the billionaires from Washington state matter, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer
and co-founder Paul Allen oppose a state income tax. So does Amazon CEO Jeff
Bezos, plus leaders of Boeing Corp.
Their motivation is easily explained. Nick Wingfield recently reported in The
Wall Street Journal that a Tax Foundation report "said Washington scored as the
11th best state in business tax climate as of July, but would have ranked 48th
had the current measure (I-1098) been in effect." Just as frightening is this
reality: After two years, any initiative can be modified by the Legislature, so
if you think this only affects rich folks, you're ignoring what rumbles over
the horizon: the zest of legi slators in our state for increasing taxes.
At Tuesday's ceremony, Fisher declined to discuss I-1098. Encouragingly,
though, he said: "We're happy to be here. We like Camas a lot." Fisher has made
more than enough contributions to this place that local residents should at
least listen to what he has to say about our state, our economy and our
politics. But the greater point is that Fisher represents the views of many
other job creators across the country who are considering moving to our state.
Other CEOs will surely hear him, whether the ill-informed critics do or not.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                   Vancouver Business Journal (Vancouver, WA)

                              May 24, 2002 Friday

Founder reacquires Internet service provider

BYLINE: Cami Joner

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


Doug Palin is once again at the helm of Pacifier Online, after repurchasing his
late-1980s start-up Internet service provider company at a bargain price.

According to Palin, he bought much more than the original Vancouver company he
sold to Millennium Digital Media in January 2000. He not only repurchased
Pacifier, but 13 additional ISPs, a conglomerate of service providers serving
specific West Coast metropolitan markets.

"It's a lot bigger piece. I mean, I don't want to belittle Pacifier, but
Pacifier's just one piece -- about one-fourth the revenue of the overall
company," Palin said.

Although he would not disclose price details of the final agreement, Palin said
he and two partners paid less for the Pacifier portion than Millennium's
original purchasing price. Local businessman Rod Cook and a silent partner
collaborated in the acquisition, finalized earlier this month.

Palin said he initially sold Pacifier to Millennium, a cable company based in
St. Louis, because valuations were high.

"I wanted to take the business to the next level, to gain some national
footprints," Palin explained.

At the time, Millennium and other cable companies had begun adding Internet
service providers to their corporate portfolios, viewing those acquisitions as a
logical expansion of the cable business. For various reasons, Millennium has now
decided to focus on its cable modem business, Palin said.

"There's really not a lot of synergies with this business," he said.

Millennium had been operating the parcel of Internet service providers from its
Western regional headquarters at the Columbia Tech Center in east Vancouver.
Palin will continue operating the companies from the 14,000-square-foot call and
network operations center.

Because the individual ISPs have brand recognition in their focus regions, Palin
said he has no immediate plans to consolidate the separate businesses under one
name.

"They are all independent brand names, although there's a lot of overlap between
the various providers," he explained. For example, Pacifier built its main
concentration in Southwest Washington, while Europa, another provider within the
package, has a presence in Portland.

Palin said his first order of business will be to address network and
infrastructure issues while building customer base.

"I want to bring back our name recognition, the feeling that we are the local
Internet service providers," he said.

Similar to Pacifier Online, the individual Internet providers Palin purchased
were all started by entrepreneurs, and bought during Millennium's acquisition
period. Palin, 38, started Pacifier as a home business which experienced a rapid
growth period starting in 1992.

"It started as a dial-up bulletin board," Palin said. "We started offering
Internet service in about 1990, but the really big surge was about 1992 when the
Web really popped on the scene."

Pacifier had acquired about 22,000 subscribers and 50 employees when Palin sold
the company. The combined companies now serve about 50,000 subscribers with a
staff of close to 90.

Palin had stayed on to run Millennium's Washington and Oregon operations for
about a year after selling, and was promoted to regional president before he
left the company in June 2001.

Nearly one year later, Palin said he's returning with renewed energy but with
his eyes wide open.

"I ran all of these companies, so I'm not coming into it cold. I knew exactly
what I was buying," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Mergers and acquisitions

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                              262 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 15, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Belittles Bush's School Plans

BYLINE: By JODI WILGOREN

SECTION: Section A; Page 11; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 723 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, April 14


President Clinton suggested today that Gov. George W. Bush of Texas needed a
lesson in arithmetic, saying his proposals for education and promised tax cuts
did not add up.

"Arithmetic is a very important element in politics and public life," Mr.
Clinton said, teasingly, in a speech promoting his administration's education
accomplishments to a convention of education journalists here.

"If you take over $1 trillion out over 10 years for a tax cut," he said, "there
simply will not be the money left to fund a lot of these education and other
proposals. I think it's wrong to spend about $100 of the surplus on tax cuts for
every $1 you spend on education."

Though the president did not name Mr. Bush, who is expected to win the
Republican nomination for president, the implication was clear. Mr. Clinton
praised Vice President Al Gore, the presumed Democratic nominee, four times.

Both candidates have made education a priority, but their proposals differ: Mr.
Gore wants to pump an additional $115 billion into education over the next
decade, more than 10 times Mr. Bush's recommendations.

Ari Fleischer, a spokesman for the Bush campaign, said the governor had
"improved education, invested more resources into education, and delivered the
largest tax cut" in the state's history, all at the same time.

"When it comes to arithmetic," Mr. Fleischer said in midafternoon, "we very
proudly point out that there are 180 days, 11 hours 35 minutes and 50 seconds
until the end of the Clinton-Gore era."

Mr. Clinton's speech, at the annual conference of the Education Writers
Association, seemed intended, in the waning months of his administration, to
reinforce what he thinks of as his legacy in education, an issue to which he has
been devoted for two decades.

The president ticked off a long list of accomplishments: expanding expenditures
for after-school programs from $1 million in 1997 to a proposed $1 billion this
year, connecting two-thirds of the nation's classrooms to the Internet,
increasing student loans and tax credits for higher education, and pushing
states to adopt high standards.

He also released a report outlining huge increases in education spending for new
and existing programs, and he announced that he would tour successful schools
next month.

Mr. Clinton praised the American Federation of Teachers for its recommendation
this morning that all teachers be required to pass a national test, and he urged
states to use their budget surpluses "to make a dramatic increase in teacher
pay."

He acknowledged that the high-stakes tests sweeping the nation along with new
academic standards had, in some places, overwhelmed students and schools, but he
said assessment was a critical component of reform.

Pointing out that some New York City schools are heated with coal-fired furnaces
and that there are buildings across the country too old and dilapidated to be
wired to the Internet, the president urged passage of a $24 billion
school-construction proposal.

"The fundamental lesson of the last seven years, it seems to me, is that an
education investment without accountability is a real waste of money," Mr.
Clinton said. "But accountability without investment can be a real waste of
effort."

Representative Bill Goodling, the Pennsylvania Republican who is chairman of the
House Education Committee, said Mr. Clinton should look elsewhere for his
legacy, accusing the president of "taking a Washington-knows-best approach" and
hampering states with a "straitjacket" on the use of federal grants.

Mr. Goodling criticized the president's repeated calls for a national curriculum
standard, and said Republicans were "committed to flexibility coupled with
accountability" for states and local districts.

Mr. Clinton, who last spoke to the education writers a decade ago when he was
governor of Arkansas, invited himself to address the convention and ignored his
staff's strict scheduling guidelines, taking unscripted questions from the floor
as he shook journalists' hands in the audience.

Asked whether he would consider a job in education after he left office, the man
who has joked about running for school board at the end of his presidency
promised that the Clinton library would have an educational component. "I'm
going to keep working on this for the rest of my life," he said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: President Clinton and Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley
listening yesterday to a question at an Education Writers Association
conference. The president, criticizing the education proposals of Gov. George W.
Bush of Texas as too limited, promoted what he considered his own legacy to
education. (Reuters)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              263 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 14, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Keep Talking. She's Still Listening.;
Deborah Tannen and the Book That's a Conversation Piece

Henry Allen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 1976 words


Let's say that Deborah Tannen has written the book of the '90s -- not too risky
a claim because we've only had two years of the '90s and the book has spent most
of them at the top of the bestseller list.

The name of it is "You Just Don't Understand -- Women and Men in Conversation."

"HE: I'm really tired. I didn't sleep well last night.

"SHE: I didn't sleep well either. I never do.

"HE: Why are you trying to belittle me?

"SHE: I'm not! I'm just trying to show that I understand!"

On and on, the firefights and ambushes of gender conflict, life itself. The book
answers a lot of questions we've been asking so long that we've forgotten we ask
them.

Why can't a woman tell her husband about what a jerk her boss is without him
coming up with the equivalent of the Marshall Plan for restructuring her entire
career? (She wants sympathy, he feels she's asking him to solve a problem.)

Why are men less likely than women to ask directions when they're lost? (Men
value their independence more, and don't like to get into exchanges where they
feel they're one down. Women don't worry so much about being one down because
they value communication more than hierarchy.)

Tannen will say: "This is the most common response that I get from people,
overwhelmingly: 'I couldn't believe that I saw myself on every page, I couldn't
believe it, I thought my wife and I were the only ones who had that.' And it was
spooky that they read it in a book, I mean I was told this by people in other
countries."

She is a professor of linguistics at Georgetown, currently in residence at the
Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.

She is a tallish, demure woman of 46. She is a New Yorker most of whose Brooklyn
(Flatbush) accent was harried out of her by teachers at Hunter College High
School. She has a small bright smile, and on one recent afternoon in the
institute cafeteria, she wore a bulky cotton sweater, a plaid shirt, big
earrings and two rings. She looked like a shrink dressed for Saturday morning
patients.

Being at the institute is one of the larger honors that academia offers, sort of
the academic equivalent of Valhalla with a big lawn. Einstein spent years there,
safely behind the crepe-soled curmudgeonry of faculty-meeting frustrations. Even
in the cafeteria you feel the calm austerity of the place, a transcendent
matter-of-factness that seems almost blithe -- Epstein's bust of Einstein
against the wall, the 6th-century Antioch mosaic, the scholars with a
provisional and birdlike air about them, sitting in Breuer chairs, paying no
attention to their food as they eat it, and talking with vaguely inappropriate
gestures.

Tannen talked a lot about her theories, but she also betrayed the cool acuteness
of a true listener, a watchfulness that may have arisen from the childhood case
of mumps that left her partly deaf. She extracted a hearing aid from under her
hair and held it in her hand.

She said: "Because I'm hard of hearing, I always learned to listen very
carefully and to pick up cues from everything other than what people said
because I often missed the words that they said. And, you know, in some sense
you could say that's really what I've made a living on, by picking up all the
subtle things other than the actual words." You think of those stories about
Jane Austen sitting in the corner, making mental notes on everything in the
room. Reading Tannen's book is a little like reading a novel masquerading as
linguistic analysis -- all these conversations, analyzed with a sort of
18th-century cheer and intensity, and framed with aphoristic certainties: "Each
person's life is lived as a series of conversations." And a wonderful first line
in Chapter 1: "Many years ago I was married to a man who shouted at me."

Except that if it's a novel, the major character is you. That's the feeling.
It's like one of those children's books published with the same plot but
different names to appeal to each little reader.

Much about the book would seem to work against its huge success.

After decades of feminist bashismo, you might look at that title and see another
tract on male failure to care, to share, to cuddle, to huddle; or another bit of
pop-psych secular evangelism about victims, survivors, the child within,
dependence, independence, co-dependence. And you might expect her to be
schlepping from "Donahue" to "Geraldo" to "Sally Jessy Raphael" to "Sonya Live,"
just another seedy preacher on the latter-day tent revival circuit of daytime
television.

But no. There's no 10-point checklist, no 12-step program, no tips for better
living. Most of her fan mail is from men too -- she refuses to take sides in the
gender battle. And Tannen not only has a million copies of this book in print --
a million -- she is also in residence at the Institute for Advanced Study.

Unlike the purveyors of self-help weepology, Tannen actually knows what she's
talking about. She's done the research. She has a doctorate in linguistics from
Berkeley, she's a professor at Georgetown, she has a 16-page academic resume,
she writes papers with titles such as "Interactive Frames and Knowledge Schemas
in Interaction," and she hates the endless demands for her advice, her presence,
her approval, her appearance on television, podiums, panels.

Ah, but integrity and scholarship have rarely sold well in America unless
accompanied by a foreign accent, preferably German, or by the sort of dramatic
persona that Tannen utterly lacks -- Einstein with his electric hair or Margaret
Mead stalking around with her forked staff and pronouncements. But here she is,
a bestseller in America, Germany, Holland and England, with five or six new
speaking invitations every day, and a public television show about her ("She
Said, He Said") -- tonight at 6:30 on WETA, Channel 26.

"I remember when I was writing the book, or proposing it, my agent made a
comment that this is the book whose time has come," Tannen said, "because now
with the concern for AIDS, couples are spending more time talking and less time
doing other things."

In 298 pages about subtleties and intonations and meta-messages between the
sexes, there is no sex whatsoever. No seduction, no flirtation, no rejection, no
pheromone, no batted eye.

"I suppose you're right, I don't tend to think about it," she said. She giggled.

How nice to read a book about a world where men and women can actually talk,
argue and so on as if they were wandering through the garden in a Jane Austen
novel. How nice to be freed at last from the dicta of Freud, who after all the
popularizers got through seemed to be telling us that everything was sex, sex,
sex. Hah! Fear of snakes! Phobia in tunnels! We know the meaning of these
things, do we not? Freud's acolytes turned the 20th century into one big
innuendo that seemed both harmless and liberated until AIDS came on the scene.

In Tannen's garden, there is no malice, either, no snide implications, no ugly
undertones. Instead, there's more of an atmosphere of cozy befuddlement, like
some happy squalor out of Dickens, Mr. Peggotty and his family around the
hearth, say.

"Because I say everybody means well?" she asked. "I say in the introduction I
realize that everybody doesn't mean well, there are people who are out to get
you, but I say that's not news. What I spend my time doing is what I think needs
to be done. In other words, nobody needs me to tell them that their partner is
sometimes a creep. But what I feel is news and what needs to be demonstrated is
that they don't always intend that effect."

Of course, one difference she has found between the sexes is that men tend to
hear aggression and advantage-seeking when women may hear nothing more than a
sharing of information.

"I guess I tend to be cheerful. It probably feels better to go through life
feeling that people are nice people, it goes a long way toward making you
likable, and I think it's probably more important for women than men to be
likable, especially for a woman like me who's sort of successful."

Sort of successful? One million books sold? Sitting here in the Institute for
Advanced Study cafeteria?

"Yeah, who's quite successful," she said. "I'm told so often when I meet people
how surprised they are that I'm nice. They say, 'You've published so many books,
you're so famous, I assumed you'd probably be ...' So I think it's probably
especially difficult for women who are successful that people not see them in
the negative stereotypes that they have -- successful, ambitious aggressive, you
know, all these negative things."

But it isn't just men who get cacophonous and nasty. What about the sort of
comments women assassinate each other with?  Oh, I love your hair, I wish I had
the courage to wear mine like that.

"The ways that men create connections and the ways that women create
competition, because clearly we're always doing both, I don't explore it enough
in the book," she said. "I say women are competitive too, but often it has to do
with the network, who's closer to the popular girl, who's in with the boss."

The point is, for every message there can be countless meta-messages,
inferences, implications. The dream and psychotherapeutic dogma of the '60s and
the '70s had it that we could all speak openly, tell each other the truth as if
we are all in the third act of one of those plays where everybody in the family
is falling on their knees and shouting secrets. No more hypocrisy! No more of
Holden Caulfield's phonies! Out of the closet!

In its genial way, Tannen's book frees us from a notion of human discourse that
was about as useful as Shaker furniture is comfortable, though both are to be
admired for their gorgeous simplicity. The point is, plain speaking is not
possible. There is always spin on the ball. Any linguist knows this.


"A lot of the self-help books and psychology have misled people that way,"
Tannen said, "because they've said, 'Just talk about it. Just tell them what you
feel, and then there won't be any problem.' So there has been a high level of
frustration. The psychological thing has pretty much taken over the public mind
as an explanation of human behavior. So I feel, yeah, part of it is that by
taking a linguistic approach, it's new."

Finally, she has escaped the political correctness police and said quite simply
that men and women are different. She escaped by refusing to say whether it's
nature or culture that makes them different. She just deals with what she's
studied as a linguist. Writing about videotapes of boys talking with boys and
girls talking with girls, she says: "I had the feeling I was looking at two
different species." And further on: "Gender is a category that will not go
away."

Is she a bit of an anarchist, then, as she gently picks apart the pruderies and
prejudices that have ruled our lives?

"I'm not doing this to be counter-insurgent," she said. But: "It is a kind of
power -- any time you understand how a system works you can manipulate it
better."

For instance: "I think men who have been successful at seducing women have known
all this stuff all along. The really good men, who are sincere and honest, they
don't have a clue that it would be so easy."

Whatever the reasons, she is now rich, famous, esteemed and suffering.

"I have been suffering since this book came out because it's very hard for me to
deal with all the things that everybody wants from me. I mean, it's a continual
flow of 'Come on the show, talk to my group, read my manuscript, write me a
letter of recommendation,' you know, constant, every, I get calls from people I
haven't talked to in 30 years, they can't think of why I wouldn't want to do it.
'It'll only take you a few hours, it's right here in town.' "

The shoemaker's children have no shoes, and the linguist's fans don't get to
talk with her. They just don't understand.



NAME: DEBORAH TANNEN

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GEORGETOWN LINGUISTICS PROFESSOR DEBORAH TANNEN, AUTHOR OF "YOU
JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.", NANCY ANDREWS; PHOTO, LISA BERG; ILLUSTRATION

TYPE: BIOGRAPHY

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              264 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 12, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Kasparov Belittles Likely '96 Chess Rivals

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 131 words


A day after defeating a challenger for his world chess title, Gary Kasparov
yesterday belittled the chances of two others who are battling for the chance to
face him.

Speaking at a news conference about a fellow Russian, Anatoly Karpov, Mr.
Kasparov said, "He doesn't have any chance for a comeback."

And he said the play of Gata Kamsky, 21, of Brooklyn needed to be "improved
dramatically."

Mr. Kasparov was willing to identify "one of the strongest players": the man he
had just defeated, Viswanathan Anand, who was standing next to him. "From the
pure chess point of view, it will be less difficult for me to play Kamsky than
to play Vishy," the champion said.

Mr. Kasparov defeated Mr. Anand on Tuesday in the Professional Chess Association
match, 10 1/2 to 7 1/2.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              265 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 30, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Kennedy Library Head Belittles Article on Tapes

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 10, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 108 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, April 29


The director of the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library said today it would be
''premature'' to say that some White House tapes made in the Kennedy
Administration were missing.

The Los Angeles Times reported today that seven tapes logged as being made in
the Kennedy years were missing from the collection actually on file at the
library.

''I think it is very premature to talk about missing tapes,'' said Daniel H.
Fenn Jr., the director. ''The log is a preliminary working log. I don't know
what we'll find when we do an accurate, perfected log based on all the
material.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              266 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 30, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

BASKETBALL;
Don't Tell The Nets This Game Didn't Count

BYLINE: By CHRIS BROUSSARD

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Jan. 29


It will not count in the standing, and in a few days no one will remember that
it happened. But the Nets will not belittle their 92-90 exhibition victory
tonight over the Knicks.

While they were not celebrating festively after the game, the Nets were smiling
and feeling good about themselves. To them, it meant something. Not bragging
rights until they meet for real, but something.

Kendall Gill, who scored 14 points and sank a huge 3-pointer from 25 feet in the
fourth quarter, talked about the game as if it were a midseason battle with
playoff repercussions.

"This was the real thing," Gill said. "You have everybody hitting big shots and
making free throws. You had the drama, the cross-river rivalry. They beat us at
their place and we beat them at ours. I guess that's the way it's going to be."

It might have started as a typical exhibition game, where conditioning and
execution were the chief concerns, but some time before the half it became a
battle that neither team wanted to lose. There were bumps, flagrant fouls and
the arguing of officials' calls.

The Knicks wanted it just as badly as the Nets, but the Nets had more at stake
because it was their home court. The Knicks had edged them by 88-87 on a free
throw in the final moments in Wednesday's exhibition at Madison Square Garden,
and tonight it was the Nets' turn.

"You want to get a win," said Nets Coach John Calipari, whose club was led by
Keith Van Horn's game-high 33 points. "It doesn't matter if it's preseason. You
just want to get a win to get the feeling of winning."

The Nets got that feeling when Chris Gatling scored the last of his 18 points on
a perfectly executed play with 21.3 seconds left. Gatling, who exhibited a soft
outside touch and smooth hook shot, received a pass into the post from Lucious
Harris, executed a spin move and put in a jump hook.

Chris Dudley, whose play was physical throughout, fouled Gatling, who hit the
free throw to put the Nets ahead by 92-90. The Knicks' two last-gasp 3-point
attempts fell short.

Van Horn's 33-point, 9-rebound performance overshadowed Allan Houston's 29-point
effort for the Knicks. Van Horn, who missed three practice days and Wednesday's
exhibition because of food poisoning, displayed the offensive weapons that
earned him acclaim as a rookie last season.

He hit a couple of midrange jump shots, but did most of his damage by
penetrating to the basket. Using spin moves and nifty ballhandling, he drew foul
after foul on Dudley, Larry Johnson and Kurt Thomas, and wound up hitting 17 of
20 free throws.

"That's what I'm going to focus on this year," Van Horn said, referring to
drawing fouls. "I'm not going to be shooting the ball from 25 feet like last.
That's a long way. I'm going to try to use my quickness to my advantage."

The Nets, who probably will be without Kerry Kittles and Rony Seikaly for the
next two or three weeks, received two scares concerning Van Horn. After
scorching the Knicks for 13 second-quarter points, Van Horn began to experience
cramps in his left hip. He stretched it and started the third quarter, but
hobbled into the Nets' training room less than a minute into the half.

But with 6 minutes 39 seconds remaining in the period, Van Horn returned to pick
up where he had left off. Fourteen seconds after checking in, he canned a
12-footer from the baseline and went on to score 8 more third-quarter points.

With 37 seconds left in the quarter, Van Horn was sent sprawling by a Dudley
elbow. After grabbing a rebound, Dudley began swinging his elbows and caught Van
Horn in the mouth.

"I thought, 'What if he has a broken jaw?' " Calipari said. "That was my first
thought."

In addition to Van Horn, Gatling and Gill, the Nets got a strong performance
from Harris, who scored 14 points and hit a 19-footer and one free throw during
a critical 8-2 run that put the Nets up by 82-76. For the Knicks, Latrell
Sprewell followed Houston with 15 points, including 11 in the third quarter.

Despite his 33 points, Van Horn, who missed eight of his first nine shots, was
not overly impressed by his performance.

"I don't quite have my game back yet," he said.

REBOUNDS

At halftime, the Nets matched JAYSON WILLIAMS's $20,000 contribution to
Continental Arena employees who lost money during the seven-month lockout,
bringing the total to $40,000. "We hurt a lot of people," Williams said. "These
employees lost a lot of money, and these aren't the kind of people that are
making a lot of money."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Patrick Ewing, who left last night's game during the second
quarter, battling Jayson Williams, who played only 16 minutes. (G. Paul
Burnett/The New York Times)(pg. D1); Kendall Gill trying to stop a first-quarter
drive by Allan Houston, who led the Knicks with 29 points. (G. Paul Burnett/The
New York Times)(pg. D2)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              267 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 20, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
The Nets' Bermuda Triangle

BYLINE: By WILLIAM C. RHODEN

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 31;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 723 words


AMID talk of clean slates and new beginnings, Willis Reed began yesterday's
telephone conference call by announcing that the Nets had completed a trade,
sending Kenny Anderson and Gerald Glass to Charlotte.

In return, Reed said, the Nets will receive Armon Gilliam and Khalid Reeves

Gilliam?

Isn't he already a member of the Nets?

The player Reed intended to introduce was Kendall Gill, the Hornets'
6-foot-5-inch guard.

This is not an attempt to belittle Reed. Heaven knows he doesn't need any more
flak. But what ails the Nets is something that always seems to be just beyond
the team's grasp. No matter how many lottery picks they have.

This was an inevitable trade.

The die was cast a couple months ago when Anderson turned down a $40 million
offer from the Nets. Anderson did not want to be in New Jersey at any price. He
wanted to be with a contender, a team on the rise. So he's going from the Nets,
15-22, to the Hornets, 18-19.

How's that for progress?

The trade was another instance of the Nets' eternal puzzle being solved in
reverse, addition by subtraction, getting rid of ill-fitting pieces. Anderson
was the final member of a triangle that included Drazen Petrovic and Derrick
Coleman. Once, those three were the pillars of a team that twice made the
playoffs before being eliminated by Cleveland.

With Petrovic hitting from the outside, Coleman dominating inside and Anderson
deftly penetrating defenses, the Nets finally seemed to be coming into their
own.

Then Petrovic was killed in a car accident in Germany in June 1993.

"I thought at one point we were on our way," Reed said yesterday. "Then lo and
behold we got a phone call that changed all of that. Had he lived, maybe we
wouldn't have been having this phone call today."

After six seasons the Nets realized that Coleman, a former top pick, would never
progress beyond being a great but disruptive player, incapable of leading his
team to a championship. He missed the beginning of this season because of
treatment for an irregular heartbeat, then was finally traded to Philadelphia on
Nov. 30.

Now Coleman's pattern of disruptive behavior is turning up again. He failed to
show up in Philadelphia to see a team doctor on Wednesday, and he has played in
just 3 of 18 games since spraining his ankle against Boston on Dec. 9.
Philadelphia is 7-29, worst in the Eastern Conference, and 4-14 at home, worst
in the league.

Both Anderson and Coleman want to be with contenders. They had their chance in
New Jersey but fail to understand their roles in making that happen.

The Nets hated to give up on Anderson, but when he insisted on a trade and was
due to become a free agent, the franchise had no choice.

When the Nets made Anderson their top pick five years ago, the selection was
hailed as a competitive and box-office coup. Anderson, the onetime schoolboy
wonder at Archbishop Molloy in Queens, was one of the most highly touted players
to come out of New York City.

Yes, he scored all the points, made all the nifty moves. But as the Nets
plummeted, Anderson was no longer a boy wonder with unlimited potential. Not
that he did anything dastardly -- he simply stagnated. The Nets were
consistently bad, and Anderson was not enough to change the team's course.

Now he's Charlotte bound.

Jack Curran, who coached Anderson in high school, wonders whether his former
star will be happy anywhere.

"This could be a shot in the arm for him," Curran said from his office
yesterday. "Maybe he had it a little too easy in Jersey. Maybe people weren't
tough enough for him."

Curran said he hasn't spoken with Anderson since the season began, which is
rare. "He usually comes around all the time, but he's got a lot more on his mind
now," Curran said. "The only thing I can't understand is when he says he's
unhappy.

"A team offers you $40 million, and you're not happy," Curran said. "It seems
that if you're in the N.B.A., you got to be happy. No matter what team you are
with. This is the premier position. I don't know."

During yesterday's news conference, when someone asked the team president,
Michael Roe, if he were concerned that Coleman's and Anderson's departures would
mean a loss of box-office appeal, he said, "I'd rather have a lot more wins and
a team that plays great than a player who does not want to be in New Jersey."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kenny Anderson (G. Paul Burnett)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              268 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sports can bring out the worst in fans on both sides of border

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 783  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness?

Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your home town here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco today, and in Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied
berths in the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to
cover up the sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two muffed punt returns by
Kyle Williams - a fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he
ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted
the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal,
in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady, and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running
late onto the field, coach John Harbaugh not calling a timeout and the kicker
yanking a simple 32-yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the Patriots
to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders reacted to the Williams gaffes Sunday with
posts like these :

"I hope you, youre (sic) wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State coach
died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's StephenASmith opined: "This is
why Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd
fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is, any more? Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only
the Internet?

It's tempting to say, "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but
tell that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Famebound kicker who missed
an 18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

In Vancouver, the Canucks-Boston Bruins hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup
final extended to fans and media, and anyone who maintained the slightest sense
of perspective in the wake of the Brad Marchand submarine hit on Sami Salo a
month ago would have been appalled at the savage nature of reactions from fans
of both teams .

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.

The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death - coming a few months
after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of warning signs that a
longtime former assistant, Jerry Sandusky, appeared to be a sexual predator with
an affinity for young boys - doesn't argue well for a university as a place to
develop students' critical faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

CAM COLE IS A VANCOUVER SUN SPORTS COLUMNIST

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Patrick Tehan, San Jose Mercury News; Blake Costanzo comforts 49ers
teammate Kyle Williams, who fumbled in OT.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 19, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton team to show case from different angle

BYLINE:  Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1484 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- When President Clinton's lawyers begin defending
him today in the Senate's impeachment trial, they will belittle
the case against him as weak, politically motivated and dangerous.

Their long-term goal is to prevent Clinton's removal from office.
That would require a two-thirds vote of the Senate, which has
55 Republicans and 45 Democrats.

"I think, at the end of the three days, people will have a different
view of the case," White House spokesman Joe Lockhart said Monday.

Clinton's lawyers also have more immediate goals: They hope to
dissuade the Senate from voting next week to continue the trial
and permit House GOP prosecutors to call witnesses, including
Monica Lewinsky, to testify.


Clinton aides believe they will lose a vote on a motion to dismiss
the trial. They also think it's probable they will lose the fight
over witnesses, which the Senate will decide by a simple majority
vote.

Though Clinton's lawyers do not know whether Lewinsky's testimony
would help or hurt their case, they have been in contact with
Betty Currie, Clinton's secretary, and presidential confidant
Vernon Jordan and say that their testimony could be helpful.

Clinton's legal team will have up to 24 hours over three days
to make its case. House prosecutors were given the same number
of hours but used only about half. The defense team also is unlikely
to use its entire allotment because it doesn't want to bore the
Senate.

Today's overview by White House counsel Charles Ruff will end
after four or five hours to prevent the trial from running too
close to Clinton's State of the Union speech.

Clinton's lawyers were not surprised by the prosecution case last
week and have not dramatically altered their game plan as a result
of it, aides said.

Because there is a finite number of facts about Clinton's affair
with Lewinsky and his efforts to keep it secret, his lawyers will
cover familiar territory. But they'll challenge the interpretation
of some facts and put others in a more benign context.

House prosecutors argued last week that witnesses should be called
to testify about facts that are in dispute. The White House lawyers
will say that such testimony would be redundant, undignified and
add weeks to the trial.

"It boggles the mind a bit to try to understand how someone testifying
for the 10th time or the 23rd time or the ninth time can provide
any more clarity," Lockhart said.

The White House previewed its defense last week in a trial memorandum,
and House prosecutors tried to pre-empt it in their presentations.
The bottom line of the White House arguments is that Clinton did
not commit perjury or obstruct justice and, even if he did, it
would not rise to the level of an impeachable offense.

Highlights:

-- Clinton's lawyers say conviction on the basis of circumstantial
evidence after a partisan House vote to impeach would supplant
the public's will and imperil democracy.

The House prosecutors said previous judicial impeachment trials
set a precedent for removing public officials on charges of perjury
and obstructing justice. The party-line split in the House vote,
they said, is irrelevant.

-- Clinton's lawyers say he did not lie to independent counsel
Ken Starr's grand jury about his affair with Lewinsky and, in
fact, admitted "improper contact" with her.

House prosecutor Bill McCollum, R-Fla., said last week that Clinton
did perjure himself before the grand jury and predicted that the
president's lawyers would describe it as evasiveness, not lying.

-- Clinton's lawyers will say there's no evidence that the president
conspired to hide the gifts he had given Lewinsky. That allegation
is part of the obstruction of justice charge.

Rather, they contend, Starr and House prosecutors intentionally
ignored Lewinsky's grand-jury testimony that Clinton had no role
in the retrieval of the gifts by Currie and the secretary's testimony
that it was Lewinsky's idea.

Clinton's lawyers say Lewinsky gave the gifts to Currie and 90
minutes later called her. But McCollum said Friday that phone
records show that Currie called Lewinsky before the gifts were
returned. The Republicans believe that Currie made the phone call
to tell Lewinsky to return the gifts. McCollum also said Lewinsky
testified that "from everything (Clinton) said to me," she concluded
that he expected her to conceal the gifts.

White House lawyers will argue that Clinton's assistance in finding
Lewinsky a job began long before she was subpoenaed for testimony
in Paula Jones' sexual harassment case against the president.
They'll say there's no evidence that he was trying to buy her
silence.

House prosecutors admitted that Lewinsky asked Clinton to help
her find a job before he had reason to worry about the Jones case.
But McCollum said, "The question is whether or not the president
intensified his efforts . . . after it became clear to him that
he would need her to lie" to Jones' lawyers.

-- Clinton's team will argue that Republicans misused their power
by impeaching the president for an improper relationship he tried
to keep private.

McCollum said there is "huge" evidence that Clinton engaged
in "serious crimes."

Senators will get their chance to explore the contradictions between
prosecutors and Clinton's lawyers later this week. Senators will
have 16 hours over two days, probably starting Friday, to ask
questions of both sides through Chief Justice William Rehnquist.


Making the case for the president

Gregory Craig, 53, White House special counsel: Hired from
the State Department in October to help make the president's case
to the public, Craig knew both Clintons at Yale Law School. He
was an influential Senate staffer, vital at this stage of the
trial, and foreign policy adviser. As a partner of David Kendall,
Clinton's private lawyer, he worked for Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.,
from 1984 to 1988 and represented him at the rape trial of William
Kennedy Smith in 1991. Very articulate, Craig was praised for
his performance during the House Judiciary Committee's impeachment
hearings.

David Kendall, 54, The president's private lawyer: Hired
in 1993 when the inquiry into the Clinton's Whitewater land deal
began, he's close to the president and Hillary Rodham Clinton,
whom he knew at Yale. A hardball white-collar defense lawyer in
the Williams & Connolly firm, Kendall has the most clout in
shaping legal strategy but was criticized for the president's
hair-splitting initial defense. His questioning of independent
counsel Ken Starr during the House hearings was combative and
dramatic. A Quaker from Indiana, Kendall was arrested 10 times
while working in the 1960s civil rights movement.

Cheryl Mills, 33, Deputy White House counsel: A behind-the-scenes
force on the team, Mills has been with the Clinton administration
since it began. She helped prepare the White House defense in
the campaign fund-raising investigation. The daughter of a career
Army officer, she's trusted by the president and relied upon for
research and organization. A graduate of Stanford University Law
School, she worked at Hogan & Harston, Washington's largest
law firm. she might present part of the president's defense during
the trial, perhaps outlining Clinton's version of the retrieval
of gifts he gave Monica Lewinsky.

Charles Ruff, 59, White House counsel: Clinton's fifth
and longest-serving counsel, he joined the administration in 1997
after working for the District of Columbia and the Justice Department.
He also was a Watergate special prosecutor. He's not personally
close to the Clintons, but was impressive in his 10-hour performance
before the Judiciary Committee. A Columbia University Law School
graduate, he's been in a wheelchair since being paralyzed by a
disease contracted while teaching in Africa in 1963. He'll start
today's presentation by discussing constitutional issues.

Nicole Seligman, 42, Kendall's partner: A partner in Kendall's
firm, she edited Harvard's Law Review and clerked for Supreme
Court Justice Thurgood Marshall before joining Williams &
Connolly. She spent two years editing articles for the Asian Wall
Street Journal, based in Hong Kong. Her other clients include
Iran-contra figure Oliver North, labor leader Richard Trumka and
Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg, a friend from college. Kendall relies
on Seligman for her writing and encyclopedic knowledge of the
law. She has represented Hillary Clinton throughout the Whitewater
investigation.

ONE YEAR AGO

One year ago today, William Ginsburg, who was then Monica Lewinsky's
lawyer, sought immunity from criminal prosecution for Lewinsky
in exchange for her cooperation with independent counsel Ken Starr's
investigation. No deal was reached until July 28.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY, Source:USA TODAY
research(Chart); PHOTO, b/w, Reuters; PHOTOS, b/w, USA TODAY(3); PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              270 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 25, 2011 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

NBA's elder statesmen see opportunity, not asterisks

BYLINE: Michael Lee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 530 words


Too much is at stake - legacies, the record books and last-ditch championship
runs - for the upcoming condensed, 66-game regular season to have an asterisk
attached to it.

Hall of Fame coach Phil Jackson famously tried to belittle the San Antonio
Spurs' first NBA championship, won during a lockout-shortened 50-game season in
1999, with the word that has largely been associated with Babe Ruth and home run
records in baseball.

But try using that logic with Kobe Bryant as he drags his sore limbs around in
an attempt to match Michael Jordan with his sixth NBA championship and move up
further on the all-time scoring list.

Try telling that to LeBron James as he tries to exorcise the demons from an
inexplicable NBA Finals meltdownand finally add some diamond-encrusted, Larry
O'Brien trophy-themed jewelry to his already regal nickname.

Or try telling Tim Duncan or the Boston Celtics that if they are able to win
another title in perhaps their last best chance before settling into retirement
homes, that the run was somehow diminished by the NBA's rushed efforts to ensure
that there will  be some basketball-related income to split by owners and
players.

The NBA is kicking off its second non-82-game regular season in the past 13
years on Christmas. Several games will be sloppy and unbearable and some players
will develop nagging injuries because of poor conditioning or from fluke
injuries resulting from the intense grind, but there is still a purpose for this
season that goes beyond an obvious money grab.

This season probably represents the most for Duncan, the Celtics, Bryant and
especially James. Entering his 16th and perhaps final season, Duncan remains in
search of the fifth championship that would allow him to match Bryant as the
greatest winner in the post-Jordan NBA.

The Celtics' triumvirate of Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce didn't
waste any time winning an NBA title in their first season together, but the team
has only made one trip to the Finals since and has to race against time and the
fresher legs of the Bulls and Heat to go down as one of the best trios in
franchise history.

Bryant, 33, has been chasing history from the moment he entered the league. He
needs less than 600 points to surpass his former teammate and nemesis Shaquille
O'Neal on the all-time scoring list, and nearly 4,500 to catch Jordan for third
all-time. But to get another ring, Bryant will need better health and more help.
Orlando's Dwight Howard could possibly be acquired through a trade that would
facilitate one or two more championships before Bryant eventually retires.

And a year removed from "The Decision," James will likely have less venom
directed toward him when traveling to opposing arenas,  but the pressure to live
up to his own self-created, "not one, not two, not three . . ." hype will
continue. Entering his ninth year in the league, James has had a season to work
out any chemistry problems with all-stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh and the
excuses are gone; the expectations have been raised for him to deliver.

And the end results count, no matter if Jackson, or anyone else, might
eventually want to place an asterisk next to it.

leem@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           December 12, 1969, Friday

SECTION: Page 59, Column 6

LENGTH: 27 words

George Wallace belittles Southern strategy, int, Washington; denies it is making
inroads on his popularity; concedes he will challenge Brewer for Gov, ints in
NYC

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1969 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              272 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            March 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 First Edition

What the USA can teach us;
HINDSIGHT

BYLINE: Richard Hinds; rhinds@smh.com.au

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 813 words


THE many dissatisfied readers of this column can blame the author's decision to
use sport as a vehicle to ridicule and belittle far more accomplished men, while
at the same time revealing his own physical and psychological inadequacies, on
an American high school teacher.

Every month this well-meaning teacher would pass on the bundle of sports
magazines and newspapers sent by his father in California to a student clearly
more interested in quarterbacks than quadratic equations.

This was about 25 years ago, and the often brilliantly written and startlingly
frank accounts in Sports Illustrated and the Sporting News of athletes suffering
the inevitable side effects of a world awash with money, drugs, women and guns
were difficult to reconcile with the altogether more staid local sporting scene.

It was impossible to imagine, for instance, Geoff Lawson steaming in to bowl
with a bullet from a drive-by shooting still lodged in his stomach. Or some
rugby league star being dragged in handcuffs from a hotel room filled with
hookers and cocaine. Or a VFL recruit talking matter-of-factly about the four
children he had fathered with four different women before he left college. And
yet from American footballers, baseballers, basketballers and the odd ice hockey
player, these tales were so familiar they were almost mundane.

From one issue to the next, it was as if the publications were in a bidding war:
"I'll see your 'Running back who looked on while his brother was killed in a
gangland war' and raise you a 'Point guard who served time for running over a
school crossing guard while stoned on crack'."

Even more mindboggling than the stories were the numbers. These athletes were
earning more than $1 million a year. Each!! How the jaws of Sheffield Shield
players must have dropped reading that as they pocketed their paltry match fees
and $10-a-day travel allowance.

Of course, as Lote Tuqiri's bank manager can tell you, things have changed. Rich
sponsorships, television rights deals and the unionisation of players might not
have brought parity for Australian athletes with their US counterparts. But
there is now enough cash in local sport to ensure our full-time footballers have
the time and the means to indulge any self-destructive tendencies.

At the same time, Australian society has changed enough to ensure the
temptations they face are no longer just the stuff of American magazines. That
was patently obvious this week as the AFL tried to hose down the latest illicit
drugs allegations involving the West Coast Eagles while the NRL was announcing a
new drugs policy it hoped would prevent the next scandal. Or perhaps the one
after that.

Proactive? Well meaning? Naive? Out of touch? It is hard to judge the efforts of
administrators to control drug use, excessive drinking, gambling and other
problems. But in a society still (slightly) less devoted to success at all costs
than the US, there is still an (admittedly diminishing) chance to limit the
damage by learning from America's mistakes.

We should learn, for instance, not to bury our heads in the sand and pretend the
temptations confronting young athletes are the same as those in the rest of
society. That is unless you seriously believe that crime figures, gamblers and
drug dealers are as enthralled by the prospect of hanging out with a broke
second-year engineering student as they are by earning the social cred that
comes with associating with - and perhaps corrupting - a rich young sports star.
We should not pretend all 18-year-olds can be treated equally.

Something usually unspoken in American sport is that the recruitment of athletes
from underprivileged backgrounds, often in the African-American and Latino
communities or from poor rural areas in the south, brings potential problems. A
childhood spent surrounded by social evils such as alcoholism and domestic abuse
does not suddenly disappear when you walk through the locker room door. It
follows that when Australian clubs enthuse about the potential of players from
remote Aboriginal communities or depressed city regions, they should appreciate
they are sometimes getting more than just a try-scoring machine. Some sports and
clubs understand those responsibilities better than others.

We should learn that a super boot or a 160kmh yorker does not justify
everything. One of the usual suspects in those American publications was the
cocaine-addicted baseballer Steve Howe. By the time I left school he had
completed his seventh drug ban. But always, somewhere, there was a manager
desperate for a closing pitcher who claimed he could rehabilitate him. Maybe we
can't stop athletes from pulling beanies over their eyebrows, decorating
themselves with bling and rapping inanely about their exploits. But if they
can't be saved from those Americanisms, maybe it's still not too late to save
our bored, cashed-up athletes from themselves.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING:Edd Argon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 28, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Subway Plan Stalls for Rocker

BYLINE: By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 599 words


John Rocker may not be riding the No. 7 train to Shea Stadium after all, but his
pending four-day visit remains a headache, and police officials said yesterday
that undercover police officers would be in the stands to protect the Atlanta
Braves pitcher from unruly fans.

The deployment of undercover officers is one in a series of strategies the
police are planning to ensure that Rocker is not assaulted or injured during a
four-game series between the Braves and the Mets, which begins tomorrow night.

Many of the moves under discussion are designed to protect Rocker should he go
through with his avowed plan to travel to Shea on the No. 7 subway line, whose
riders are among the New Yorkers he had chosen to belittle.

But doubt was cast on Rocker's plan last night. In Montreal, Braves Manager
Bobby Cox said the Braves had made it clear to Rocker that they did not want him
riding the No. 7 train, and Cox seemed to think Rocker would comply. And one of
Rocker's teammates -- catcher Javier Lopez -- said flat out that Rocker, who was
not talking, would not be on the subway.

Earlier yesterday, Commissioner Bud Selig, who suspended and fined Rocker for
his remarks about foreigners, gays and members of minorities, said he was
confident that everything surrounding Rocker's stay in New York would be handled
properly.

"I've talked to the mayor," Selig said, referring to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani.
"I've talked to the Braves. The Braves are talking to him."

Ever since Rocker announced his intention to take the train to the game,
baseball officials have said privately they do not believe he will.

If Rocker does somehow end up on the No. 7 train, police officials said his trip
will definitely not feature face-to-face encounters with angry straphangers.

"The only thing he will be seeing in his car will be police officers," Police
Commissioner Howard Safir said. "This is like protecting the Ku Klux Klan. You
don't want to do it but you have an obligation to protect people from
themselves."

Police officials said Rocker would be guarded around the clock while he is in
New York. During discussions Monday, the police and the baseball supervisors
talked of assigning a team of nine police officers to travel with Rocker during
any subway trip, but police officials said yesterday that the actual number
remained fluid.

Other security arrangements being discussed included posting an officer at every
station of the No. 7 train between Grand Central Terminal and Shea and possibly
converting whatever train Rocker got on into an express for the rest of its
journey. But many of these preparations now seem moot unless Rocker surprises
the Braves and baseball and does end up on a train.

At the stadium, the police are planning to have as many as 600 officers -- as
many as usually patrol a playoff game -- on hand, including several mounted
officers to keep fans off the field after the game. Usually the police detail at
Shea consists of 45 to 60 officers, depending on attendance, the police said.

At least one of the undercover officers will be an Atlanta police lieutenant who
is traveling with the Braves and will be working at field level in a team
uniform to provide an extra level of security for Rocker, the police said.

In addition, Mets officials have said they plan to erect a covered fence around
the bullpen to prevent fans from throwing things at Rocker during the game.

David Howard, the Mets' senior vice president of business and legal affairs,
said mounted police and highway patrol cars would be part of the police
deployment at Shea.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              274 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

OF SUNNY HELL AND SOGGY HELL

BYLINE: Barry Glassner

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 29 words


Barry Glassner Cross Country column ponders urban residents' tendency to
belittle other cities; focuses on war of words between residents of Portland,
Ore, and Los Angeles; photo

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              275 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 9, 1999, Thursday,

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 16A, VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 899 words


Ethics taught every day in school< I'm sorry to read that Morse High School in
Bath has decided not to teach an ethics course because of the fear of offending
their students' constitutional rights, especially as regarding religious
beliefs.

Most people have an unconscious ethical system by which they make decisions. We
can teach students how one can make conscious ethical choices by giving them
information on the various ethical systems, such as utilitarianism, hedonism or
situational ethics. This can be done without encouraging a specific choice.

Besides, we are teaching ethics every day, all day long. A teacher who belittles
a student has taught ethics. A teacher who encourages a student has taught
ethics. A school that has zero tolerance for violence or drugs is teaching
ethics. A school that allows bullies to terrorize is teaching ethics.

In fact, what students learn most is what it means to be an adult and to make
proper choices. We need to teach ethics in an intentional way.

Stephen Carnahan

Portland

Use safety-made

medical devices

At last, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention publicly
acknowledges what hospital epidemiologists have known for years -- the use of
safety-engineered needles and other medical devices dramatically reduces health
care workers' risk for exposure to potentially fatal infectious diseases ("Safe
needles urged for health workers," Portland Press Herald, Nov. 23).

Over six years ago, New England Rehabilitation Hospital of Portland made a
commitment to employee safety by replacing nearly all of our conventional
needles and sharp instruments with safety engineered devices.

Since that time, "needlesticks" and other injuries from sharp medical devices
have been practically eliminated at our hospital. We believe that the expense of
using safety-engineered devices has been money very well spent.

The cost of using the safer devices pales in comparison to the price paid by a
health care worker who becomes infected with hepatitis or HIV as the result of a
preventable incident.

Based on our experience, I strongly urge all health care facilities in Maine who
have not yet done so to heed the CDC's advise and employ the use of
safety-engineered medical devices.

Sara Whelan

Health Coordinator

New England Rehabilitation Hospital

of Portland

Tax and and spend

name of the game

Once again M.D. Harmon tells it like it is in the Nov. 29 issue of the Portland
Press Herald. He will likely be maligned once again, as he so often seems to be,
but not by me.

Augusta anticipates a $ 250 million surplus this year. The feeding frenzy now
begins. The Republicans want to give it back to the taxpayers from where it came
in the first place.

Maine is among the top five states in per-capita tax burden. Maine also is among
the lowest five in disposable income. If it were to be distributed as a
per-capita rebate every family of four would net $ 1,000!

The state government is controlled by the Democrats and the governor is an
independent. As you read M.D. Harmon's column, it seems clear what you can be
ready to anticipate. It will just dissolve down the familiar rat hole of
bureaucratic fiscal irresponsibility. You can expect to see the usual number of
money referendums come next November. Tax and tax, spend and spend -- that's the
name of the game.

I have largely quoted from what Mr. Harmon had to say, but it bears repeating
over and over again in an effort to get the message through our heads.

Donald J. Murchie

Brunswick

WHY DO the Portland newspapers publish frequent stories about the crushing tax
burden faced by Maine people?

Maine voters obviously don't perceive taxes and spending as a problem.

In your most recent article, you state that the average Mainer's local property
taxes are among the highest in the country and have risen faster than in any
other state and the tax bite is getting deeper.

You go on to claim, "Mainers are among the most heavily taxed residents in the
country even though Maine is a relatively poor state."

I cannot remember the last time you used the editorial page to urge a "no" vote
on a bond issue.

Maine voters have overwhelmingly approved all spending by debt in recent
elections. It would appear that the voters are willing to spend as though there
were no tomorrow.

I predict that in future elections, politicians will put everything but the
kitchen sink out to bond, knowing full well that the voters will go for it.

Buyer, beware.

Robert M. Howe Jr.

Bridgton

An old idea gets

city manager's notice

In a Nov. 30 Press Herald editorial, I learn that the city manager is trying to
gather important information from citizens.

According to the editorial, he has asked to meet with nine residents "every few
months."

What a brilliant, innovative idea -- the city will now actually speak directly
with citizens!

The editorial closes by saying that the more input that everyone in city
government has from citizens, the better.

Pretty heady stuff!

Lee Kemble

Portland

Correction

In a letter published yesterday from George Neavoll of Las Cruces, N.M., a word
was typed incorrectly. The sentence should have read: "America has lost the
voice of one of its premier conservationists in the resignation of Amos Eno as
executive director of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

Staff photo by John Ewing;

 Portland High School teacher John Johnson integrated news spun from the
Clinton-Lewinsky affair in both his psychology and world history classes last
year. A reader says students subconsciously learn ethics every day in school,
but there should be more intentional teaching of ethics.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              276 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 8, 1999 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

TV ESP NEW ELECTRONIC PROGRAM GUIDES DON'T JUST TELL YOU WHAT'S ON, THEY
ANTICIPATE WHAT YOU MIGHT WANT TO WATCH

BYLINE: JON HEALEY, MERCURY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: COMPUTING + PERSONAL TECH; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 2042 words


FOR many TV viewers, the increase in cable and satellite channels hasn't made it
easier to find something good to watch -- it's just buried the good shows under
a growing mound of video landfill.

Ed Wodzienski has responded to the challenge in a typically Silicon Valley
fashion: with new technology. A computer consultant in Santa Clara, Wodzienski
uses one of an emerging set of microprocessor-powered tools to weed through the
expanded lineup and record shows he might otherwise have overlooked.

His helper -- a $499 Philips digital video recorder -- uses software from Santa
Clara-based TiVo Inc. to suggest shows that Wodzienski might find appealing.
It's far from perfect, he said, but it's a start.

While some competitors belittle TiVo's approach, there is widespread interest
around the TV industry in creating advanced program guides that can personalize
the nightly lineup. For example, there are several on-screen guides today that
make it easier to find and record shows according to some feature that you might
like -- a particular actress, say, or movie genre.

And in the coming months, more companies will try to follow TiVo's lead and
predict programs based on your viewing profile. It's a tricky task that involves
some heavy statistical analysis, but advocates say these advanced program guides
are the wave of the future.

"It's where the industry is headed," said Mark Jackson, chief technologist at
the satellite-TV company EchoStar Communications Corp., adding, "We're not there
yet."

EchoStar has aligned with Microsoft's WebTV, based in Mountain View, for digital
recording technology, while competitor DirecTV has joined forces with TiVo. Both
plan to include software in their receivers next year that tries to learn a
viewer's tastes and record programs accordingly.

The emergence of these technologies may be a double-edged sword for consumers.
That's because the information collected to gauge your TV preferences can reveal
a lot about your personality, interests and other personal details that you'd
just as soon keep to yourself.

Advertisers crave such information because it helps them target their pitches
more effectively, and service providers like the idea of collecting more from
advertisers. But TiVo, for one, says it can't gather individually identifiable
data from its boxes, only national compilations of viewer behavior.

The profiler

The viewer's dilemma is this: Even on an antiquated cable system like the one in
San Jose, there are nearly 2,000 hours of programs to choose from each and every
day.

For most of those shows, a fair amount of information is available -- schedules,
plot summaries, rating codes, actors, directors and the like. Viewers with
specially equipped sets, satellite TV or digital cable servicecan display this
information on their TV screens, using something called an electronic program
guide.

The problem is getting through all of that data. And that's where the new
program-guide technology comes in.

Wodzienski's TiVo recorder learns his likes and dislikes by tracking his
reactions to shows or program listings, which he expresses by pressing a green
"thumbs up" or a red "thumbs down" button on his remote control. Wodzienski also
can tell the box which channels are his favorites.

The box uses this input to develop a profile of Ed Wodzienski, TV Viewer. Then
it compares the profile to information in the program guide and, if there's free
space on its storage disk, records programs that might appeal to him.

At first, he said, there seemed to be no correlation between what he was telling
the box and what it was suggesting. For example, after he gave a thumbs up to
the futuristic horror film "Aliens," the box started recording a bunch of
black-and-white action flicks off a classic movie channel.

Over time, though, the box has started hitting closer to the mark --
particularly after Wodzienski clued it in to his favorite channels. "Yes, it's
gotten a little better," he said, "but not as much as I would have liked."

Jim Barton, TiVo's chief technical officer, said that the quality of the
predictions depends on the amount of input from the user. That's because the
"thumbs up" and "thumbs down" buttons don't tell the box why the viewer liked or
disliked the show -- it could be the plot, the director, the star, or any number
of factors not listed in the program guide.

Barton said TiVo could have designed the software to ask for more detailed
input, but the company didn't want to ask users for more than a single click of
the remote. As a consequence, the box has to try to find patterns in the
viewers' likes and dislikes that can explain why they responded the way they
did. And that requires a lot of input.

The hardest part is finding a correlation between what someone likes in one
programming genre with what they like in another. For example, how likely is it
that someone who loves a John Wayne western will also love Fox's "King of the
Hill" but not NBC's "Veronica's Closet"?

"There are companies whose whole business is developing models for these sorts
of correlations. . . . They do this in supermarkets all the time," Barton said.
Although good models have yet to be developed for TV viewers, he said, studies
have found that "there's actually not that many different types of people. . . .
They tend to (fall into) socioeconomic buckets."

Other approaches

Fremont-based Metabyte Inc. goes one step further than TiVo in trying to divine
a viewer's tastes. Its technology, which it hopes to demonstrate in January,
tries to judge what a viewer likes by tracking everything he or she tunes in for
more than a passing glance.

"We assume that people watch the kind of TV that they like watching," explained
Andy Fischer, director of business development for Metabyte. "And so by
monitoring their consumption of television programs, we can make reasonable
decisions" about what else they might enjoy.

Obviously, there are some drawbacks. What if you watched two minutes of "The
Jerry Springer Show" before coming to your senses? What if you fell asleep in
front of the Home Shopping Network?

"None of those things (cause) large swings in the profile of you that we're
building up," Fischer said. "Just as there's a threshold for when we think
you're watching, there's a threshold for when we think you're not watching
anymore."

The key, he said, is to gather a large amount of information about your viewing
habits -- say, two weeks' worth. "It is an adaptive algorithm that learns over
time," Fisher said. "The impact of incorrect data will be reduced over time by
the introduction of correct data."

Metabyte is talking to a number of companies about using its technology, but it
has yet to announce any deals.

As with TiVo's profiles, Fischer said that Metabyte's technology can help
advertisers target their pitches more effectively -- even if each viewer's
profile remains hidden inside the set-top box. Still, he said that
theadvertising industry is eager to obtain the profiling data, and he predicted
that some companies would share such information with advertisers while others
wouldn't.

Microsoft has been a powerful advocate of this kind of data gathering, said
analyst Rich Doherty of The Envisioneering Group, a technology consulting firm.
At a recent briefing, Doherty said, Microsoft told analysts that one of the main
reasons to use its database software is to track what people do on their
computers and their TV sets.

Surprisingly, he added, about a third of the consumers surveyed say they'll
happily surrender information about their viewing habits if it translates into
better TV. Another third say they won't stand for having their TV viewing
monitored, Doherty said, and the rest are somewhere in between.

The potential benefit for consumers is fewer annoyingly inappropriate pitches
from mass marketers, said Steve Larsen of Net Perceptions, a company that helps
Internet sites like Amazon.com suggest products to individual Web surfers. "I
can ultimately see a scenario," Larsen said, "where I as a user never have to
watch an ad on television for a product I have no interest in and will never
buy."

Steve Shannon of Mountain View-based Replay Networks, a TiVo rival that also
makes digital video recorders, argued that consumers don't seem interested in a
recorder that monitors their viewing habits.

"That's not to say it can't be useful at all. There's just a lot of practical
realities there," Shannon said. "Those practical realities could be overcome if
the hard disk space (in the recorder) were bigger. That would give us enough
room for error."

Rather than trying to guess what a viewer might like, Replay's technology
searches the programming lineup for shows whose descriptions contain key words
or phrases specified by the viewer -- "John Wayne," for example, or "ballet."
The programs that match are assembled into virtual channels on Replay's
on-screen menu.

That method still can produce unanticipated results, which for some viewers is
part of the appeal. A "football" channel, for example, would record the canine
adventure flick "Air Bud: Golden Receiver" as well as NFL games. And someone
setting up a channel for "Frank Sinatra" would also be treated to the collected
works of Frank Sinatra Jr.

The cable guys

Tele-Communications Inc., now known as AT&T Cable, made its first step toward a
better program guide when it introduced digital cable service two years ago. The
service included a searchable guide that organized shows by genre as well as
time and channel, enabling viewers who wanted to watch a movie, a sporting event
or a kids' show to scroll through just those types of programs.

An updated version is due to arrive from TV Guide Interactive in October that
will add advertisements for specific programs or channels. Although it might be
possible to track what viewers watch and gear the promotions to things that seem
to match their tastes, Ed Knudson of TV Guide Interactive said, there's a big
problem: What do you do for homes where multiple people watch TV?

"The trick with profiling is, can you do it without asking people to log on to
their television set and identify themselves," said Knudson, the company's vice
president. "In my house, I don't watch the same things my kids watch. I'd want a
different selection list to come up for me."

To address that issue, the next-generation program guide from Source Media will
have individual viewers punch in a personal identification number to get
services tailored to their preferences. The technology, which is slated for
deployment later this year in Rockford, Ill., is designed to learn viewers'
likes and dislikes by tracking what they choose to watch. It then delivers
on-screen promotions for matching shows or services, said Wendy Borow-Johnson,
vice president of strategic marketing.

For example, she said, "I know you've watched golf. Are you interested in other
golf events? Click here, say yes -- I can send you a reminder when they're on."

The service also will enable people to set up customized program guides showing
only their favorite programs or channels. "We call it menu-driven television,"
Borow-Johnson said. "You get to select things you want based onthe choices that
you've made."

AT&T Cable also is exploring personalization and ad targeting as features of the
advanced digital service it hopes to introduce next year, said Laurie Priddy,
president of interactive offerings for AT&T Broadband and Internet Services.
That service will be delivered by a new converter box with a powerful
microprocessor and a high-speed modem, opening up a world of possibilities for
interactive services and promotions.

That also raises the possibility that AT&T, which is working with Microsoft on
interactive services, could track not only what programs you choose to watch,
but also what Web sites you go to through your Internet-connected TV set.
Federal law, though, bars a cable operator from disclosing information about
individual customers' usage without their consent.

"We always want to be mindful of people's privacy," Priddy said, adding that
AT&T will not let any other companies own the data generated by their cable
customers.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contact Jon Healey at jhealey@sjmercury.com or (877) 727-5005.

GRAPHIC: Photo, Drawing;
PHOTO: [no credit]
The menu of TV Guide Interactive allows viewers to indiate their program choices
by category, such as sports or children
[990808 CO 7F]
DRAWING: ILLUSTRATION BY JENNY ANDERSON - MERCURY NEWS STAFF ARTIST

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 09, 1998, Monday

AN EXERCISE IN FLUTILITY  VINNY STANDS TALL AS 'D' BELITTLES BILLS

BYLINE: By RICH CIMINI

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  57

LENGTH: 744 words


Flutie Flakes aren't just for breakfast anymore. At the Jets' defensive meeting
Saturday night at the team hotel in New Jersey, coordinator Bill Belichick
delighted his players by unveiling a box of Western New York's hottest cereal.

They sampled the sugary concoction as they reviewed the game plan on how to stop
the Bills' magical quarterback. Subliminal motivation?

"Somebody was saying they wanted to get the real Flutie, that they didn't want
the flakes," Jets defensive back Corwin Brown said last night at Giants Stadium,
recalling the snack-and-scheme session. "They wanted the real deal."

So they had him for lunch.

Belichick's ravenous defense, continuing its rapid ascent, chewed up Flutie and
his merry band of miracle workers, lifting the Jets to a 34-12 victory. Flutie,
replaced by Vinny Testaverde as the darling of the AFC, said it had been "a good
five years since I've had to deal with one of these kind of beatings."

On this day, the diminutive quarterback was dwarfed by Testaverde, who
maintained his perfect record as a starter (6-0) by throwing for 258 yards and
three touchdowns.

Led by Testaverde, wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson (seven catches for 95 yards)
and the cereal-killing defense, the Jets (6-3) overcame three first-half
turnovers to win their fourth straight, their longest winning streak since 1993
and only the second time since 1986 they have won four in a row.

More important, the Jets, having won six out of seven, remained atop the AFC
East. They're tied with the Dolphins, and one game ahead of the Bills and
Patriots (both 5-4), who also lost yesterday. The Jets next face the Colts (1-8)
in Indianapolis.

This is getting serious.

"The possibilities are endless," fullback Keith Byars said. "One of my goals is
to get in the playoffs before Week 16. We could be the No. 1 or No. 2 seed. Hey,
there's no rule written that says Denver can't go 5-3 in the second half."

Predictably, coach Bill Parcells downplayed the streak, which includes a 4-0
record in the division the first time since 1978 they won their first four
division games.

"I've been down this road before," Parcells said. "They're not sending any two
dozen roses over here today. If they do, I'm sending them bCR>ack."

His defense deserved a bouquet, stifling Flutie (12-for-30, 154 yards), running
back Antowain Smith (37 yards) and holding the Bills to four field goals. This
was the same Buffalo offense that had been averaging 27 points over five-game
winning streak.

The 36-year-old Flutie, who began the day as the highest-rated passer in the
AFC, was intercepted twice (by Otis Smith and Ray Mickens) and sacked twice.

How did the Jets do it? The secondary played more man-to-man coverage than
usual, the front seven did a terrific job of keeping the slippery Flutie in the
pocket and reserve linebacker James Farrior was deployed at times as a "spy" in
a newfangled 4-4-3 scheme.

"It wasn't easy shutting down that guy," linebacker Bryan Cox said of the 5-9
Flutie. "That little son of a buck is tough."

"Compliments to our defense," said Curtis Martin, who had another frustrating
day (21 carries for 54 yards), save for a 6-yard TD run in the fourth quarter.
"Usually, when you turn it over three times, you don't finish the day like we
did."

Testaverde (22-for-31) was intercepted on his first pass, and Jerald Sowell, who
replaced Martin for two series, lost two fumbles. But the Bills were able to
convert the three turnovers into only three points.

"Our defense responded very well to quite a bit of adversity," Parcells said.

Then Testaverde took over, hitting three different receivers for touchdowns
Johnson (25 yards), Dedric Ward (36) and Wayne Chrebet (12). Johnson delivered
in the clutch, with four third-down receptions and one fourth-down grab.

"The first play was a little rough, but I thought he did a terrific job,"
Parcells said of Testaverde, who now has 15 TD passes and only three
interceptions. "Everything we asked him to do, he did well."

The passing attack offset another sluggish performance on the ground, although
the Jets did managed 78 yards in the second half to milk the clock. The
offensive line, meanwhile, surrendered only one sack to Bruce Smith & Co.

In the end, the Jets had their Flutie Flakes and ate 'em, too.

"They're kind of sweet, but they tasted pretty good," Otis Smith said, grinning.

Not as good as the taste of victory.


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GERALD HERBERT DAILY NEWS TAKETH AWAY: Jets' Ray Mickens celebrates
fourth-quarter interception of a Doug Flutie pass.

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              278 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          February 8, 1978, Wednesday

BYLINE: BY BETTY GARRETT

SECTION: Page 19, Column 3

LENGTH: 35 words

Betty Garrett article belittles problems created by NYC's latest snowfall.
Says, compared to disasters experienced by Ohio residents, NYC's current
situation is no worse than minor annoyance.  Illus (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: Editorial_Comment 39

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photograph

              Copyright 1978 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              279 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 22, 1998 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Success isn't brand new to NU women's team

BYLINE: CURT MCKEEVER, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 703 words


Paul Sanderford might be the  best thing to happen to the Nebraska women's
basketball program. He's a likable chap who has an open-arms policy to most
everyone -- including the media -- and seems to be able to push the right
buttons with his players. I just wish he'd stop acting like the Cornhuskers have
never had a taste of the high life.  Sanderford just guided a team recruited by
the staff of former coach Angela Beck to a 23-10 record.

Nebraska's season ended in the second round of the NCAA Tournament.  "I'm not
trying to belittle the program in the past, but the kids got a taste of the
big-time," Sanderford said after closing the book on his first campaign in
Lincoln. Sorry Coach, while I might take you in a battle of bench wits with Beck
and admire what you put together on the run, this season fit the category of par
for the course.  Let's take a closer look. Nebraska returned the bulk of a squad
that went 19-9 last season. Among the returnees was senior forward Anna DeForge,
unquestionably one of the top three players to ever play in the program (Karen
Jennings and Maurtice Ivy would be the other two). A rational-thinking person
would expect the Huskers to be improved.  Sanderford, who took 12 of his 15
Western Kentucky teams to the  NCAA Tournament, then fueled that notion by
getting the Huskers past two ranked teams -- Alabama and Western Kentucky -- and
into the finals of the Preseason Women's NIT. It set the stage for a season in
which Nebraska would tie the school record for victories.  Let's remember,
though, that last year, Beck guided Nebraska to an early-season win against
ninth- ranked Iowa, and later watched the Huskers knock off No. 13 Texas Tech.
The problem she had was her final Nebraska team went into a late-season swoon.
After the win against Texas Tech, the Huskers lost five of their last six
regular- season games, including what amounted to an NCAA Tournament elimination
contest at home against Iowa State.  Sanderford's team won five of its final six
in the regular-season -- but none of those were surprising results.  Nebraska
then got drilled in the quarterfinals of the Big 12 Conference Tournament by an
Oklahoma State team it had pounded by 30 points in late January. But unlike a
year ago following a close quarterfinal loss to 12th-ranked Texas, the Huskers
weren't sweating whether the NCAA Tournament Selection Committee would reward
them with an at-large berth.  Nebraska, ranked for 17 straight weeks, deserved
such a bid, but Sanderford's esteemed stature in women's college basketball
probably sealed the deal (And I believe had he been with the Huskers in 1997,
that team, too, would have gotten the benefit of the doubt and been invited to
the NCAA Tournament).  Having a big-name coach does have its advantages. And
Sanderford -- coaching talent that was much better than he'd like people to
believe -- did help Nebraska take strides this season. It's just that I think
the biggest one occurred not on the court, but in generating interest in the
program.  Even then, the jury is still out. Nebraska's average home crowd of
3,452 was its largest ever. But until ticket giveaways the last two games helped
draw impressive crowds of 11,465 and 12,182, interest in Nebraska women's hoops
was, at best, luke-warm.  A colleague who has some problems with the Nebraska
men's program made sure he pointed out those two big crowds when trying to argue
the women have more going for them. The fact that many people used the freebies
tells me there is a market to be capitalized on, but I prefer to think he was
comparing apples to oranges. Unlike the men, there are no expensive surcharges
for seats to women's games, nor is there an oversaturation of the sport because
of television.  That's why I would expect paid attendances to escalate for
Nebraska women's games. And if I'm reading Sanderford correctly, the level of
play will follow in line.  Just don't try and convince me things are already a
lot better than they were, Coach -- because they aren't. Nebraska had some
big-time success before you got here.

Curt McKeever used to cover NU  women's basketball and remains an interested
observer while covering the NU men's team for the or 473-7441.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color head photo, Paul Sanderford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 4, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ARCHITECTURE VIEW;
Grand Central as a Hearth In the Heart of the City

BYLINE: By Herbert Muschamp

SECTION: Section 2;  Page 27;  Column 1;  Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1433 words


GRAND CENTRAL TERMINAL is getting a sex change. There are probably more delicate
ways to characterize the $100 million project to overhaul the historic station,
which officially got under way last week. But to gloss over the issue of
'rchitectural gender-bending would be to miss the big story behind what's going
on at Grand Central, New York's most cherished landmark, and in many other
projects around town as well.

Most people recognize that the workplace has been altered by the changing status
of women. The city, in effect, is one big workplace. So it shouldn't be
surprising to find similar alterations taking place on an urban scale. Grand
Central was built 83 years ago as a temple to the manly cult of work: hustle,
bustle, button-down collar, the high-powered rhythm of the 9 to 5. It will
reemerge as a shrine to rituals traditionally associated with domesticity:
dining, shopping and keeping up the house.

This is not to belittle the substance of a very thoughtful plan. Designed by the
New York firm Beyer Blinder Belle, architects of the 1991 restoration of Ellis
Island, the project is a highly complex undertaking, a deft fusion of historical
reconstruction, contemporary stagecraft, cultural symbolism and functional
efficiency. The 1913 building, designed by Warren & Wetmore, was a Beaux-Arts
forerunner of the modern megastructure, a building much admired by modern
architects for its sophisticated interweaving of infrastructura and urban
amenity. Warren & Wetmore integrated train travel into what was becoming a dense
urban context. The new plan shows comparable sophistication in flipping the
order of those two elements for a technically obsolete facility whose monumental
scale stands in glaring contrast to the shrunken market for rail travel

New Yorkers got a preview of the revitalization plan two years ago, with the
restoration of the waiting room on the 42d Street side of the building. In
recent years, this magnificent room had lost its purpose. With the transfer of
Amtrak's intercity rail service to Penn Station, not to mention the airlines'
absorption of long-distance travel, there was little cause for waiting. Grand
Central's waiting room had been left to shift for itself, much like the drifters
and homeless people who found refuge here.

The renovation also confronted a very different social problem: how to prevent a
disheartened middle class from feeling further displaced from the urban center.
Now the once-dingy room glows with polished surfaces of Caen stone and pink
marble beneath refurbished gilt chandeliers. It has already been used for art
exhibitions and holiday bazaars and is often rented 'ut for fancy benefit
dinners. Architecture, here, becomes an aggrandized version of home economics: a
sponge, a mop, a hot meal on the table and no more waxy buildup.

Improved circulation is another focus of the plan. A new entrance has been
designed for Lexington Avenue at 43d Street, and a new concourse, lined with
shops, will create an axis from 43d Street into the main concourse. Ramps
leading from the 42d Street side will be freed of the clutter of makeshift
offices and partitions. A trip to the Oyster Bar will no longer feel like a
descent into the catacombs. With the relocation of the ticket master's office,
the confining ceilings over the ramps leading to the lower level will be
removed, opening the space to soaring heights and natural light. The ramps will
also offer teasing glimpses of the ethereal sky ceiling in the adjacent
concourse.

The concourse is of course the heart of this magnificent building. Even during
the station's decline, the concourse provided stupendous urban theater. This is
a room designed to inspire awe, an interior space that replicates the amplitude
of the city. Grand Central was the country's first fully electrified station;
the chandeliers featured exposed bulbs, not because crystal was too costly but
because electric incandescence was miraculous. The restored sky ceilidg, with
bulbs standing in for stars, will recall the astronomical ambition that
propelled modern New York into being.

The most striking new feature of the restored concourse will be the construction
of a new grand staircase at the eastern end, which will mirror the stair on the
opposite side of the concourse. Part of Warren & Wetmore's orginal design, the
stair was eliminated when a plan to build a large railroad hotel above the
station was canceled.

Now the stair will lead to a quartet of restaurants that will fill the concourse
balcony. Indeed, a restaurant critia, not an architecture critic, may well have
the final word about the station's revitalization. With restaurants ringing the
concourse and the waiting room, and a food court installed on the lower level,
food, glorious food, is likely to become Grand Central's signal attraction. The
wait will be for tables instead of trains.

Is Grand Central going to become a shopping mall like Washington's Union
Station?  That may be the critical question raised by the plan. The answer,
fortunately, is no.  Though there will be a slight increase in the space devoted
to commercial use, it is being kept within reasonable bounds. Design guidelines
for new shops, fronts and signs will prevent retail uses from visually
overwhelming the historic structure. In fact, they will clean up most of the
commercial clutter that has accumulated over the years.  With the ban on
billboard-size signs like the one for Kodak, the main concourse will actually
look less commercial than it has in d'cades. The balcony restaurants will make
the concourse an even more glorious arena for people watching and for reveling
in that priceless urban commodity, space.

Still, it's pointless to pretend that the project will not fundamentally alter
the character of this building. Indeed, the change should be welcomed. Important
as it is to preserve the city embodied in Grand Central, the building's
transformation holds a powerful meaning for the contemporary city and its
continuing growth.

Since the demo'ition of the old Penn Station in 1962, big-city train stations
have assumed the character of urban shrines, temples to the faith that cities
still have a vital role to play in an increasingly suburban society. That's why
some people are so disturbed by the conversion of Washington's Union Station
into a suburban mall. It suggests that the only way to preserve the city center
is by turning it into a suburb.

But the big-city station has always been a flawed symbol of civic pride. Grand
Central is, in effecp, a double agent. While undeniably a great urban landmark,
it is also a monument to the centrifugal forces -- first trains, then cars, now
modems -- that since the 1920's have hastened the suburban exodus of the middle
class.

Beyond that, it is now painfully clear that urban centers are not well served by
the cultural dichotomy between city and suburb. Their economic viability depends
in part on healing that split: on the reintegration of cities with their
surrounding regions.

Grand Central's transformation reflects the breakdown of that dichotomy and the
gender stereotypes associated with it. The project injects into the urban
workaday world functions and relationships more commonly linked to homey
comforts. Grand Central is not the first gender-bending building. The Cambridge,
Mass., team of Benjamin and Jane Thompson (who redesigned Washington's Union
Station) pioneered the genre with festival marketplaces like South Street
Seaport. The recladding of modern glass office buildings with ornate post-modern
facades could be seen as part of the same phenomenon. It transfers to the
streetscape the domestic ritual of picking out new drapes.

TWO YEARS FROM NOW, WHEN the Grand Central project is completed, there will be
much oohing and aahing over the magnificent Beaux-Arts architecture. But
maintenance, not history, should get the biggest round of applause. After all,
the project will erase as much history as it will preserve. Warren & Wetmore's
design is part of history, but so is Grand Central's decline. The issue is what
it has taken to reverse that decline. Architects have always excelled at
building monuments. The news is that now they are committed to caring for them
too. Beyer Blinder Belle may not wish to be described as homemakers, but they
are covering themselves with glory for being just that.

No longer primarily a point of transition, Grand Central is developing into a
destination itself. The revitalization plan acknowledges what Grand Central has
become in the heart of the city. It's home.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: In Transition Designs for the new east stair, top left, the
Grand Central Market and a passageway by Beyer Blinder Belle--The project is a
deft fusion of historical reconstruction, contemporary stagecraft, cultural
symbolism and function. (Architectural Delineator: Porto Folio); Grand Design
The station is still admired for fusing infrastructure and urban amenity.
(Michael Kamber)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              281 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 21, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PARENT & CHILD

BYLINE: By Lawrence Kutner

SECTION: Section C; Page 8; Column 3; Home Desk

LENGTH: 1280 words


NO parent expects to like all of a teen-ager's dates. Yet there are times when
those relationships strike a particularly dissonant chord. To parents' eyes, the
mismatch may seem obvious: He is too old for her. She acts disrespectful. He
belittles her. She is not mature enough to handle the relationship, or even to
be dating at all.

Adolescents often view their budding romances quite differently than adults do.
They may also respond to their parents' comments in ways that upset both
generations by reacting hysterically or showing even greater determination to
maintain the relationship.

Maria Mancusi still cringes when she recalls how her oldest daughter, then 14,
secretly started dating. Neither she nor her husband felt comfortable with the
boy since he wasn't from their neighborhood and they knew nothing about him --
reasons they now recognize were little more than a reaction to their child's
growing independence. They also thought their daughter was simply too young for
one-to-one dating and wondered what drove her into it.

"I was angry and I felt like a failure," said Dr. Mancusi, a clinical
psychologist with the Mount Vernon Center for Community Mental Health in
Alexandria, Va., who works with the parents of teen-agers and young adults.

Despite her training and expertise, Dr. Mancusi was so upset that she responded
emotionally and dramatically. "I felt like I was losing her," she said. "We set
stricter limits, at first. I wanted to ground her until she was 30."

Although her protective feelings were understandable, she now realizes that in
the short term her response may have done more harm than good.

"Some studies document a 'Romeo and Juliet' effect," said Dr. Laurence
Steinberg, a professor of psychology at Temple University in Philadelphia and
the author of "You and Your Adolescent" (Harper & Row, 1990, $19.95). "The more
the parents oppose the relationship, the more intense it becomes."

Dating during adolescence usually serves a different purpose than dating during
young adulthood. The teen-age years are a time of experimentation and separation
from the family. The two are intricately intertwined, since it is easier for a
teen-ager to test his independence from his parents if he feels emotionally
intimate with someone else.

"It's a stage of trial and error," said Dr. M. Duncan Stanton, a family
psychologist and professor of psychiatry at the University of Rochester Medical
Center.

Adolescence is also a time of intense social pressures. Just as high-school
students may try to distance themselves from the superficial aspects of their
parents' values through the way they dress and the music they listen to, they
try with equal enthusiasm to blend in with their classmates.

"Teen-agers we've interviewed tell us that having a steady boyfriend or
girlfriend helps them fit in," Dr. Steinberg said. "It almost doesn't matter who
that person is."

Even though they may not be very serious about the people they are dating,
teen-agers pay close attention to their parents' reactions. Because they are
struggling with issues related to separation from family, they may interpret a
parent's negative or off-hand comment about a date as an attack on their
maturity or independence.

"Adolescents have supersensitive ears that pick up the slightest hint of their
parents' criticism," Dr. Mancusi said. "They tend to be emotionally fragile, and
to overinterpret comments as criticism rather than caring. This may be the first
person that your teen-ager feels really cares about her socially. Parents trying
to counteract that are going to get nowhere unless they recognize the importance
of that person."

Despite the intensity of these early relationships, they seldom last. This is
especially true for children who are college-bound, since they tend to marry
later. But for all adolescents, the importance of dating lies less in
discovering the other person than in finding out about themselves.

"Dating at this age isn't just about love or passion," Dr. Steinberg said. "It's
about growing up and becoming an adult."



STEPPING IN OR KEEPING QUIET

PARENTS should keep some things in mind if they have concerns about someone
their child is dating:

Often, the best thing to do is nothing.

Remember that most of these relationships are transient. Pushing to end one can
make a teen-ager cling to the person even more.

"Ask yourself how intense the relationship is," said Dr. M. Duncan Stanton, a
family psychologist and professor of psychiatry at the University of Rochester
Medical Center. "If they've only dated once or twice, it's probably more prudent
not to say anything."

Pay attention to what's really triggering your reaction to your child's date.

Sometimes parents are surprised by their immediate reaction when their child's
date comes from a different religion, race or social background. Even though
such differences are the basis for your response -- a response your child may be
testing by dating this person -- you may find yourself searching for other, more
socially acceptable ways to explain initial feelings toward this person. Instead
take a look at why you feel this way and try not to project those feelings onto
the date.

It is also easy to fall into the trap of judging someone simply on the basis of
dress or grooming -- for example, a boy who wears earrings or a girl with too
much makeup. Yet standards that might be applied to 25-year-olds may be
misleading when applied to teen-agers who are still trying to develop their
identities.

Don't stand by if your child is in an abusive relationship.

That is a judgment that the parent, not the child, should make, since
adolescents and even adults sometimes have trouble recognizing when they are
being abused.

"If you suspect that your child is being physically or psychologically
mistreated, you should talk to your child about what a good relationship is
really like," said Dr. Laurence Steinberg, a professor of psychology at Temple
University in Philadelphia who specializes in adolescence.

"Don't hesitate to step in and say that you don't want her to go out with this
person," Dr. Steinberg said. "Help your children understand that they shouldn't
hang around with people who make them feel bad about themselves."

When talking about your child's date, focus on specific behaviors rather than
personality characteristics.

If you begin with personality issues, your child will probably become defensive
and tune you out.

"Start with the things that you do like," Dr. Stanton advised. "Talk about how
you can see why your child would be attracted to this person. Then talk about
the specific things you would appreciate the date doing, either toward your
child or toward you, such as not simply walking into your house."

Be sensitive to good motives for getting into bad relationships.

Sometimes teen-agers will become involved with people who have serious problems
in the unrealistic belief that they can turn that person's life around.

"If you suspect that your child is trying to 'save' this person, explain how
hard it is for an adult to save somebody, much less for a teen-ager to do it,"
Dr. Steinberg said.

If your children are older, you may have to be even more discreet.

With young adults, you should be reluctant to share your negative opinions
unless you feel the relationship is abusive.

"You don't want to go on record telling your adult child that you don't like his
date because he may wind up marrying that person," said Dr. Maria Mancusi, a
psychologist with the Mount Vernon Center for Community Mental Health in
Alexandria, Va. "That would be a terrible burden for both of you."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              282 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               September 30, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

ROCK STAR LASHES OUT AFTER INCIDENT IN WHICH HE WAS BARRED FROM U.S.

BYLINE: From Mercury News wire services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 434 words


When he was yanked off a Washington-bound plane and sent home, the singer
formerly known as Cat Stevens says he became the victim of an "unjust and
arbitrary system"' that is diminishing the United States' reputation as a
defender of freedom, reports the Associated Press.

In an opinion article published in Tuesday's Los Angeles Times, Yusuf Islam said
he and his 21-year-old daughter were on their way to Nashville, Tenn., last week
to look into a music project when their flight from London was diverted to
Bangor, Maine.

"I was devastated," Islam wrote. "The unbelievable thing is that only two months
earlier, I had been having meetings in Washington with top officials from the
White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives to talk about my
charity work. . . .

"I am a victim of an unjust and arbitrary system, hastily imposed, that serves
only to belittle America's image as a defender of the civil liberties that so
many dearly struggled and died for over the centuries."

DISSING QUEEN OF THE DAMNED: Anne Rice, the famed author of "The Vampire
Chronicles" -- which was turned into a film starring Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt --
is getting chewed up for her latest book by some readers on Amazon.com, reports
MSNBC.com. But she is not taking the criticism lying down -- she has posted a
sharp rebuttal on the Web site.

Some readers have written scathing reviews of "Blood Canticle," the
finalinstallment in the hugely popular Vampire Chronicles series.

"Seldom do I really answer those who criticize my work," came a lengthy posting
in the name of Anne Rice, who goes on to say she is offended by the "sheer
outrageous stupidity of many things you've said here."

SWAPPING CAREERS: John Corbett, who's made a post-"Northern Exposure" career out
of playing lanky, laid-back love interests ("Sex and the City," "Serendipity,"
"Raising Helen," "My Big, Fat Greek Wedding") says he's calling it quits.

"I can't do this anymore. I'm getting out of acting," Corbett, 43, said at a
junket last week for his latest pic, "Raise Your Voice." Decked out in a leather
vest and black cowboy hat, the 6-foot-5 Corbett said he was making an album in
Nashville. He hopes to release his debut in the spring.

Meanwhile, singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge, who happens to be gay, will star
on an ABC sitcom about a gay single mother. According to the Hollywood Reporter,
the untitled project is being pitched as a non-traditional family comedy. It
centers on a gay music teacher who lives with her best friend, a straight man.
The two are raising the daughter of another friend.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PEOPLE

GRAPHIC: Photos (5);
PHOTO: REED SAXON -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
A STAR FOREVER AND EVER, AMEN: Singer-actor Randy Travis poses with his wife,
Elizabeth Hatcher-Travis, and a Walk of Fame plaque as he receives the 2,264th
star on Wednesday during a ceremony in Hollywood.
PHOTO: Islam
PHOTO: Rice
PHOTO: Corbett
PHOTO: Etheridge

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 30, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Reflections in a Harsh Light

Michael Wilbon

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01; MICHAEL WILBON

LENGTH: 936 words


Sheena Johnson is a track and field star at Gar-Field High School in Northern
Virginia. She competes in the 100- and 300-meter hurdles, the long jump, the
triple jump and the 200-meter dash. Almost every day after school, she practices
2 1/2 hours. Then there are the 12-hour meets on weekends. It's a labor of love.
There was nothing negative about Johnson's athletic experience until recently,
until those students were shot to death at a Colorado high school.

Although Columbine High School is more than 2,000 miles away, the many issues
surrounding the tragedy are everywhere. One of those issues is the targeting of
athletes during the shooting rampage. Resentment of athletes isn't new, but
acting on it in such a sick way is. Johnson, a model student by almost any
account, sees many of the old dynamics evolving.

"A lot of people have the perception that students who are athletes feel 'I'm
better than you are' and that they belittle people," she said. "I don't see that
on my track team, and I'm glad I don't. But there's been a lot of rumors in our
school that somebody was going to bring a gun to school to shoot the athletes.
And a lot of [athletes] are scared to go to school on Friday. I think all the TV
news attention for the last week has given everybody copy-cat ideas."

Johnson, Ian Buggs of Eleanor Roosevelt and Chris Kelley of Seneca Valley are
just three of the hundreds of high school athletes who have had the innocence of
their athletic youth interrupted, even if only briefly, to think about something
they probably never considered until the Littleton tragedy.

Buggs, an All-Met soccer player, said, "As far as certain groups being targeted,
I guess some people do feel alienated or left out. At Roosevelt, we stress
toleration. You may not like a person, and there are people who may have
different lifestyles or interests. But whether you're an athlete or not, you
need to treat parents, teachers and other students with respect.

"We had a 'Character Education' forum at school recently. We have forums from
time to time and we pick people at random so we can have a broad spectrum of
opinions. The idea is to get people involved, regardless of what their interests
are. It's disheartening that someone's status as an athlete can get him killed.
If you play sports, you can't help but think, 'This could have happened to me.'

"I was really glad when our principal [Gerald Boarman] came onto the
public-address system this morning and reminded us, 'You may not be from the
same culture, but we will tolerate.' "

Kelley, an All-Met quarterback, said, "I don't think this is a problem as Seneca
at all. Not at all. There hasn't been as much as a fight in a year. It shocked
me a lot to hear [about the athletes being targeted]. It's awful that anyone
would be targeted. But [if you play sports] you wonder why athletes would be
targeted. They must have felt someone picked on them at some point.

"People have to respect the fact that kids have different talents," Kelley said.
"My uncle Tim will call me, he stays on me. He'll tell me to work hard, stay
humble and don't put anybody down. Ever. Yeah, there are kids joking, 'You're an
athlete, so you'd better watch out,' but I think the discussions we have had at
school have been helpful for everybody. The first day after the shootings, we
talked about the situation the entire time in geometry class. Then in English
class we talked about it for 20 minutes, at least. We spent 20 to 30 minutes in
each class talking about it, and then on our own at lunch."

Traditionally, the most popular kids in school are the athletes. That's one of
the few things that hasn't changed over the last 75 years about high school
life. And yes, one of the other constants has been that the star jock clique is
the hardest to break into. And another has been that kids on the fringe often
need not apply. In the movie "The Waterboy," Adam Sandler plays a nerd who goes
from being the football team's waterboy to being the star by channeling all the
hatred he had amassed from being picked on by the team's stars.

That was a comedy. This is anything but. One encouraging thing that Johnson,
Buggs and Kelley pointed out is that kids have so many varied interests now,
that cliques overlap, interlock. High school kids are so much less likely to be
one-dimensional than they were even 20 years ago. Now, it seems the more diverse
the school population, the more tolerant even the most popular kids have to be.

Looking back, I wasn't very tolerant at all. I think I based my entire
perception of another boy's worth on how good he was at sports. That must have
alienated somebody or perhaps several somebodies. Guys are absolutely bigger
culprits than women, because the culture encourages it. My wife often asks me
why my closest male friends and relatives have to be sports junkies. I don't
have a palatable answer. It's a selection process that for a great many boys
begins in kindergarten and grows more extreme. Thank God, nobody with bad
intentions held that against me when I was in high school.

While there are kids who undoubtedly continue on bullying their way through life
because athletic prowess allows it, it was refreshing and a relief to find high
school students like Sheena Johnson, Ian Buggs and Chris Kelley who do more than
pay lip-service to tolerance. An increasing number of kids like them can tackle
problems in their schools and communities that adults are usually late
identifying. Gar-Field's Sheena Johnson says athletes generally are victims of a
misperception by fellow students.


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,LARRY KOBELKA FOR TWP

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              284 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 13, 1994

GUARDIAN AMERICA: STILL WAITING FOR BILL AND HILL'S BIG IDEA;
Garry Wills bemoans Bill's lack of vision

BYLINE: GARRY WILLS

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FOREIGN PAGE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 801 words


GETTING elected was the best thing Bill Clinton did, which is not to belittle
anything else he has done. The arrival of a Democrat in the White House was a
seismic event. There had not been a Democrat there since 1968 - if one overlooks
Jimmy Carter's brief interlude.

The Republican hold on the White House was a cultural fact of odd significance.
It occurred at the time when the country was undergoing a profound social
revolution. Look today at the status of women, gays, elected black officials,
single mothers and unwed couples.

No one is without friends or family engaged in what a quarter of a century ago
was an embarrassing social activity. Yet term after term we elected presidents
who tried to ignore or turn back this avalanche of social change.

Admittedly, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and George Bush were not elected solely
to be a brake on the pace of social change.  Other factors were in play -
especially the final spending paroxysm of the Cold War, with a concomitant
niggardliness for any but military spending.

But the fact remains that electing a Democratic President closed what was
becoming a chasm between social reality and electoral leadership.

Women, gay people, blacks and other minorities are now part of the society for
which the White House speaks, not society's enemies. This was bound to have an
affect on appointments no matter what Democrat got elected. But Clinton was the
one who did, and he deserves credit for bringing in long-delayed changes.

What other credit belongs to him? Not as much as one had reason to hope for. He
raised expectations that were largely disappointed in the immediate aftermath of
his inauguration.

As president-elect, he conducted in Little Rock an economic "summit meeting"
with an array of experts, and dazzled people with his command of problems and
policy.

But he hit Washington like a soggy pie. His economic showing-off produced a
Rooseveltian plan whose distinctive feature was abandoned at the first show of
resistance to the jobs programme.

Admittedly, the Depression gave Roosevelt a genuine crisis to work with.

But there was a perception of crisis in the 1992 campaign that led to the cry
for change and for drastic measures, reflected i n the appeal of demagogues like
Ross Perot and Pat Buchanan.

Clinton let that dissipate during his early months of having fun in the White
House. He allowed news stories about Sharon Stone and Cristophe, the hair
stylist, to trivialise the presidency while Ross Perot mounted a new campaign
urging serious action on the deficit.

Clinton had trouble passing a tax on the rich because the Republicans found it
laughably easy to misrepresent it as a tax on the middle class.

He was able to rescue initiatives at the last minute, confirming a pattern
discernible earlier in his life of eleventh-hour spectacles of personal
diplomacy and showmanship. But this keeps him behind the curve, perpetually
catching up - The Comeback Kid - saving this or that endangered position instead
of setting the agenda.

In foreign policy, he has not even had programmes to rescue. A year into office,
he admits he is still "trying to think of what our bumper sticker would be
about" in dealing with Russia. As for Bosnia, Somalia and Haiti, his
retrenchment of American commitments is defensible, but he has not mounted the
defence.

Much can be traced to the initial mistake of dropping his jobs programme. If a
vigorous domestic rebuilding had been in process, Clinton could have made a
better case for restraint abroad until our own house was set in order. Welfare
reform would be more feasible if there were jobs the unemployed could be given -
roads and bridges to be repaired, public buildings to be modernised. Instead,
the nation's infrastructure continues to crumble, reducing productivity,
fostering public disorder and limiting employment.

Last year's call for change was sharp, but Mr Clinton muted it at the moment
when he had his best opportunity for a comprehensive initiative. Lost
opportunities are what a Comeback Kid has to keep coming back from - and
Republicans are helping him. Enough of them think they can win by going back to
the Reagan era of denial that we have a changed social world.

But rescue by his opponents is hardly an inspiring prospect for Clinton.
Individual programmes will absorb his energies - especially health care, his
trademark issue, and welfare reform - while foreign policy continues to be
treated as a distraction.

Even the fight for the two main programmes would be easier if he had an
overarching rationale for his actions at home and abroad.

That is hard to formulate convincingly when faced with mid-term elections, but
life will be even harder without it. New York Times

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              285 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 10, 1989, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BERNIE'S FLIP-FLOP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 747 words


What is Bernie Miklasz's opinion of Will Clark? On one day, Bernie belittles
Roger Craig for daring to compare Clark to Stan Musial. Yet, one day later
(after a four-for-four performance, including two home runs), Bernie himself
refers to Clark as a Stan Musial clone.  Will all of Bernie's commentary depend
on the previous day's box score?  Dante Boswell Centralia, Ill.  Entertaining
Blues It's the top of the fourth, and there's a two-out walk, with the pitcher
due up next. I just can't picture that as entertainment.  I agree with Jeff
Gordon. Give me a three-on- one Blues breakaway, with Brett Hull letting it go
from the top of the circle, the red flashing light going on and thousands of
Blues fans cheering wildly. That's entertainment.  Leave the trade talk to the
Cards' front office and flock down to The Arena for some major-league fun. We
are very fotunate to have pro hockey in our city.  David Wilson St. Louis Wake
Up To Southwest Missouri Mike Smith wrote in his Eye Openers column that the
Mizzou football team is rated ''even behind Southwest Missouri State.'' In an
earlier article, he commented Mizzou was ''behind those boys from the Ozarks.''
Does Smith know that Southwest Missouri is ranked in the top five nationally in
Division I-AA? Is he also aware the Bears are rapidly approaching Mizzou's level
of performance in other sports as well?  In baseball, the 1988 season climaxed
with an invitation to the College World Series, and the 1989 season included a
doubleheader sweep of Mizzou. The basketball Bears, after trips to the NIT in
1986 and the NCAAs in 1987, '88 and '89, would enjoy a visit from Norm to the
Hammons Student Center after our two visits at Hearnes.  I think Smith should
use a different school to compare the University of Missouri programs to,
instead of up-and-coming Southwest Missouri State.  Slowly but surely,
better-quality athletes are making their way down I-44 to Springfield instead of
I-70 west to Columbia.  David Little Manchester Patience, Mizzou Fans New
season, new coach, same old Mizzou?  I don't think so. It is our misfortune to
begin a rebuilding program under Bob Stull by playing what has to be one of the
toughest schedules in the country. Mizzou is overmatched now, but this will
pass. Stull appears to be organized, competent and realistic, which we could not
always say for his predecessor. Patience, Mizzou fans.  Richard Roenick St.
Louis County Sports Letters, c/o Sports Department St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 900
North Tucker Boulevard, St. Louis, Mo. 63101.  Letters must be signed and
include return address and telephone number. The Post-Dispatch reserves the
right to edit letters for clarity and length.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              286 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 15, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Our Consumer Culture Gets What It Deserves

SECTION: Section 4; Page 12; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 185 words



To the Editor:

Stanley Lebergott (Op-Ed, Feb 10) belittles Hillary Rodham Clinton's concern
that the content of television advertising may be undermining the ethics of
delayed gratification and mutual respect that sustains capitalism and democracy.
Rather than address the sociological claims, Mr. Lebergott flies to the doctrine
of consumer sovereignty: "Who creates this 'consumer-driven culture' but 270
million Americans?" The consumer gets what she wants. But does she?

We often indulge our short-term interests at the expense of our true, long-term
interests. Aware of our weakness, we alter our environment to compensate.
Indeed, private property is itself such an alteration. But what kind of
environment does modern advertising create? "Just do it!"

Time and again, polls show that Americans believe their culture too myopic, too
materialistic and too eroticized.

May not a free society regulate itself to promote the virtues it admires?

DAVID CIEPLEY
Chicago, Feb. 11, 1998

The writer is a Ph.D. candidate in the Committee on Social Thought, University
of Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              287 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 30, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

'Yuppies' Label Belittles Work of Volunteers

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 148 words


To the Editor:

As a New York Cares volunteer, I adamantly object to "Yuppies Come Out to Paint
Up and Fix Up," the headline on your Oct. 17 article about New York Cares Day.
It is an insult to the 4,000 volunteers who worked Oct. 16 and the organization
that spent months planning the event.

While some of the Oct. 16 volunteers may have been "yuppies," the majority were
not. Such a term makes those who volunteered their time and energy sound like a
bunch of dilettantes descending from their ivory tower.

New York Cares is committed to organizing easily accessible volunteer activities
365 days a year. New York Cares Day is simply the nonprofit group's largest
project and fund-raising event. For its success, hard-working committees began
planning two months in advance and raised hundreds of dollars through sponsors.

SHERRI L. MARTON
New York, Oct. 21, 1993


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              288 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 21, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Lockhart leader of hit parade

BYLINE: Thomas Stinson, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 402 words

While the Braves were beginning to assume some control of the National League
East in late April, a commonly expressed observation around the league was
Atlanta had not yet begun to hit.

Let the word go out: The Braves are swinging now.

Summoning a 10-hit attack against San Diego, including a three-run home run by
Keith Lockhart, Atlanta outslugged the Padres 10-6 Saturday night for its
seventh victory in eight games. It was the sixth consecutive game with 10 or
more hits by the Braves, their longest string of double-digit performances since
July 20-27, 1993.

The Padres helped in this one, four of their errors leading to three unearned
runs. But that does not belittle the offensive strides the Braves have made this
week, raising their team average from .268 last Sunday to nearly .280 and rising
to among the top three in the NL.

Starter John Burkett (3-2) was dented for 11 hits himself in 6 2/3 innings,
including Carlos Hernandez's pinch-hit two-run homer in a four-run seventh, but
hung on for his third straight win.

Atlanta took advantage of some shoddy Padres fielding in the critical fourth
inning, scoring five times for an 8-3 lead. After Chipper Jones' two- run single
on the first pitch from reliever Matt Whisenant, the Padres might have kept the
margin at three runs when Brian Jordan sent a hard-grounder to shortstop. But
Damian Jackson committed his second error of the game, bouncing a throw at first
baseman Ryan Klesko, which allowed two more runs to cross.

The Padres had an opportunity to run Burkett right into the Green Parking Lot in
the third inning but managed only to tie it 3-3 after stringing together four
straight singles with a walk. Klesko singled in one run and Bret Boone drew the
bases-loaded walk for a second.

But after striking out Jackson, Burkett escaped when Lockhart fielded Ruben
Rivera's smash to the right side and started a 4-6-3 double play to end the
inning.

Lockhart, starting at second base while Quilvio Veras rests a sore left knee,
broke a nearly yearlong home run drought in the second for a 3-1 lead. After
Javy Lopez reached first on a bad-hop shot past Jackson at shortstop and Bobby
Bonilla doubled off the right-field wall, Lockhart took one strike from starter
Will Cunnane, then launched a 395-foot homer to the deep part of right-center.

Lockhart's last homer had come last May 25 in Milwaukee against Bob Wickman.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
BRAVES 10
PADRES 6
Opponent: San Diego Padres.
When; where: 1:10 p.m. today; Turner Field.
TV; radio: TBS; WSB-AM (750).

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              289 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 4, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

Stop The Movie -- We Want To Get Off!;
Minorities Are Rising Up Against Their Stereotypes on the Silver Screen

BYLINE: By Christian Williams

SECTION: Sytle; Show; H1

LENGTH: 3168 words


ON A ROCKY knoll in the rubblestrewn South Bronx of New York City, Paul Newman
rose last month to defend himself against charges that "Fort Apache, the Bronx,"
a violent police melodrama being filmed on location there, is a racist
exploitation of the neighborhood and its residents.

A coalition of 10 minority groups had filed a lawsuit, claiming that the film
portrays their place of residence as a dehumanized jungle.  The Committee
Against Fort Apache has demanded script changes, picketed on shooting days,
threatened a boycott of the complete motion picture and engaged as counsel the
flamboyant attorney William M. Kunstler.

"I was in Alabama before Kunstler was," Newman said, pleading his
social-awareness credentials before an emotional crowd.

At the time, in San Francisco, the Chinese-American community was rising up
against a movie called "Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen," set to
begin filming there tomorrow.

Eliza Chan, a representative of Chinese for Affirmative Action, claimed the Chan
character "belittles" Asians by "reciting fortune cookie inserts" in "chop-suey
English." The $8-million movie should be stopped, she said.

Meanwhile, a year-long battle by homosexual and lesbian organizations has come
to a head over the movie "Cruising," in which Al Pacino portrays an undercover
policeman assigned to penetrate the seamist depths of gay subculture.  Shooting
was disrupted in New York City last summer, complaints about the script publicly
aired and a boycott of the movie urged.  "Cruising" opened 10 weeks ago,
received negative reviews and has not done well.

Hollywood's subjects, it would seem, are rising up to demand a say in the
creation and perpetuation of their screen image -- which, since the first
evocations by D. W. Griffith, has projected powerfully stereotyped majority
perceptions of immigrants, blacks, hispanics, Jews and other humans in the
American Melting Pot.

Are these subjects, now stridently come to life, having success in the
repainting of their image?  Are scripts at this moment being rewritten in
Hollywood so as to avoid offense?  What, if anything, do film and television
producers owe their subjects beyond a realistic portrayal? Is Hollywood --
always susceptible to pressure -- facing a new threat of censorship?  Or will
the movies develop a social consciousness previously quashed by studio profit
ledgers?

"Conscience is dictated by profit, it's as simple as that," said Kunstler, "and
the whole point of the Fort Apache protest is to get at the profits.  We wanted
the Lincoln Hospital drug detoxification center shown in the film -- to balance
the bad things about the South Bronx.  They haven't done it, although they said
at one point they would."

Kunstler's tactic was to file a suit against Time-Life Films, charging libel and
invokng the controversial Frank Snepp case, since he claimed the filmmakers had
agreed to make script changes and later reneged.

The libel ploy was "untenable," Kunstler freely admitted, since large groups
cannot be libeled under New York law.  The invocation of Snepp was curious,
partly because the Supreme Court, ruling that the CIA has the right to read an
employe's book before his publisher does, cited national security as
justification for such potential prior restraint.  The New York court found
neither of Kunstler's arguments compelling and dismissed the Fort Apache case.
It is being appealed.

"The point is that you have to use the courts anyway you can," Kunstler said
cheerfully.  "Maybe we didn't get the script changes, and we haven't stopped the
movie.  But look at what we did get -- eight stories in the New York Post, seven
stories in The New York Times, four stories in the Village Voice and a lot of TV
and radio time.

The Committee Against Fort Apache is an ad hoc organization literally intent on
defending its own turf.  But similar tough talk is heard from Nosotros, a Los
Angeles-based agency founded 10 years ago by the actor Ricardo Montalban.

The goal of Nosotros is to protect the image of Hispanic-Americans in movies and
television by combating stereotypes and by seeing that ethnic roles are played
by ethnic actors.

"We have power," said Jerry G. Velasco, the Nosotros president.  "We have warned
studios and networks that ther are 20 million Hispanics in the viewing audience,
and that every year they buy $38 billion in merchandise.  We can boycott.
That's not a threat, it's a fact.

Nosotros' primary goal is to obtain roles for Hispanic actors and to prevent
what Velasco calls the "Wallace Beery-as-Pancho Villa" syndrome.  When it comes
to the alteration of specific scripts of stories, he admits he has seen little
success.

"We objected to the movie "Walk Proud," which had a chicano lead role -- played
by Robby Benson.  We tried to get some scripts changes too, but they didn't seem
to want to cooperate, I think one word -- beaner, as a derogatory word for
Latino -- was left out, but they wouldn't change anything else."

"However, we do hear about movies being made and we keep trying," Velasco said.
"There's one coming now called 'Fast Walking,' and I hear there's a scene in
where a Mexican girl gets gang raped.  We'll want to see the script and I'm sure
they'll comply."

"Fast Walking" is a Lorimar production, directed and written by James B. Harris.
It is based on the novel "Rap" by Ernest Brawley, and the plot concerns an
assassination contract behind prison walls.  Harris was bemused when told of
Nosotros' likely request for a script.

"I don't like to give scripts out," Harris said.  "When you do real life
stories, there's always somebody who feels mistreated.  What you try to do is
portray things as they are, but not exaggerate them.

"Anyway, there is no Mexican girl in the picture.  She's actually supposed to be
half Hawaiian.  She rides a motorbike and she's into scams and drugs, but there
is no rape scene.  I'll probably cast her as a Caucasian, anyhow."

Harris, a former partner of Stanley Kubrick and the producer of such provocative
films as "Lolita" "The Bedford Incident" and Paths of Glory," said he has never
had a problem with minorities.  "It's the majorities you have to look out for.
In the old days, it was the Catholic Legion of Decency, because they could
condemn your movie.  Now it's the Motion Picture Code -- you have to almost
guarantee your financial backers what your rating will be.  The word boycott may
get your back up, but it's not going to be your biggest concern."

In fact, it is majority -- not minority -- pressures that have historically
influenced Hollywood the most.  In time of economic depression, the studios
turned out pictures to cheer up the population, and in time of war to kindle the
fighting spirit.  Where there came a time of suspicion in the late 1940s, the
industry ran for cover.  So covetous of majority opinion was Hollywood that it
blacklisted 400 of its own personnel, and kept them out of public view for 20
years.

About 114 million people went to the movies last year as compared to 94 million
10 years ago, and the industry wants the numbers to continue to increase.

Cooperation is necessary, but with whom?  Filmmakers regularly submit scripts
for war movies to the Pentagon -- which maintains a special office to consider
them -- in order to obtain Department of Defense assistance in providing troops,
tanks and locations.  Even the Congress needs to be cultivated, as
writer-director-star Tom Laughlin found when he dropped into Washington in the
Bicentennial spring to shoot "Billy Jack Goes to Washington." The movie
suggested corruption was present in the capital city, and Laughlin claimed to
find Washington strangely uncooperative.  He eventually packed up his cameras
and left, insisting he had been harassed by bureaucrats and that "the
abridgement of the right to free expression has been totally beyond belief."

Minorities attempting to take on the movies encounter not only similar
Establishments in situ but also the cold facts of cash.  The Committee Against
Fort Apache for example found little sympathy when it asked that filming permits
for the movie be rovoked by the Mayor's Office of Motion Pictures and
Television.

"We can't get involved in that sort of thing," said a spokesman for the office.
"Our basic role is to help film companies operate, so they'll come back.  There
were 79 features made here last year, and 38 television projects, and 11 of the
13 soap operas originate here.  It's a $500-million annual business for us.
We're not about to revoke people's permits."

Nor are the producers themselves, toughened by the movies wars, easy to push
around.

"I could have predicted all this trouble for Paul Newman," said Irwin Yablans,
the producer and distributor.  "There's a particular danger to making films in a
ghetto area that you can't understand unless you've lived through it.  You're
dealing with people who want a piece of the glamor, with hustlers oftentimes,
and where the lines of authority aren't clearly drawn.

"I was shooting a film called "The Education of Sonny Carson' about six years
ago in New York, in Brooklyn.  It was a story about gangs.  So it's Friday
night, and I'm sitting in the production office on location talking to my wife
in Beverly Hills.  Some mundane matter, I don't know what.  Pretty soon all
these punks come in and start terrorizing the office.  One guy has a gun and
another guy has a knife, and the guy with the gun says, 'Hey, it's Friday night,
we want some money to get high, got to get some drugs.'

"I knew who they were, of course, because they worked for me.  They were real
live gang members we'd hired for the movie.  In my hubris and arrogance, I
thought we were doing them a favor.  But as it happened, we found it almost
impossible to communicate with each other.  We each wanted different things."
Yablans said he just kept talking to his wife, and eventually the gang members
went away.  "But it was a mighty strained conversation."

When Yablans distributed the film 'Mohammed, Messenger of God," however, he
encountered a case in which a minority definitely held power over the box
office.  The minority was a small band of Hanafi Muslins, who were holding 149
hostages at three locations in Washington.  One of their demands was that the
film "Mohammed" be withdrawn from circulation because it was sacrilegious.

The movie was temporarily pulled, but reopened shortly thereafter.  "At first,
there was a tremendous surge of attendance," he said, "but it dropped off fast.
People thought there'd be bombs in the theaters.  It was special, very
frightening case."

To the question "are minorities gaining more control over their screen images?"
Yablans still answers, "No."

Sumi Haru, a national chairman of the ethnic minorities committee of the Screen
Actors Guild, tends to agree -- if from the other side of the fence.

"I don't believe we'll have any real success in affecting stories and the way
they're told until we minorities get into a decision-making, producing capacity.
What we can try to do, though, is open up the casting procedure to people of
color, and for women.  We're talking about equal access, and role model, and
getting the voices of the Asian-Pacific community heard."

"I love the idea of a boycott -- it's the community speaking out -- but it seems
to me that any publicity also works to benefit the movie.  We'll see what
happens with "Hanta Yo."

(Producer David Wolper is preparing a TV mini-series based on Ruth Beebe Hill's
best-selling book about Lakota Sioux culture.  Tribal representatives, claiming
the book misrepresents Sioux life, and lobbying to have the project killed).

Haru herself is an example of the difficulties minority actors face in casting.
"Ethnically, I'm a Filipino," she said.  "My real neame is Mildred Sebilla.  But
I changed it to Sumi Haru because I was playing a lot of geisha roles."

"I don't think things are any better," said Jesse Jackson, the founder of
Chicago's Operation PUSH.  "Movie-makers are more arrogant than ever.  Hollywood
is run by a racist in-crowd, and TV is the same way -- of 134 TV executives,
only two are black."

Jackson said he believes protests will work, if they increase in numbers and
focus.  "We have to make the networks and the producers feel our moral
indignation in the top 20 markets," he said.  He cannot, however, readily name a
demonstrably effective campaign against a film or TV show.  "We had some success
in getting changes in the television biography of Martin Luther King," he said.
"But we couldn't really push very hard, out of respect for the involvement of
the King family."

Jackson, when he refers to the film capital, calls it "Hollywierd." "That's
because everybody in their world is white.  White families with white neighbors
with white children.  We thought things had changed a couple of years ago, when
Sidney Poitier, Harry Belafonte, Bill Cosby and others were working steady, but
it turned out to be an aberration.  They're now out of work as far as movies go.
'Roots' was an aberration too.  Nothing will be changed until we successfully
communicate our moral indignation."

The oldest of the minority image-watchers is the Jewish Anti-Defamation League,
which was founded in part to do battle against the sterotyping of Jews in
American vaudeville.

The ADL style is persistence and reliance on "education rather than
intimidation," according to Ira Gissens, director of the national discrimination
department in New York.  "Even so, we get ignored a lot too," he said.  "There
are barbarous stereotypes even in the classics of English literature -- in "The
Merchants of Venice' and in Dickens -- and they can be made worse by
contemporary productions.  We try to express our concern, and to explain our
position.

"For example, the movie 'Jesus Christ, Superstar,' which was in fact shot in
Israel, turned out to be quite distressing.  We conveyed our unhappiness to the
producers.  The other day an episode of the TV program 'Second City' aired,
featuring a Passover seder apparently inspired by the cafeteria scene in the
movie 'Animal House.'

"We asked for a screening, even though the episode had already run.  Our staff
watched it and found it to be offensive.  We conveyed this to the producers.  I
suppose if PBS put on a one-sided documentary, we would seek a disclaimer or at
least a follow-up.  But we would shun the notion of a boycott.  Information
works better than force."

Television, because it is seen in the home without cash admission and because
broadcasters are subject to government licensing and review, has responded more
quickly than movies to minority activism over images.

When NBC filmed a six-hour mini-series called "Beulah Land," many blacks in the
TV industry found the script "incredibly repuslive, all large eyes and broad
slave smiles," according to Robert Price, a television writer who leads an
organization called Committee to Stop the Airing of "Beulah Land." The series
was scheduled to air next month and has now been delayed until the fall. "I
don't really know how much we've accomplished yet," Price said, "but we can at
least take credit for the delay."

Indeed, when the Polish-American Congress objected to the televising of "The
End," a Burt Reynolds movie about a robust man stricken with terminal cancer,
NBC rushed to make good.

"The Dom Deluise character was very offensive to Polish Americans," said Frank
Milewski, a vice president of the New York Congress."He was a caricature, an
inmate in an insane asylum.  We met with NBC, and they agreed with us.  When the
film aired on TV, all of the material demeaning to Polish-Americans had been
deleted.  We sent the network a letter of commendation, in fact."

Despite loud Saudi Arabian complaints regarding "The Execution of a Princess,"
however, public television is going ahead with plans to air that
British-American coproduction on many of its stations.

In movies there remains only a single dramatic example of major script
alteration accomplished by a minority group: "The Godfather," from which all
references to "mafia" or "cosa nostra" were removed at the request of the
Italian-American community.  The enormous publicity generated by that film also
effectively bore another minority protest, when 30 million households heard
Sacheen Littlefeather officially refuse Marlon Brando's Oscar with a speech that
accused the motion picture industry of being "as responsible as any for
degrading the Indian and making a mockery of his character, describing him as
savage, hostile and evil."

Brando's gesture provoked titters, but it also taught a lesson which has not
escaped minority groups seeking to regain control of their own public image.

It seems clear, to virtually all such organizations, that theirs is not now the
power to rewrite scripts, or to dictate the course of commercial entertainment
programming, or a stop an offensive program or picture in its tracks.  The
movie-makers have paid for the privilege of creating whatever images they see
fit.  They own the script and the right to sell it.

What the makers do not own, and cannot exclusively control, is the glamor and
the publicity they themselves generate.

"We went all out against 'Cruising'," said Tom Burrows, special assistant to the
executive director of the National Gay Task Force.  "We felt it was a
fantastically voyeuristic escapade on the part of its director, Billy Friedkin.
We said 'Boycott!  Stay Away.  Don't go.' What happened was that as soon as the
movie opened every went to see it out of curiosity -- even a large number of gay
people.  It's not doing well now, but that's probably just because it's a bad
film."

Burrows feels that gays in the end had little influence on "Cruising," but that
they accomplished something much important.

"What we got was an organization.  What we call our Action Network.  Because of
the 'Cruising' thing, we now have organizations in Vermont, Maine, California,
Florida, Indiana, New Jersey, Ohio, Ottawa, Houston, D.C. . . . the list goes
on.  The movie brought us together because it was glamorous, and because it was
glamorous, it got us a great deal of publicity."

So it is that both William Kunstler, of the Committee Against Fort Apache, and
Ted Elpert, the Fort Apache unit publicist, can both get what they want.  "Have
the protests hurt us?" answered Elpert.  "Let's just say that if a publicist's
job is to get publicity, we're doing our job."

"Look," said Irwin Yablans.  "You can't negotiate significant changes on
location, and shoot a movie too, and keep on schedule.  That's not where it
happens."

"But that doesn't mean Hollywood doesn't change.  Take that Charlie Chan movie
being made in San Francisco.  I'll bet you anything there's no Birmingham
character in this one running up with his eyes bulging and yelling, 'Mr. Chan!
Mr. Chan!'"

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Paul Newman at a press conference in New York during the
filming of "Fort Apache, the Bronx." By Neal Boenz/NYT Pictures

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              290 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 30, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PREVIEW 1997

BYLINE: By MURRAY CHASS

SECTION: Section 8; Page 9; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 2672 words



This preview was written by Murray Chass. Teams are listed in predicted order of
finish. In the East, the Mets are picked for fourth.

N.L. EAST

Atlanta Braves

The Braves have appeared in four of the last five World Series, and have won
only one title. Anybody who belittles them for that does not understand the
difficulty teams have repeating just once, let alone time after time. Teams keep
trying, but they have greater difficulty keeping the Braves from their appointed
rounds.

The starting pitchers get most of the credit for the team's constant success,
and no one questions that assessment. Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and John Smoltz
own the last six Cy Young awards in the league.

But the Braves have another constant. They keep raising good young hitters. Ryan
Klesko, Chipper Jones and Javier Lopez have hit their way into the starting
lineup in recent seasons, and this year Jermaine Dye and Andruw Jones follow.
They are one of the reasons General Manager John Schuerholz, the deft architect
of the perennial division champions, traded David Justice to Cleveland last
week, along with Marquis Grissom, in the deal that brought the Braves Kenny
Lofton.

Key addition: Kenny Lofton

Key losses: David Justice, Marquis Grissom, Steve Avery

Key to season: Manager Bobby Cox, who doesn't get enough credit for the team's
success, just has to keep that old devil complacency from invading the
clubhouse.

Florida Marlins

Jim Leyland, one of the Marlins' many significant new employees, admitted
recently that the team's lopsided exhibition record was almost embarrassing. As
manager, Leyland also might have been thinking about how much of a burden that
record could become. Fans and front office alike want a winner this year and
have been sufficiently teased.

The Marlins spent $89 million on free agents this winter and another $6 million
to hire Leyland for five years. H. Wayne Huizenga, an entrepreneur long before
he was a baseball owner, has become accustomed to getting a big return for his
money.

Leyland himself is among the best. Moises Alou and Bobby Bonilla will add run
production to the Gary Sheffield-led offense. Alex Fernandez will fit in nicely
with Kevin Brown and Al Leiter, who had two of the league's three lowest 1996
earned run averages.

If there are any drawbacks, they could be unreasonably high expectations and
questionable defense at third with Bonilla and at first with Jeff Conine, who
moved there from left. But no one has any problems with the good half of the
infield, shortstop Edgar Renteria and second baseman Luis Castillo. The Marlins
should be good enough to reach the playoffs for the first time.

Key additions: Jim Leyland (manager), Moises Alou, Bobby Bonilla, Alex Fernandez

Key losses: Andre Dawson

Key to season: Leyland will not squander the best team he has had since his
Pittsburgh teams of the early 90's. The players just have to do what he tells
them.

Montreal Expos

In the past two years the Expos have lost or traded Ken Hill, Jeff Fassero, John
Wetteland, Mel Rojas, Larry Walker, Marquis Grissom, Wil Cordero and Moises
Alou. They could form a nucleus that any manager would like to contend with, but
Felipe Alou can manage only the young players who remain. He does it better than
most.

Despite the widespread defections, the Expos finished second last season and
will be out to do the same this season. But the Marlins' moves should make that
effort fruitless.

But the Expos have a possible rookie of the year, Vladimir Guerrero, in right
field; Henry Rodriguez in left after a breakthrough season (36 home runs, 103
r.b.i.); Carlos Perez, a good rookie pitcher in 1995, back on the mound after a
year off following shoulder surgery, and 23-year-old Ugueth Urbina in the closer
role after recovering from off-season elbow surgery.

Key addition: Jim Bullinger

Key losses: Jeff Fassero, Mel Rojas, Moises Alou, Mark Leiter

Key to season: The Expos will go as far as the manager can take them, doing
whatever it is he does to create contenders out of children.

Philadelphia Phillies

Between Joe Carter's World Series home run and their poor play the past three
years, the Phillies apparently want to forget their 1993 National League
pennant. They omitted that season from the list of year-by-year finishes in
their media guide.

Playing under a new manager, Terry Francona, they would like to make this season
one to remember, but they have little chance of achieving that.

It is no coincidence that the Phillies last had a winning record when Darren
Daulton and Lenny Dykstra last played full seasons. Daulton's knees are sound
enough to let him hit and maybe play some first base, but Dykstra continues to
recover from the back operation he had last July.

Wendell Magee Jr., who just misses qualifying for rookie status, will get a
chance in center, and Scott Rolen, a rookie who turns 22 on the fourth day of
the season, will play third.

Key additions: Terry Francona (manager), Danny Tartabull, Rico Brogna, Rex
Hudler, Mark Leiter, Mark Portugal

Key losses: Sid Fernandez, Jim Eisenreich

Key to season: Curt Schilling will have to set the tone for the pitchers and
Danny Tartabull for the hitters if the Phillies are to have anything worth
remembering at all.

N.L. CENTRAL

St. Louis Cardinals

Not that Tony La Russa had it easy in his first National League season, but
someone must have thought he should have a handicap after finishing first. He
opens the season with two starting pitchers, Andy Benes and Danny Jackson, on
the disabled list with rib injuries.

That's nothing new for Jackson, who is on the d.l. for the 11th time in his
career, but Benes is on the list for the first time. And he was the team's top
winner with 18 victories last season.

Center fielder Ray Lankford is also out, needing perhaps a few more weeks to
complete his recovery from rotator cuff surgery. His absence will create playing
time for Dmitri Young, a rookie, at first base while John Mabry moves to the
outfield. The pitching injuries open a temporary spot for Matt Morris, a rookie
right-hander, who missed playing with Mo Vaughn and John Valentin at Seton Hall
by a few years.

Key addition: Delino DeShields

Key loss: Ozzie Smith

Key to season: Dennis Eckersley, at 42, can't pick this year to stop going and
going and going as a sterling saver of games. Gary Gaetti, at 38, needs to keep
going at third, too. And Delino DeShields, only 28, has to make a comeback from
a miserable season in Los Angeles.

Cincinnati Reds

Marge Schott is out; Deion Sanders is in. The Reds probably come out ahead in
that exchange.

Schott is the irrepressible managing partner who has been excused from operating
the club for the next two seasons. Sanders is the football player who became
bored with having the summer off and returned to his second job. His contract
calls for him to remain with the Reds as long as they are in contention for a
playoff spot, and the Reds plan to have him around all season.

How good a catalyst he can be for their offense is something they eagerly wait
to find out, but they are definitely counting on him. They seem to lack that
type of confidence in Ruben Sierra, the enigmatic outfielder, who has lost his
punch.

The Reds look forward to a whole season of punch from their other Sanders,
Reggie, who was on the disabled list three different times last season and drove
in only 33 runs, one-third of his 1995 production.

Key additions: Deion Sanders, Ruben Sierra, Ricky Bones, Kent Mercker

Key losses: Eric Davis, Mark Portugal, Kevin Mitchell

Key to season: With Pete Schourek returning from elbow surgery and Mike Morgan
and Kent Mercker serving as reclamation projects, the Reds need their starting
pitchers to perform at a high level for them to keep Deion in town.

Chicago Cubs

It seems like old times on the north side of Chicago. Last year Ryne Sandberg
returned after a year and a half in retirement. This year Shawon Dunston is back
after a year in San Francisco. Will Ernie Banks, Billy Williams and Ron Santo be
next?

The Cubs sometimes seem like a confused organization. Letting Dunston leave as a
free agent when he didn't want to go, then bringing him back, is an example of
the uncertain way they seem to go about putting together a contending team.

Did someone say contender? Can the Cubs ever be considered a legitimate
contender? With players like Sammy Sosa, Mark Grace and Brian McRae, they would
seem to have a chance. But they also are relying on rookies at third base (Kevin
Orie) and left field (Brant Brown), not to mention the starting rotation (Dave
Swartzbaugh) while Kevin Tapani is on the disabled list.

Key additions: Shawon Dunston, Mel Rojas, Kevin Tapani, Terry Mulholland

Key losses: Jaime Navarro, Luis Gonzalez, Jim Bullinger

Key to season: Mel Rojas (36 saves in 40 chances) gives them a legitimate
closer, but of their two free-agent starters, Kevin Tapani is ailing and Terry
Mulholland is questionable.

Houston Astros

Many baseball broadcasters have thought they could manage better than the
managers they watch every day. Now Larry Dierker gets a chance to put that
belief into practice.

Not that Dierker, in his 18 years in the booth, thought he was superior to the
Astros' managers, but broadcasting colleagues everywhere will be rooting for him
to succeed in one of the most unusual managerial developments ever. This is the
first year Dierker has been in uniform since he stopped pitching in 1977.

He takes over a team that has some strengths, but too many question marks. Jeff
Bagwell and Craig Biggio are the most obvious strengths, but the Astros have Pat
Listach trying to relive his days as a good shortstop and Derek Bell trying to
play center field instead of his more comfortable spot in right. They moved Bell
to open a spot for Bob Abreu, a rookie.

Key additions: Larry Dierker (manager), Sid Fernandez, Pat Listach, Brad Ausmus,
Luis Gonzalez

Key losses: Doug Drabek, Brian Hunter, Orlando Miller, Todd Jones

Key to season: Even if the Listach and Bell changes work, Dierker needs strong
pitching performances from Mike Hampton, Darryl Kile and Sid Fernandez (yes,
he's still around).

Pittsburgh Pirates

The grand experiment begins. This is the group from which the Pirates plan to
build a team good enough to contend for the division championship, at some time
in the future that coincides with the opening of a new stadium nobody even knows
for sure will be built.

Gene Lamont gets to shepherd these players toward that ephemeral goal, taking
over from his good friend, Jim Leyland. Some friend.

Maybe Jose Guillen will serve as a good omen. This spring Guillen, 20, soared
dramatically above his 1996 Class A status and won the right field job. The
Pirates collectively have to match that performance to maintain fan interest in
the team long enough to get a new stadium built.

The best known name on the team is Kevin Elster, the veteran shortstop, who
opted for money over the contending status he would have enjoyed with the
Rangers.

Key additions: Gene Lamont (manager), Kevin Elster, Joe Randa

Key losses: Jim Leyland (manager), Carlos Garcia, Orlando Merced, Jeff King, Jay
Bell

Key to season: Expectations are so low a spirited effort could enable the
Pirates to surprise people.

N.L. WEST

Los Angeles Dodgers

They tried to shrug off the last-day loss, and thus the loss of the division
championship, last season by saying they made the playoffs anyway as the
wild-card team. Don't believe it. Every team wants to be champion of something,
and they don't award a wild-card championship.

In other words, the Dodgers will be all the more determined to finish first this
season. Bill Russell, who replaced Tommy Lasorda last June, especially wants to
win and establish himself a worthy successor to Lasorda and Walter Alston, the
only other managers the Dodgers have had since 1953.

Wilton Guerrero, the new second baseman, will try to be a worthy successor to
his five teammates who have been the N.L. rookies of the year the past five
seasons. Brett Butler, who was found last year to have throat cancer, will try
to keep playing at the level he has established and not open the door for a
successor.

Key addition: Todd Zeile

Key losses: Delino DeShields, Mike Blowers.

Key to season: With most teams, pitching is the key; with the Dodgers, it's the
hitting. They had the league's weakest offense last season and need to do
better.

Colorado Rockies

Instead of playing golf, Don Baylor would have done well to take courses in
psychiatry during the winter. He has to do something to cure the Rockies' split
personality. Last season they had the league's second-best home record, 55-26,
only a game behind Atlanta, and tied for the worst road record, 28-53.

Baylor has plans to hold first-day workouts in each alien city, and if that idea
works, the Rockies will give the Dodgers and the Padres a valiant fight.

Good health would also help. Larry Walker missed half the season with a
fence-induced broken clavicle. Dante Bichette played all season with a bad knee
that has been surgically repaired. Bill Swift, who was supposed to be the No. 1
pitcher, had shoulder problems for the second straight season and started only
three times.

Key additions: Jerry DiPoto, Kirt Manwaring

Key loss: Armando Reynoso

Key to season: Maybe it's unfair to ask the pitchers to do their share, given
that they pitch half of their games at Coors Field, but Swift and the surprising
Kevin Ritz (17-11) have to lead a staff surge for a pennant to fly over Coors.

San Diego Padres

If Ken Caminiti doesn't suffer a setback and maintains his 1996 m.v.p. level of
play, the Padres could win again. But as remarkable a recovery as the third
baseman appears to have made from shoulder surgery, some people close to him are
concerned that he might be moving too quickly and just hope he gets past the
first month or two without a problem.

The Padres shored themselves up with some in-season trades last year, and in the
off season they acquired a second baseman, Quilvio Veras, and a left-handed
starting pitcher, Sterling Hitchcock, to give the rotation more balance. They
tried to add a right-hander, but Hideki Irabu told them he preferred the
Yankees' legends over the southern California sun.

They also have tried to trade Rickey Henderson, who doesn't want to be a fifth
wheel or a fourth outfielder, but he remains theirs. As patient as he has been
all spring, an unhappy Henderson could become a clubhouse problem.

Key additions: Quilvio Veras, Sterling Hitchcock

Key losses: Scott Sanders, Bob Tewksbury, Jody Reed

Key to season: Just in case Caminiti isn't everything he was last year, the
Padres need much more from Greg Vaughn than the .206 average he gave them after
he was obtained from Milwaukee. They have a lot at stake in Vaughn because they
chose to make him the left fielder over Henderson.

San Francisco Giants

Since winning 103 games in 1993 but falling a game short of the division
championship, the Giants have deteriorated. Their winning percentage has plunged
from .636 to .478 to .465 to .420. It doesn't promise to get better this season.

In the most controversial trade of the off season, the Giants traded Matt
Williams, who with Barry Bonds was their biggest run producer. They got half an
infield in return -- Jeff Kent and Jose Vizcaino -- but they won't perform
offensively like Williams did. Bonds could walk even more than the league-record
151 times he did last season.

Although they have a brand-new infield, the Giants have basically the same old
pitching, which means that will be a problem, too.

Key additions: J. T. Snow, Jeff Kent, Jose Vizcaino, Mark Lewis, Darryl Hamilton

Key losses: Matt Williams, Shawon Dunston, Allen Watson, Robby Thompson

Key to season: The Giants have to cling firmly to the side of the boat and hope
help comes along before they go down for the fourth time.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Expos Manager Felipe Alou is counting on youthful players once
again. (Reuters); Ken Camaniti, last year's m.v.p. and a Gold Glove third
baseman, hopes to lead the Padres to a second straight playoff appearance.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              291 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              March 1, 2004 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Claws rip the heart out of Wolf 's theme

BYLINE: Anne Summers

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1165 words


The writer was trying to show how students still have little recourse over real
harassment.

Many years ago, when I was living in Canberra, a journalist colleague visited me
at home one Saturday afternoon. With her husband sitting beside her, holding her
hand, she tearfully recounted how her editor in Sydney was sexually harassing
her. She had come to me for advice because I had published a book about women
and was known as a feminist.

What could she do? What should she do? Do nothing, I counselled. It will hurt
you more than it will hurt him if you take any action. I cringed from the shock
and contempt I saw in both her and her husband's eyes. They had expected more of
me.

They had wanted me to back them in being brave enough to denounce a man who was
exploiting his position of authority to extract petty sexual favours from a
staff member. I failed them. I was reminded of this incident as I read the
torrent of abuse being hurled at Naomi Wolf in the media these past few days.

Wolf admits she had "not been brave enough" in 1983 to denounce a famous
professor at Yale University who was her teacher and who had put his hand on her
thigh while they were supposed to be discussing her poetry. She felt guilty
about her "collusive silence" in this matter because it meant this man, and
others like him, were free to perpetrate such behaviour with little fear of
there being any adverse consequences.

Finally, all these years later, Wolf reacted to Yale's constant entreaties to
her to fund raise or to otherwise lend her celebrity to the university's
promotion efforts by deciding to investigate whether it now had in place
adequate procedures to deal with allegations of sexual misconduct. The result is
a 6000-word article published last week in New York magazine in which she
reports on the university's abject failure still, 20 years later to protect its
students in such situations.

You would never know any of this from reading the press over the past few days.
We have been subjected to a string of articles, without exception lamentably
overworking "crying Wolf " into their headlines, that have so blatantly
distorted what Wolf has said that you cannot but conclude that she has been the
victim of malicious

misreporting.

The reporting has made two principal allegations. First that Wolf has accused
Professor Harold Bloom of sexually harassing her 20 years ago, and second, that
she has kept quiet about it until last week. There has been any amount of
indecent speculation about her motives for now revealing this incident, much of
it centring on her alleged need to be the focus of continual media attention.

The whole tawdry episode has breathed new life into the ailing career of another
former Bloom student, the toxic Camille Paglia, whose main claim to fame is her
history of denigrating and defaming other feminists. Paglia has managed to get
herself quoted all around the globe on the back of the Wolf story and, in many
articles, has even succeeded in stealing the story from Wolf.

But let's return to the allegations. Wolf does not accuse Bloom of harassment.
She talks about "encroachment" and "transgression" words, she says "are so much
more accurate, emotionally as well as legally, than `harassment' ". What she
says about the incident is this: "What Harold Bloom's hand on his student's
thigh set off was not a sexual crisis. I was sexually active and not even
especially modest. An unwanted hand on a thigh from a date was nothing. Nor was
it an emotional crisis. I wasn't that vulnerable. What it set off was a moral
crisis, shaking my confidence in the institution I was in."

She did not keep quiet about the incident for 20 years. Right away, she told her
parents who tried to get a colleague of Bloom's to speak to him about it, and
she told a number of women friends on campus, all of whom counselled her not to
complain officially. He is untouchable, they warned. You will suffer.

So Wolf did nothing. Instead she became demoralised, her grades suffered, she
felt unable to attend Bloom's class again (he gave her a B anyway) and she
worried how she would get the financial aid she needed to finish college and
attend graduate school if she became known as a troublemaker.

You would know none of this from reading the press. Worse, you would not know
that the main thrust of Wolf 's 6000-word article is to document the cases of a
number of named women who have since complained to the university of assault by
faculty members. One of them, in 1992, involved the rape of a graduate student
by a tenured professor.

In each case, Yale put institutional self-preservation ahead of its duty of care
to female students. The rape victim was thanked for not "making a crusade" out
of what happened. Instead, pressure was put on the professor to resign and the
woman was offered $30,000 which she declined.

Wolf tells her story in the context of making the case that "Yale's public face
is not what it seems". (You can read her compelling article at
www.newyorkmetro.com) If that is true of an esteemed liberal Ivy League
institution such as Yale University, what do we say about other institutions
such as rugby league clubs?

"I was not traumatised," she says, "but my educational experience was
corrupted." She argues that there is "something terribly wrong with the way the
current sexual-harassment discussion is framed those bringing complaints have
had to prove that they have been harmed emotionally. Their lawyers must bring
out any distress they may have suffered.

"Thus, it is the woman and her `frailties' under scrutiny, instead of the
institution and its frailties. This victim construct in the law is one reason
that women are often reluctant to go public."

I doubt that even the savvy Wolf could have anticipated the personal savagery
which her article has unleashed. Sadly, most of this misogyny has been from
other women, many of whom seem unwilling to grant Wolf the right even to speak
on the subject of sexual harassment. Their hostility, and their wilful
misreporting of what Wolf actually wrote is an unwelcome reminder of the
distance we have yet to travel before women's right to work or to study without
harassment is universally accepted.

"Powerful men and women who belittle and humiliate their subordinates manage not
to belittle or humiliate their supervisors," Wolf says. "Neither men nor women
tend to harass upward in a hierarchy."

In the end, it's all about power. Who has it and who does not. Overwhelmingly,
it is still men who have it but the willingness of women to disbelieve other
women indicates an alarming degree of collaboration in their own potential
victimhood.

All those years ago, my journalistic colleague left the industry rather than
continue to endure the humiliation. Her harasser, while no longer an editor,
remains a man of some influence. But no one will ever know now what he did. If
someone as celebrated and brave as Naomi Wolf can be pilloried for seeking
justice, what hope do the rest of us have?

www.annesummers.com.au

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing by Michael Mucci

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 20, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

The Stevenson Appeal

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A21; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 548 words



In his Nov. 15 op-ed piece ["Madly for Bradley"], Michael Waldman purports to
belittle Bill Bradley by comparing him with Adlai Stevenson II. Without taking
or implying any position regarding current presidential candidates, we want to
straighten out at least a little of Waldman's comments about Stevenson.

Waldman's opening statement is that Stevenson, being "rejected by the electorate
again and again," became the "hero for a generation of doomed idealists."
Waldman handles facts with artful selectivity. Stevenson's election losses were
to an opponent, Dwight Eisenhower, who could not conceivably have been defeated.
In a preceding gubernatorial election in Illinois, Stevenson won by the largest
margin, about half a million votes, in that state's history.

Waldman reports next that Stevenson "appealed by seeming unusually authentic."
If a pun may be invoked to lighten what is ludicrous, Waldman's sole support for
this broadside is his reference to a photographer's getting a picture of the
1952 Democratic candidate sitting on a public platform with a hole in his shoe.

The revisionist commentator then reports that Stevenson "made a great effort to
build the myth that he wrote his eloquent speeches without outside help." Having
watched the governor write many of those speeches, we never once heard him claim
that he had no help on what were sometimes 10 to 15 speeches a day.

What we do remember is standing in the outer office as he labored over the
speeches while key supporters, campaign contributors and an impatient press
waited outside the door.

Regarding the unsupported pronouncement that "some of the Stevenson allure was
simple snob appeal," we question Waldman's qualifications for this kind of
judgment.

Waldman reports that Robert Kennedy, after traveling with Stevenson during the
1956 campaign, voted for Eisenhower. We were on that same campaign trail. Bobby
Kennedy (also a valued friend of ours) disliked Adlai Stevenson for one reason:
Kennedy had at the opening stage in his political life supported Joseph
McCarthy, and Adlai Stevenson was one of the few political candidates who had
the courage to criticize the Wisconsin senator openly and severely.

Waldman's ultimate hit and run is that "Stevenson's legacy is not so much a set
of policies as a pose." The full response to this was in The Post's editorial of
July 15, 1965, the day after Ambassador (to the United Nations) Stevenson's
death:

"Adlai Stevenson . . . was a man of great warmth and spirit and largeness of
heart in an era marked by cold calculation and selfishness . . . he was a man of
humility in a season when those with more occasion to have it possessed none of
it. . . . [H]e was idolized by millions of Americans, respected by more and
looked upon abroad as an embodiment of the best democratic impulses and values
of American life."

It is sad to see your op-ed page misused 34 years later for what appears to be
emerging as the Waldman kind of political irresponsibility and meanness.

--Willard Wirtz and William McC. Blair Jr.


Willard Wirtz, a former U.S. secretary of labor, and William McC. Blair Jr, a
former ambassador to Denmark and the Philippines, were law partners and
political associates of Adlai Stevenson II.



LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              293 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 April 26, 1995 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

GIANTS: 'A LOT OF MAYBES' BAKER POINTS TO 1993 FOR ANSWER TO CRITICS' DOUBTS

BYLINE: MARK GONZALES, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: Atlanta


After enduring 12 months of disappointment and criticism, the Giants point to
1993 in response to those who belittle their chances for a National League West
title this season.

"There are a lot of maybes we didn't know, but things worked out right," Manager
Dusty Baker said. "You have a whole new personnel, especially pitchers. I see
where some of the experts picked us last, but they picked us last or next to
last in '93, too."

To support his argument, Baker cited Atlanta, the Giants' opponent today in
their season opener at Fulton County Stadium.

"They were picked to come in first last year, and they came in second. Nobody
picked Montreal, and they had the best record in the league."

With the Braves now in the N.L. East, the Giants probably won't have the problem
they faced in 1993, when they won 103 games but finished second to the Braves,
who overcame a 10-game deficit in late July to win the N.L. West.

But they certainly expect to improve on their 55-60 record of last season, when
they were three games behind the N.L. West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers when the
strike hit Aug. 12.

The Giants must compensate for major hits on their pitching staff -- former
20-game winners John Burkett and Bill Swift are gone. And they must find
offensive resources other than Barry Bonds and Matt Williams.

"I don't think we've found out who we are yet," reliever Rod Beck said. "There
are a lot of young guys. Now it's time for them to play the way everyone's been
waiting for."

That list includes Dave Burba, who will inherit the departed Mike Jackson's
role; shortstop Royce Clayton, who hit .282 in 1993 but .236 in 1994; and rookie
J.R. Phillips, who finally gets his chance to start at first base after hitting
54 homers in two seasons at Triple-A Phoenix.

The Giants believe they have many of the pieces that fit together so well in
1993:

* New staff ace Terry Mulholland is capable of carrying the workload once
shouldered by Burkett, who pitched 231 2/3 innings in 1993.

* Either Mark Portugal or William VanLandingham could emerge as a surprise big
winner, as Swift did when he won 21 in 1993. "Their best pitcher was Swift, and
now we got him," Colorado slugger Dante Bichette said. "Somebody has to step up
for them."

* The Giants' offense is capable of reverting to its 1993 form, when it jumped
on opponents early and led the league with a .276 batting average, as opposed to
last season's league-low .249.

"Get up on them, or have a big inning somewhere in the middle," Baker said. "I
say jump them early."

They will need stability in the batting order, especially in the fifth and sixth
spots, where newcomer Glenallen Hill and Phillips will bat.

With 18 games shaved off the regular-season schedule because of the strike, each
game becomes more important.

"Eighteen games don't seem like much," Williams said. "But it's imperative we
jump to a good start and get a lead early."

There will be early tests. In addition to playing the Braves, the favorites to
win the N.L. East, the Giants play 10 consecutive games against division rivals
Los Angeles, San Diego and Colorado starting Monday.

"This could set the stage to whether you might be ahead or behind," Baker said.

The Giants played catch-up for most of last season after a 35-50 start. Despite
their rally, they fell short of the Dodgers.

And it has been perceived as all downhill for them since. The pitching staff has
been decimated and then overhauled, and the new pieces must fall into place.

Of course, that's the position the Giants were in before the '93 season.

"It doesn't hurt to look to the past," Beck said. "It's more fun being the
underdog."

Williams added: "That's fine if they pick us last. It gives you incentive."

GIANTS VS. BRAVES

Projected batting orders (1 p.m., TBS in some areas, SportsChannel) Giants

(box)CF Lewis

(box)2B Thompson

(box)LF Bonds

(box)3B Williams

(box)RF Hill

(box)1B Phillips

(box)SS Clayton

(box)C Manwaring

(box)P Mulholland

Braves

(box)CF Grissom

(box)SS Blauser

(box)3B Jones

(box)1B McGriff

(box)RF Justice

(box)C Lopez

(box)LF Kelly

(box)2B Lemke

(box)P Maddux

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BASEBALL
Additional information attached to the end of this article

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: Mulholland
950426 SP 1E 2; color
PHOTO: Maddux
950426 SP 1E 3; color

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 3, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Metro Digest

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 739 words



NEW YORK CITY

Judge Belittles 'Project'
A Federal judge who came under fire for tossing out evidence in a Washington
Heights drug case said that there was little chance he would reverse his ruling,
and he called an attempt by prosecutors to get him to change his mind a
"juvenile project." [25.]

Restoring a Portal's Splendor
The keepers of Grand Central Terminal are betting that what was good enough for
the Sistine Chapel will be good enough for the station. Like the Michelangelo
fresco in the Vatican, the vaulted sky ceiling over the main concourse in Grand
Central is about to get a soap-and-water scrubbing as a two-year restoration
project begins. [25.]

Still Teaching Self-Reliance
At the historic Academy of Mount Saint Ursula in the Bronx, a young woman's
place is anywhere she wants to be. About New York by David Gonzalez. [25.]

Using 'Fillers' in Lineups
With a teen-ager saying he was forced to take part in a police lineup as a
"filler," the police are facing increased scrutiny for what some say is a common
practice. [27.]

A Secretive Trade Show
As a Hong Kong businessman fought for his life after being shot and robbed of
nearly $1 million in diamonds outside a midtown hotel, his fellow jewelers
anxiously hustled their expensive wares into a trade show so exclusive it is
almost a secret. [Page 27.]

Schools Sharing Space
The Queens Gateway to the Health Sciences Secondary School has occupied a floor
in another Queens school for 17 months. The arrangement was supposed to be
temporary, but has become increasingly prevalent: 192 of the city's 1,100
schools share common space. And city and state officials are approaching the
problem with a new urgency. [26.]

A Question of Strategy
Many labor leaders in the city and elsewhere are questioning a union chief's
tactics in the 30-day strike by building maintenance workers. Some are wondering
why he has not given his troops all the weapons in labor's arsenal, including
many potent new ones intended to arouse public support for the strikers. News
Analysis. [26.]

Agencies Fault City on Care
Officials of nonprofit foster-care agencies have backed the contention of
Federal prosecutors that New York City officials had for years deprived many
foster children of required services. [28.]

Shelter Must Stay Open
A State Supreme Court judge ordered the city to open a homeless shelter in
Flushing, Queens, around the clock for the next three weeks. The judge said the
shelter, now open from only early evening to early morning, violated a 1982
consent decree that requires the city to provide shelter residents with lockers,
meals and mail services. [28.]

Chinatown Figure Sentenced
One of Chinatown's most prominent figures was sentenced to 10 years in prison
for murder-conspiracy and racketeering by a judge who said that a "superficial
veneer of respectability" had disguised his second career as a gangster. [28.]

REGION

Bracing for More Snow
Forecasters were predicting 6 to 12 inches of snow by noon today as another
major storm hit the East Coast. The deepest falls were expected on eastern Long
Island and in coastal areas of New Jersey and Connecticut. [14.]

Power Struggle in a Pageant
Helen Goldsby has become embroiled in a rift with officials of the Miss New York
pageant that has developed into a case study in what can happen when pageant
tradition and modern ambition collide. [25.]

Disparity Among Bus Drivers
Fatal school bus accidents involving children at private schools have
highlighted a dangerous peculiarity in New York State law: drivers for schools
that accept no state aid are not required to take the state's training and
refresher courses that are mandatory for public-school bus drivers. [29.]

Support for Abortion Clinic
More than 50 groups have filed legal briefs in support of a Long Island abortion
clinic that is appealing a ruling that upheld a landlord's eviction of the
clinic because it was the target of anti-abortion violence. [29.]

Blizzard Baffles Economy
The unemployment rate rose and the number of payroll jobs dropped sharply in
January, with a strike of building maintenance workers in New York City
accounting for part of the loss. But analysts said the blizzard that crippled
the Northeast last month made the economy appear in worse shape than it really
was. Business Day. [35.]

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Summary

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              295 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 28, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Piling On the New York Times With a Scoop;
Story on Secret Program Further Rouses Critics

BYLINE: Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; C01

LENGTH: 1461 words


President  Bush calls the conduct of the New York Times "disgraceful." Vice
President Cheney objects to the paper having won a Pulitzer Prize. A Republican
congressman wants the Times prosecuted. National Review says its press
credentials should be yanked. Radio commentator Tammy Bruce likens the paper to
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.

Even by modern standards of media-bashing, the volume of vitriol being heaped
upon the editors on Manhattan's West 43rd Street is remarkable  --  especially
considering that the Los Angeles Times and Wall Street Journal also published
accounts Friday of a secret administration program to monitor the financial
transactions of terror suspects. So, in its later editions, did The Washington
Post.

Times Executive Editor Bill Keller said in an interview yesterday that critics
"are still angry at us" for disclosing the government's domestic eavesdropping
program in December, "and I guess in their view, this adds insult to injury. . .
. The Bush administration's reaction roused their base, but also roused the
anti-Bush base as well," he said, noting an approximately even split in his
e-mail.

Still, Keller added, "a lot of people have legitimate and genuine feelings about
this, and I don't mean to belittle that."

For Republicans, the Times, with its national prominence and liberal editorial
page opposed to the war in Iraq, is proving an increasingly irresistible target.
They contend that exposing the classified banking program has badly undermined
the administration's efforts to investigate and capture terrorists.

Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, chairman of the Intelligence Committee, yesterday
asked John Negroponte, the national intelligence director, for a damage
assessment following the Times story. Three other GOP senators joined Roberts at
a news conference, with John Ensign of Nevada saying the paper "should have
worked in cooperation with those authorities in our government to make sure that
those who leaked were prosecuted." Arizona Rep. J.D. Hayworth circulated a
letter to House Speaker Dennis Hastert calling for the paper's congressional
credentials to be withdrawn. And New York Rep. Peter King continues to call for
the Times  --  which, he told Fox News, has an "arrogant, elitist, left-wing
agenda"  --  to be prosecuted for violating the 1917 Espionage Act.

Most Democratic lawmakers, meanwhile, lay low. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid
sidestepped a question yesterday about whether the Times should be prosecuted.
Similarly, while the conservative blogosphere was on fire over the Times, many
liberal Web sites ignored the controversy.

Keller said he spent more than an hour in late May listening to Treasury
Secretary John Snow argue against publication of the story. He said that he also
got a call from Negroponte, the national intelligence czar, and that three
former officials also made the case to Times editors: Tom Kean and Lee Hamilton,
chairmen of the 9/11 commission, and Democratic Rep. John Murtha of Pennsylvania
--  an outspoken critic of the war in Iraq.

"The main argument they made to me, extensively and at length, besides that the
program is valuable and legitimate, was that there are a lot of banks that are
very sensitive to public opinion, and if this sees the light of day, they may
stop cooperating," Keller said.

He acknowledged, as did the Times article, that there was no clear evidence that
the banking program was illegal. But, he said, "there were officials who talked
to us who were uncomfortable with the legality of this program, and others who
were uncomfortable with the sense that what started as a temporary program had
acquired a kind of permanence.

"I always start with the premise that the question is, why should we not
publish? Publishing information is our job. What you really need is a reason to
withhold information."

Such clashes between the government and the press are hardly new. President
Kennedy pressed the Times successfully to withhold most details of the impending
Bay of Pigs invasion. President Nixon created a "plumbers" unit to stop leaks.
The Reagan administration threatened to prosecute news organizations for
publishing national security information.

But rarely if ever has any White House mounted such a sustained public campaign
against a single news organization. And a vast array of pundits on the right
have responded by escalating their rhetoric.

Heather MacDonald, writing in the Weekly Standard, called the Times "a national
security threat" that is "drunk" on its own power.

William Bennett, the former Reagan administration official and conservative
radio host, said the "cumulative impact" of both Times stories, and The Post's
disclosure of secret CIA prisons overseas, had brought the situation to a
"critical mass." Conservatives, he said, now wonder: "Gosh, is there a secret
operation we're running that won't be disclosed by the press?"

Bennett favors prosecuting journalists in national security cases, but believes
that bringing espionage charges is not the best approach. He favors a leak
investigation.

"If you go to these reporters and ask who their sources were, then they're in a
Judy Miller situation," Bennett said, referring to the former Times reporter who
spent 85 days behind bars for refusing to testify in the Valerie Plame leak
investigation. "If they don't tell you, they go to jail. Some of us have been
saying for a long time that the press is not above the law. Sooner or later you
have to prove that."

Stephen Spruiell, who writes about the media for National Review Online, said
there was a good reason for the comparatively muted reaction to the telephone
eavesdropping story. "The divisive nature of that program tempered some of the
criticism," he said. "Because the [banking] program is so defensible, you're
seeing a much more vocal response."

Lucy Dalglish, executive director of the Reporters' Committee for Freedom of the
Press, questioned how groundbreaking the Times banking report was. "Wouldn't you
think any reasonably smart terrorist is going to know that his financial
transactions are being tracked?" she asked.

For many people, Dalglish said, publishing secret information about a program
that appears to be legal is "a risk they're not willing to take." But the "ugly"
nature of the debate, she said, is exasperating: "I don't know how much more
hate mail and vicious phone calls I can take."

Doyle McManus, Washington bureau chief of the Los Angeles Times, said his paper
had the story nailed down last Wednesday but did not reach a final decision on
running it "because, among other things, we hadn't sat down yet with people at
Treasury to give them a full chance to tell us why we should or shouldn't do
it." At the same time, he said, "we were leaning toward publishing."

At about 7 p.m. Thursday, McManus was meeting with Treasury Undersecretary
Stuart Levey when another department staffer handed Levey a BlackBerry and he
announced: "Well, the New York Times has posted its story" on its Web site.

While a Treasury official did tell him that it would be nice if the Los Angeles
paper decided not to run the story as a "symbolic gesture," the discussion was
rendered moot, McManus said. Levey then went on the record to defend the
program, as he did with other newspapers, including The Post, which began
playing catch-up that evening.

Dean Baquet, editor of the Los Angeles paper, noted in a letter published
yesterday that "many readers have been sharply critical of our decision." He
said he weighed the administration's arguments "against the fact that there is
an intense and ongoing public debate about whether surveillance programs like
these pose a serious threat to civil liberties."

The Wall Street Journal had been working on the banking story for a long period
of time but did not reach the point of having enough information to publish
until Thursday afternoon, according to a staffer who declined to be identified
because the newspaper is making no public comment. The Journal does not know why
Treasury officials made no appeal against publication in that paper, but editors
assume that by then the officials were resigned to the fact that the details
were coming out, the staffer said.

Despite the stories that appeared in competing papers, the New York Times is
still bearing the brunt of the criticism at the White House, on Capitol Hill and
throughout the media world.

Terence Smith, a former Timesman who until recently was PBS's media
correspondent, said the paper is a "lightning rod when its critics are playing
politics, and that's what's happening here. An institution like the Times is a
God-given target, because it's seen by the conservative base as a liberal
newspaper critical of the Bush administration."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              296 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           September 13, 2004 Monday

Success strikes a `Brooklyn Boy';
Donald Margulies' well-crafted new play explores the themes that have attracted
him throughout his career.

BYLINE: By PAUL HODGINS , The Orange County Register

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 976 words


Success isn't all it's cracked up to be. In fact, when you're from Brooklyn,
it's a living hell.

That's how it seems, at least, to Eric Weiss, the middle-aged sad sack whose
transformation from obscure literary novelist to best-selling populist lion
forms the impetus for several crises in Donald Margulies' superbly crafted new
play, ``Brooklyn Boy.'' (Its world premiere at South Coast Repertory is a
co-production with Manhattan Theatre Club; this staging will open at MTC's
Biltmore Theatre on Broadway in February.) The title refers to the Eric Weiss
novel of the same name, a story set in his old Sheepshead Bay neighborhood. The
inspiration for its characters and events is the subject of considerable debate.

The book's meteoric success has brought unexpected pain to Eric's life.

His dying father, Manny, belittles his son's achievement. ``Three hundred and
eighty-four pages,'' the old man grumps from his hospital bed. ``What have you
got to say that takes 384 pages?''

Eric's childhood friend, Ira Zimmer, assumes that a character in Eric's book is
modeled after himself, and crassly tries to reignite a long-dead relationship
with Eric that meant different things to each man. ``People outgrow each
other,'' Eric finally says to his embittered former pal, who's now running his
late father's deli and bringing up a family in his parents' old house. ``I
didn't outgrow you,'' Ira shoots back.

Eric's wife, Nina, is a languishing writer who feels completely overshadowed by
his sudden fame; she wants out of the marriage, ASAP. ``As long as we were
struggling, we were this finely tuned machine,'' Nina says. Infertile and
professionally unsuccessful, she can't bear Eric's change of fortune.

And Hollywood, naturally, shows Eric no respect. A smarmy film producer wants to
make his story ``less Jewish'' for the screen and bring in a callow young
hotshot actor to play the central character. Even Eric's dalliance with a
groupie -- a surprisingly brainy bimbo named Alison whom he picks up after a
reading at a West L.A. bookstore -- turns sour.

Clearly, everybody dislikes Eric, or at least what he has unexpectedly
accomplished. Perhaps that's because Eric dislikes and denies a part of himself.
After years of excising his Jewish Brooklynite roots from his work, he has
finally found success by embracing them; yet in real life he refuses to
reconnect with the place and people that formed him. He has forsaken his
religion, severed his childhood friendships, moved far away, visited his father
only occasionally. Worst of all, he can't admit what everyone else sees clearly:
The novel is undeniably autobiographical.

Accepting Eric's faults and warming to him are perhaps the biggest challenges of
this poignant and wonderfully structured play. He's essentially a reactive
person, and his struggle to find himself takes place quietly; his epiphany
happens incrementally as others peck away at him. Fortunately, Adam Arkin, with
his hangdog face and haunted eyes, is the kind of actor who can imply volumes
without saying a word. It's a smart, restrained performance. Arkin even
communicates awkwardness and conflict in Eric's posture -- a dispirited slump,
his arms held slightly away from his sides, as though he's never quite
comfortable in his new, successful-author skin.

As good as Arkin is, the play very nearly belongs to Arye Gross in his two
memorable scenes. Ira could easily be played as a kvetching cliché, but Gross
brings something tragic and profoundly human to the role. Despite his annoying
qualities you find yourself rooting for Ira -- especially at the end, when he
tries heroically to reach out to his lost and grieving friend.

Others shine in smaller parts. As Eric's dad, Manny, Allan Miller makes it clear
from the get-go that the father-son relationship is tainted by a paternal
jealousy that the stubborn old man will carry to his grave. Dana Reeve, who
plays Eric's wife, Nina, manages to sketch the outlines of a passionate yet
dysfunctional relationship in a brief but intense scene. Playing Alison, the
groupie, and Melanie, the unctuous Tinseltown powerbroker, Ari Graynor and Mimi
Lieber bring less nuanced roles to memorable life.

Director Daniel Sullivan, a longtime Margulies collaborator, capitalizes on one
of the playwright's greatest strengths: his ability to subsume his voice to his
characters'. Each relationship plays out naturally; there's no sense of
directorial imperatives pushing scenes' emotional arrows this way or that for
heightened effect.

Scenic designer Ralph Funicello came up with a striking idea, an upstage
brownstone apartment which splits in the middle to spit out various sets. It
serves as an effective anchor for the wide-ranging story, reminding us that the
spirit of Brooklyn presides over everything.

Those who know Margulies' plays will find his familiar themes here: the
inevitable transformations wrought by aging, the complex bonds linking parents
and children, the uneasy dance between commercial and artistic success. But like
his creation, Eric Weiss, Margulies seems to be placing them in a more elemental
context than his earlier work did -- the place where both the playwright and the
play's main character grew up. How tightly are art and reality intertwined in
``Brooklyn Boy''? I don't know, and it doesn't matter. The story unfolds with an
uncanny resonance that distinguishes all great theater, reminding us that
nobody's journey through life can be made without some bad decisions, wrong
directions or regrets.

(714) 796-7979 or phodgins@ocregister.com

Where: Segerstrom Stage, South Coast Repertory, 655 Town Center Drive, Costa
Mesa

Continues: Though Oct. 10. 8 p.m. Tuesdays-Fridays, 2:30 and 8 p.m. Saturdays,
2:30 and 7:30 p.m. Sundays

How much: $27-$56

Availability: Good

Length: 2 hours, 20 minutes

Suitability: Teens and adults

Call: (714) 708-5555`Brooklyn Boy'

`BOY'`BOY'

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Confrontation: Eric's visit with his dying father, Manny (Allan
Miller), explores parent-child jealousy. Attraction: Problem-plagued author Eric
Weiss (Adam Arkin) picks up groupie Alison (Ari Graynor) in ``Brooklyn Boy.''
Estrangement: Like much else in his life, Eric's relationship with his wife,
Nina (Dana Reeve), doesn't go well.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              297 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 4STAR Edition

Friendly coaches ready to battle

BYLINE: By BOB COONEY; cooneyb@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; DN Sports; Pg. 86

LENGTH: 995 words


SAN JOSE - When he starts to recall, and inevitably get into great detail about,
some of the many stories concerning Ben Howland, a huge smile covers the
good-looking face of Pittsburgh coach Jamie Dixon.

If you ever saw his late sister Maggie, the smiles are identical.

When the questions started yesterday about how Dixon's coaching career got
started because of Howland, Dixon got that "here-we-go-again" look on his face,
before talking about the man he will be coaching against tonight when his
third-seeded Panthers (29-7) face No. 2 UCLA (28-5) in a West Regional semifinal
at HP Pavilion.

Not that Dixon gets tired of talking about Howland. It's just that these two
mean so much more to each other and have so much more in common than only
basketball. It's almost as if tying the two together just because of the game
would belittle their relationship.

"We talk almost every day, and we've talked a few times this week," said Dixon,
who has posted a 105-29 record in 4 years since taking over for his friend at
Pitt. "But we didn't talk so much about the game, just about family and
different things like that. We talked about basketball, but different things in
the basketball world, not so much our game."

They have so much more to talk about. So much more that interests them that
fixating on tonight's game, which is their first meeting against each other,
just doesn't seem right.

Jamie and Maggie Dixon were in Indianapolis last year, not only to cheer on
Howland's Bruins in their march to the national championship game (a loss to
Florida), but also to celebrate Maggie's improbable run - as head coach of Army
- to the Patriot League Tournament championship and automatic NCAA bid.

Less than 2 weeks later, Howland was there for his friend, for his former
longtime assistant. Only unlike Indianapolis, this wasn't a celebration. Howland
was there to carry the casket of Maggie - a pallbearer after she died at the age
of 28 because of an unknown heart problem.

Just like Dixon was there for support when Howland lost his father, Bob, not
long after taking over the UCLA post.

Theirs is a relationship started by basketball, but not bound by it. Their
wives, Kim Howland and Jacqueline Dixon, are friends. Their families are very
close. Howland's daughter, Meredith, a nursing student at Pittsburgh, is the
baby sitter for the Dixons.

It all started a little more than 20 years ago, when Howland was an assistant at
Cal-Santa Barbara and went to see Dixon play for Notre Dame High in Sherman
Oaks, Calif. Dixon had been writing letters to the C-SB staff, wanting to play
basketball for them.

"It was more a case of me recruiting them than them recruiting me," Dixon said
yesterday. "I was accepted there as a student, but I wanted to play basketball
there. I was a late-bloomer, and wasn't heavily recruited my junior year. I had
a good senior season and started to get recruited. I wound up going to Texas
Christian.

"My mom had the letter, from Ben, saying that Cal-Santa Barbara had used all its
scholarships and couldn't offer me one. We've since lost the letter, though."

And so it began.

After Dixon put some time in as an assistant in various places, Howland
suggested him for a position at Cal-Santa Barbara. Dixon arrived in 1991 and
stayed for a season with Howland and head coach Jerry Pimm before moving to
Hawaii, also as an assistant. When Howland got the head coaching job at Northern
Arizona in 1994, he sent for Dixon, who gladly joined. The two stayed there
together for five successful seasons, before Howland got the head job at
Pittsburgh. This time, Dixon didn't follow. Not right away. He went back to the
University of Hawaii to assist there.

It was then Howland pulled off his greatest recruiting coup.

At the time, Dixon was engaged to Jacqueline, who had been with him in Hawaii
for 10 months. Howland wanted his former assistant and good friend back.

"He and Jackie were engaged, and she's from Hawaii," Howland recalled with a
smile. "But I told our athletic director that in order to get the job done, I
needed to have Jamie with me. I knew how hard a worker and how dedicated he was
to this profession. Jackie fell in love with Pittsburgh, and we were lucky to
get Jamie back."

After two seasons, Pitt had won 29 and 28 games and made consecutive appearances
in the Sweet 16.

That's when the call from the most storied program in basketball history, UCLA,
came calling, looking for Howland to get the program back into the upper echelon
of college hoops.

Both Dixon and Howland knew it was time for Dixon to take over the program. But
some of the Pitt higher-ups were looking for a bigger name.

Howland took the UCLA job, with the stipulation that if Pitt didn't hire Dixon
as its head coach, he would come to UCLA as an associate head coach.

Pitt did the right thing and hired Dixon, who has taken each of his four teams
to the NCAA Tournament.

And tonight he'll look down the court and see a familiar face pacing the other
sideline. He'll even see some similar things on the court. But both of these
guys have no trouble separating this game as any other.

"Sure, we both run a lot of the same things, have similar sets," said Howland.
"But a lot's changed since I was there 5 years ago. Jamie runs a lot of
quick-hitting stuff and he plays some zone. We never play zone.

"Also, you have to remember, we know all of our opponents' offenses, because of
all the film work we do. This is no different, just because of mine and Jamie's
past."

Both teams get after it on defense. Pitt will look to pound the ball inside,
where UCLA will try to get out and run as much as possible.

Howland and Dixon both said that the team that makes the fewest mistakes will
come out on top. And both downplayed their first meeting.

"Our relationship is more about a friendship than basketball," Dixon said. "Our
wives talk all the time, our families are friendly, and Ben and I have both been
there for each other through some rough times.

"That's what's important." *

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday

Film Clips

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 16W

LENGTH: 335 words


The following minireviews are written by Times critics for movies showing this
weekend at theaters in the Tampa Bay area. Consult Movie Times on page 8W for
theaters and showtimes.

+ NEW THIS WEEK+

Batman Begins   B

(PG-13) (140 min.) Christopher Nolan's take on the comic book myth is moodier
than usual, with Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) channeling his ruptured psyche
into a crime-fighting legend. Michael Caine, Morgan Freenman, Gary Oldman and
Katie Holmes co-star. Action violence, disturbing images. - Britton Cinema 8,
Channelside 9, Channelside IMAX, Citrus Park 20, Muvico Centro Ybor 20, Muvico
Centro Ybor Premier, Muvico Starlight 20, Sunrise Cinemas, University 16,
Veterans Expressway 24, Westshore 14, Regency 20, Largo Mall 8, Tri-City 8,
Woodlands Square 20, Muvico Palm Harbor 10, Seminole 8, Baywalk 20, Tyrone 6,
Port Richey Hollywood 18, Cinema 6, Zota Beacon 10, Citrus Cinemas, Crystal
River Mall 9, Ocala Hollywood 16, Oakmont 8, Royal Palm 20

Look at Me   B+

(PG-13) (110 min.) A famous author (Jean-Pierre Bacri) belittles his overweight,
underachieving daughter (Marilou Berry) and his trophy wife (Virginie
Desarnauts). Shown with English subtitles. Mature themes, profanity. - Tampa
Theatre

Mad Hot Ballroom   A

(PG) (105 min.) New York City public school students learn ballroom dancing to
enter a citywide competition. A joyful, inspiring documentary. One of the best
films of 2005. Brief mature themes. - Sunrise Cinemas, Burns Court

The Perfect Man

(PG) (95 min.) A teenager (Hilary Duff) creates an imaginary admirer for her
single mother (Heather Locklear), then finds a man (Chris Noth) to put a face on
the ruse. Mildly suggestive content. - Channelside 9, Citrus Park 20, Muvico
Centro Ybor 20, Muvico Starlight 20, University 16, Veterans Expressway 24,
Westshore 14, Regency 20, Woodlands Square 20, Muvico Palm Harbor 10, Baywalk
20, Port Richey Hollywood 18, Cinema 6, Crystal River Mall 9, Ocala Hollywood
16, Royal Palm 20

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FILM CLIPS

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              299 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 20, 2004 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Arnold's failed political parody

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 441 words


Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't just a governor. He plays one on TV. Sometimes his
Hollywood persona just takes over, as if it was inhabiting his body.

How else to explain the sexist, homophobic approach he took to describe
Democratic California legislators who refuse to pass his budget plan? If Gov.
Schwarzenegger thinks his legislative majority is gutless, he should have just
said so rather than call them "girlie men," a phrase that implies that The
Governator believes women can't be courageous or strong or fiscally correct.

Schwarzenegger was referencing a moldy "Saturday Night Live" skit, in which two
weightlifting Schwarzenegger spoofs used the term to belittle anyone who didn't
measure up to their ideal bodybuilder's image. But what may have gotten laughs
in crude late-night TV humor is today utterly unbecoming the maximum leader of
the country's most populous state.

Did Schwarznegger really intend to imply that mere girls don't have guts and
courage? What about Moira Smith, the New York police officer who died doing her
duty in the Sept. 11 attacks? Or Jessica Lynch and Shoshana Johnson, American
soldiers who were taken prisoner in Iraq?

Or did Schwazenegger mean to diss the physical prowess of California constituent
Serena Williams, whose tennis serve has been clocked at 127 mph?

Perhaps Schwazenegger would like to stand face to face with U.S. Sen. Diane
Feinstein and insult her with the term - then endure what surely would be a
blistering if civilly delivered counterattack.

A quarter of the 40-member California state Senate and more than a third of the
77-person Assembly are women. California's legislature also has an active
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Caucus. With two words Schwarzenegger
needlessly affronted them all, never mind the men who were also targets of his
barb.

The governor has been a unifying figure since his election, but the smart-alec
stuff isn't going to help.

Like California, Colorado faces an ongoing fiscal crisis - one that our
legislature also has failed to resolve. The specific problem facing our elected
leaders is how to untangle the knot in Colorado's constitution created by
Amendment 23, which affects public schools, and the Taxpayer's Bill of Rights,
which eviscerates state government. Last week, Colorado's legislative leaders
failed to even agree to keep talking.

There aren't many areas where Speaker of House Lola Spradley, a rural Republican
from Beulah, and Senate Minority Leader Joan Fitz-Gerald, a suburban Democrat
from Jefferson County, can agree. But imagine how they would bristle if Gov.
Owens was to go the ``girlie men'' route as a measure of his frustration.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 27, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Let Giants Loose

SECTION: Section 8; Page 9; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 135 words


To the Sports Editor:

The Giants have a tremendous amount of power and talent. Their conservatism
belittles some of the greatest players ever. They are a power team and I wish
someone (like the coach) would tell them to play like the Super Bowl champions
they are: aggressively.

I am not privy to the thrills and boos of the New York area fans since I moved
to Virginia (smack in the middle of Redskin territory) two years ago. While last
year Skins fans tiptoed around me quietly, this year they are on the rise. I
still believe that the Giants are the only team that could knock the Skins out
of the undefeated ranks when they play them. So get the defense on track, let
Hostetler fly and bring on the champs: These Redskin fans sure do get under your
skin.

PATRICIA A. ALOHODA
Ivy, Va.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              301 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 21, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK;
THE MAYOR'S BOOK

BYLINE: By Sydney H. Schanberg

SECTION: Section 1; Page 21, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 811 words


This is the age of gossip, so Mayor Koch's book about himself and how he
insulted and conquered a lot of people in his public career is, for the moment,
a sensation.

But when the slanging match dies down, the real question will be whether his
memoir, by its divisive effect, will diminish his ability to govern. It's quite
possible many voters will love the book, or what they read in the papers about
it; for it depicts him as a courageous knight doing battle against all the bad
guys and telling them all off.

The trouble is, the bad guys, as the Mayor defines them, include so many of the
groups and institutions and people who make up the governing fabric of this city
that his alienation of them will almost inevitably make the job of running the
city harder, no matter how big a vote he gets in his re-election effort next
year.

Short of attempting psychohistory, one cannot tell why the Mayor chose to make
fun of, criticize, belittle or seek to humiliate so many people and groups in a
public document. He does it not only to his opponents and critics, but to some
of his friends and supporters and loyal workers as well - for what Mr. Koch
perceives as their failures on his behalf. Very few people, aside from the Mayor
himself, receive any praise in this book.  What is truly sad about the memoir -
and about the Mayor's performance in office, because the two are inextricable -
is that he so self-destructively obscures his real accomplishments by asking the
observer to look at something irrelevant or, worse, gratuitous.  Mr. Koch
describes, for example, a transition meeting he had in late 1977 with the
outgoing Mayor, Abraham Beame, at Gracie Mansion. Mr. Koch recalls that Mr.
Beame pointed to the piano in the living room and said that Mrs. Beame had taken
lessons on it during their four years at the mayoral residence. Mr. Koch then
writes: ''I could hear 'Tinkle, tinkle, tinkle' in my head.'' The remark is
malicious, and - like so much of this disappointing book - it is difficult to
figure out why Mr. Koch inserted it.

It is disheartening to see debates on major issues reduced to tales of
bureaucratic intrigue and petty infighting, in all of which the Mayor emerges
either triumphant or vindicated. His adversaries and sometimes his friends weep
and quake and sweat and fall under his sword.

He seems to divide the city into its racial and religious and class groupings
and to judge individuals by these labels. People are identified not by their
character but as ''WASP'' or ''Wall Street'' or as high-toned Jews who look down
on ''my Polish-Jewish antecedents.'' (One man gets a multiple putdown as ''a
Harvard-educated WASP turned Buddhist.'') He reserves his highest disdain and
stereotyping for those he groups as ''liberals.'' He calls them ''radicals'' and
''elitists'' and ''ideologues'' and ''nuts'' and ''crazies.'' He says ''I
despise them,'' and explains: ''Most of them are not Communists, although some
of them may be. Most of them are just uninformed, totally naive, unthinking or
just dumb. . . . 'Elitist' means a very inbred group of very rich people who go
around telling everybody what to do and how to suffer.''

Always stressing divisions between groups rather than pursuing healing
processes, he tells a black politician: ''A substantial number of blacks . . .
are anti-Semitic, and for understandable reasons from their point of view,''
because Jews are still landlords and merchants ''in the ghetto . . . and the
blacks dislike them for that reason. The blacks dislike the Jews because
everybody would like to have a scapegoat.'' Virtually every black politician is
denigrated in the book.

It's not that none of the Mayor's opinions and positions are credible, just that
the manner in which he has presented them serves to drive groups and people
apart. Yes, one wants a mayor who is candid and speaks his mind, but not to the
petty or vengeful point where his important role as a conciliator of this city's
myriad and often competing constituencies is undermined. The city can't run very
well if every district or group is at its neighbor's throat.

Moreover, now that he has revealed his version of their confidential remarks,
will politicians and community leaders speak to him in the future with the
frankness and openness necessary to resolve the city's constant tangled
disputes?

Although this is a book about a Mayor who has carved out a role on national and
international issues and who has presided over New York City in a traumatic
period, one keeps turning pages in vain for farsighted policy discussions of the
housing crisis, city services, the rise in homelessness, the development plans
for the years ahead.

People often complain that they don't know enough about politicians to choose
among them. Mayor Koch has given them no excuse for lack of knowledge about him.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: op-ed

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              302 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Texas: Check Up on Healthcare Fraud Prosecutions

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    Chief compliance officers face an overwhelming level of risk in the
healthcare sector. I do not mean to belittle the risks of corruption, AML,
sanctions and other risks typically associated with global companies. Healthcare
companies face an extraordinary mix of risks, including fraud, data security,
bribery/anti-kickback, and Stark Law violations.





 The False Claims Act statute is a prosecutor's dream, and organizations and
individuals face extraordinary pressures to plead guilty and/or settle civil
claims for fear of exclusion from federal healthcare programs. Prosecutors have
a sledge hammer set of tools that typically force companies and individuals to
settle any enforcement action.



 Add to the mix an increase in prosecution resources to root out fraud and other
misconduct, as well as a well-established whistleblower law, qui tam actions,
and the government holds a winning hand in almost every case.



 The government's record in prosecuting healthcare fraud is impressive.
Prosecutors focus on healthcare providers - hospitals, doctors, skilled nursing
facilities, hospice care - as well as durable medical equipment providers given
the high rate of fraud committed in these industries. The government has
expanded its attention to include pharmacies and medical lab services.



 Some examples of government prosecutions are worth noting:



 An Alabama pharmacist plead guilty to obstructing a Medicare investigation by
submitting false information, that is, billing codes for tablets and capsules
rather than the applicable compounding codes in order to earn a higher
reimbursement rate. The defendant agreed to pay a fine of $2.5 million.



 A New Jersey doctor plead guilty to a Travel Act violation for taking bribes in
exchange for referring patients to a specific laboratory service for blood
tests. The lab paid the doctor with checks listed as "consulting fees," which
were a sham intended to conceal the bribes. This prosecution was part of a large
ongoing investigation which has resulted in 41 guilty please, 27 of them from
doctors, involving over $100 million in payments to the laboratory service from
Medicare and private insurers.



 A Newark, New Jersey hospital paid $450,000 for billing Medicare and Medicaid
for unnecessary cardiac services. Between 2009 and 2015, the hospital submitted
claims for percutaneous coronary interventions, catheterizations and stents that
were not medically necessary. The allegations were initiated by a whistleblower
that filed a qui tam action against the hospital.



 Two owners of a home healthcare agency were sentenced in the District of
Columbia to 10 years and 7 years imprisonment, respectively, for conducting an
$80 million Medicaid fraud scheme. The defendants illegally secured approval as
a Medicaid provider, and billed Medicaid for personal home healthcare services
that were not fully provided to Medicaid beneficiaries. In particular, they
submitted false time sheets, patient files and employment files.



 A Florida doctor was sentenced for 46 months' imprisonment for defrauding the
Medicare Advantage program. The doctor defrauded Medicare by diagnosing 387
Medicare Advantage beneficiaries with a rare chronic inflammatory disease of the
spine, and earned himself $2.1 million in excess capitation fees. Almost all of
the patients diagnosed by the doctor did not suffer from this disease.



 A Vice President of an x-ray company was sentenced to 4 years in prison for
illegally interpreting x-ray results and producing fraudulent reports using the
names of actual physicians who had never seen the x-rays. The official produced
nearly 70 percent of the x-ray interpretations and reports, pretending to be a
licensed physician or radiologist. If a patient requested additional
information, the senior official would refer the matter to an actual physician
and not inform the physician of the false initial report. The owner of the x-ray
company was sentenced to ten years imprisonment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 6, 2011 Monday

Artist's website touts St. Paul as cool city

BYLINE: By Frederick Melo fmelo@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 363 words


Tyler Olsen has a message for St. Paul and its 285,000 residents: You're cool.

Olsen, a theater actor and artist, entrepreneur and community booster, has
launched the website StPauliscool.com , where he sings the praises of his
community and sells T-shirts and stickers proclaiming it to be an overall cool
place to live: "St. Paul is cool. Really cool!"

"This is more like, 'We're here, too,' " said Olsen, 32, who said he's grown
tired of hearing Minneapolis actors and urban hipsters belittle the
entertainment offerings in the capital city. "It's all about creating community
in St. Paul, because Minneapolis is pretty outspoken about its coolness...but
we're just as exciting, and just as fun, and just as cool. The fact that we
still have a big pile of snow in the parking lot at Sears is cool."

Olsen doesn't think his tag line will replace the official St. Paul city slogan
- "the most livable city in America" - but he does use the writings on his
website to throw a little snark at those who choose to party on the other end of
Interstate 94 despite all the cool offerings east of the Mississippi River.

The "St. Paul attitude" on his site doesn't end there. He hails St. Paul as "the
original, firstborn twin of the Twin Cities," among other slight jabs at the
city of lakes.

Olsen, a resident of the Hamline-Midway neighborhood, said he grew up in West
St. Paul and Falcon Heights and has always lived east of the river, with the
exception of a five-year foray in California, where he graduated from and taught
at the Dell'Arte International School of Physical Theatre in Humboldt County.

He's currently the arts administrator for the Rosetown Playhouse, a community
theater in Roseville, and runs his own theater company, "Dangerous Theater," on
the side.

Olsen maintains that boosting St. Paul is in his blood. His father, Bob Olsen,
was the unofficial historian for the St. Paul Winter Carnival and a
self-proclaimed ice-palace expert. The senior Olsen is now the executive
director of Compas, Inc., an arts organization based in St. Paul's Landmark
Center, which employs artists to encourage others to create their own art.

Frederick Melo can be reached at 651-228-2172.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 21, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

The Protest in a Global Village

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 167 words



To the Editor:

David Frum ("Protesting, but Why?", Op-Ed, April 19) asserts that the left lacks
a serious intellectual position on third-world development. In doing so he
belittles as vacuous the Washington protesters' advocacy of democratic
institutions. But the struggle has always been about the extension of democracy
from the political sphere to the economic sphere.

For starters, economic democracy means effective representation at the
workplace. More broadly, it requires a system of world government that can
enforce democratically arrived-at principles of human rights, workers' rights
and social security. His protestations to the contrary, I suspect that Mr. Frum
has a very clear idea of what all this means in concrete terms. It means that he
will have to pay a dollar more for a sweatshirt. It means that a child in
Nigeria will get an education.

JOSEPH PERSKY
Chicago, April 19, 2000

The writer is a professor of economics, University of Illinois at Chicago.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              305 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

The Latest Hit on Israel: Denying Historical Reality

BYLINE:

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 378 words


The Issue: A UN organization effectively denying Jewish ties to the Temple Mount
and Western Wall.

Thanks for the editorial "Rewriting Sacred History," which decried the
anti-Semitic UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization's executive
board decision that denies the ancient Jewish historical attachment to the
Temple Mount in Jerusalem (Oct. 14).

The UN agency's decision refers to the Temple Mount exclusively as the "Al-Aqsa
Mosque/Al- Haram Al-Sharif" and calls it "a Muslim holy site of worship."

It also belittles the Jewish connection to the Western Wall - a 2,000-year-old
remnant of the Second Temple and the holy site where Jews pray today - calling
it the "Al-Buraq Plaza."

The document also blames the victim - Israel - for a Palestinian terror
campaign, while ignoring official Palestinian incitement behind it, as well as
the murder of dozens of Israelis.

Stephen Silver

San Francisco, Calif.

The tragedy of the recent UNESCO vote isn't its effect on Israel - it doesn't
affect it at all- but how it reflects on the countries who abstained.

It's sad to think that enlightened countries like France, Spain and Italy would
deny historical truths to suit political lies.

Archeological evidence proving the connection of the ancient Hebrews to the
Temple Mount and the Western Wall is irrefutable.

Shame on the abstaining countries for their failure to uphold the truth.  Mel
Young

Lawrence

The United States should ship the United Nations out of New York and to a Third
World country where its currently privileged envoys can happily practice their
long-useless, needless and anything-but-peaceful theater of the absurd. Not that
we needed any more reasons.

How quickly, I wonder, would the UN fold up its tent if it was located anywhere
but here or a different Western nation - the same nations that the UN ironically
castigates regularly. Gary Schwartz

Trumbull, Conn.

People complaining about Israel's treatment should cut the crap ("Israel's Obama
Worry," Editorial, Oct. 13).

Israel gets unlimited sympathy. Instead of being concerned about what's going on
right now, people should focus on what's going to happen to Israel after
President Obama finishes his term.

Mohammad Muhanna

Manhattan

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Obama.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 23, 1991, Monday

PRO FOOTBALL: FALCONS 21, RAIDERS 17; Describing win as a watershed might be
overstating the case

BYLINE: By Mark Bradleysports; atlanta/falcons; football

SECTION: SPORTS; SECTION D; PAGE 05

LENGTH: 648 words


So, in the great Color Scheme Showdown, it was Atlanta 21, the L.A. Raiders 17.
Some might take this as a nice win for a Falcon team that hasn't had that many
nice wins. Not Jerry Glanville.

To Glanville, this game had cosmic ramifications. "I told our players that you
hit a point where you can change the perception of your whole football
organization," he said. "I told them you get to a point where you can become
something, and I think we did that today."

And say the Falcons beat New Orleans next week. Does commissioner Paul Tagliabue
just hand Glanville the silver Vince Lombardi Trophy then and there?

Not content with having redefined his franchise in an afternoon, Glanville went
on to belittle his vanquished guests. "I don't think there's any question who
wears the black in this league," he said, a sentiment echoed by his players,
some of whom may even have taken him seriously.

Wide receiver Michael Haynes: "The Raiders have that bad-boy image. It was the
Battle of the Bad Boys."

Defensive end Tim Green: "This was tremendously important. . . . We showed we're
the guys in black."

Linebacker Jessie Tuggle: "We all know who the real men are. We know who wears
the black."

OK, OK. The Falcons had just played a pretty fair game against a pretty fair
team, limiting the Raiders to 165 yards, surging from behind to win. No one
should do or say anything that would detract from the Falcons' rousing effort.
But by trying to make one single non-conference game into a watershed, Glanville
stretched credibility beyond the breaking point.

The Raiders are the Raiders, pro football's winningest team over the last 30
years. The Falcons are the Falcons, one of the NFL's long-running jokes. To
their credit, these Falcons are trying to make opponents stop laughing, not just
for this week or this month but for years to come. But you don't do that by
winning one game and then implying that the tried and tested Raiders are
something less than "real men."

Said Max Montoya, the Raiders' fine offensive guard: " The Falcons  are so full
of manure . They're wannabes. That's what they are."

Montoya used to play for Cincinnati, which would face Glanville's Houston teams
twice annually. He described Glanville's pronouncements as "pretty typical."
This, after all, is the Glanville who dedicated last year's raucous win over the
Oilers to SMU coach Forrest Gregg, and who greeted the season-ending victory
over Dallas by saying "We're the champions of Texas." Don Quixote had his
windmills, and Jerry Glanville has his quasi-quests.

Unfortunately, slogans and uniforms don't win NFL games. Performance wins,
consistent performance. On this day the Falcons executed when they had to, Chris
Miller throwing a lovely pass to Haynes for the winning touchdown, Tim McKyer
hounding Tim Brown on the Raiders' last-gasp pass. On this day the Falcons were
the better team, and maybe they'll turn out better over the long haul. But
simply saying so won't make it so.

Said L.A. nose tackle Bob Golic: " The Falcons can say what they want. We're
still the Raiders, and that will never change. They're trying to imitate us, and
I guess that's sort of flattering. But it's sad that they don't want to
establish their own image. They've got a good team; they should go with that and
cut out that other garbage."

Pacing about the Raider locker room, clad head to toe in white, was Al Davis,
the architect of this franchise. Told that Glanville had proclaimed the Falcons
the NFL's new wearers of the black, Davis said: "They won the game. They deserve
all the credit."

Since the Falcons had laid claim to the Raiders' signature hue, a man asked
Davis if he'd given thought to changing his team's color scheme. With that, Al
Davis did something he never does after a loss. He smiled, flashing rows and
rows of shark's teeth.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              307 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

James is undisputed King of the East

BYLINE: Michael Lee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 922 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND - To beat LeBron James in the playoffs, the victorious team needs to
be vastly superior, benefit from him inexplicably vanishing, be extremely angry
or shoot the lights out - and that still might not guarantee success. That no
Eastern Conference team has defeated James in the postseason since he made his
first jersey-shifting Decision in 2010 has accentuated the shortcomings of the
NBA's perennially weaker stepbrother but also James's individual, shape-shifting
brilliance.

James is one win from becoming the common denominator in the past five teams
from the East to reach the NBA Finals, a run that hasn't been matched for nearly
five decades. So it is with that understanding that the Atlanta Hawks are
neither frauds nor overrated should their season end Tuesday night with a sweep
- or after any other number of games that leaves them one series shy of the
franchise's first Finals trip since 1958. It's James's time to rule the East
until someone can take it from him.

With the Hawks looking uncharacteristically frazzled against a player whose
postseason résumé is more impressive than their entire roster's, this has become
the time for some to belittle the Hawks and demean their accomplishments. They
produced 60 wins, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, four all-stars and the
coach of the year while blocking out the distractions of an ownership transfer
and the banishment of their general manager. This isn't a failure, no matter how
it ends - and the Hawks know it.

"We never said it was going to be easy," all-star point guard Jeff Teague said.
"We're not going to discredit what we did this season."

The Hawks are an unlikely miracle comeback away from becoming the latest team to
realize this is the time of year when reasoned analysis doesn't always compute
and the numbers can lie because of James's ability to be spectacular despite
being inefficient, as he was in Game 3 on Sunday, when his missed field goal
attempts matched his jersey number - 23 - but he still willed the Cavaliers to a
114-111 overtime win.

James's four most valuable player awards and two NBA titles support his legacy
as a future Hall of Famer, but his postseason defiance has separated him from
his peers in this era. James already has toppled three No. 1 seeds in the
conference finals, and Atlanta would be the second 60-win team that he has
eliminated.

With longtime Gregg Popovich disciple Mike Budenholzer at the helm the past two
seasons, the Hawks have adapted the same principles that made the Spurs a
five-time champion, using a team-first approach that weaponized all five players
and made them more threatening individual components. The Hawks' team-building
strategy - which was executed splendidly by former Spurs executive Danny Ferry -
would be difficult to copy, but nothing about this postseason, or this series in
particular, has led them to second-guess the non-traditional superstar model.

"We don't care what anybody else thinks," all-star forward Paul Millsap said.
"We feel like we're a really good team. No matter what happens, still going to
be confident. We feel like we're going to do something special, whether it be
this year, next year, or whenever. We're going to stick to this."

The Hawks were the better team in the regular season but have experienced a
miserable collection of setbacks over the past two months. Millsap suffered a
right shoulder strain that continues to bother him. Thabo Sefolosha had his leg
broken and was lost for the season in an incident involving New York police
officers a week before the regular season ended. They got through the first two
rounds against Brooklyn and Washington relatively unscathed but have broken down
against Cleveland. DeMarre Carroll injured his knee in Game 1, and Kyle Korver
suffered a season-ending high ankle sprain in a collision with Cavaliers guard
Matthew Dellavedova.

Atlanta played its best basketball of the series in Game 3 when it was most
desperate, but some questionable decisions will continue to haunt them. The calm
and collected Al Horford lost his temper when Dellavedova fell into his ankle
and knee, and he retaliated with a WWE-approved elbow drop and got ejected.
Later, three Hawks failed to foul terrible free throw shooter Tristan Thompson,
allowing him to kick the ball out to James for the go-ahead three-pointer.

"I wish we were perfect," Budenholzer said, "but I don't think any team is
perfect."

But playing against James lessens the margin for error. Any misfortune or
split-second mistake will inevitably prove too costly to overcome. And,
unfortunately, most teams aren't equipped to defeat James - because they don't
have him.

James hasn't had the easiest path, either, but the Cavaliers have gone 11-2 this
postseason with Kevin Love out since the first round with a shoulder injury,
with J.R. Smith missing two games in the second round because of a suspension
and with all-star Kyrie Irving missing the past two games with left knee
tendinitis.

While others have won MVP awards during James's reign as the game's best player,
his presence has proven to be too intimidating and too overwhelming, especially
for foes in the East. With one more win in four chances, James would only trail
Kobe Bryant in Finals appearances among active players.

The Hawks know what they lack, but they also continue to hold out hope for a
breakthrough against James. "The series is not over," Teague said. "We still
have an opportunity to do something special. . . . We know we can beat this
team."

michael.lee@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            November 12, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

WSU probes Leach as star quits, cites abuse

BYLINE: Daily News staff and wire reports

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Colleges; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 397 words


WASHINGTON STATE president Elson Floyd called for a review of claims of abusive
behavior by football coach Mike Leach and his staff toward players by top
receiver Marquess Wilson, who quit the team Saturday.

Wilson says he left the program because of the actions of Leach and his staff.
Wilson says the new staff has "preferred to belittle, intimidate and humiliate
us," and that included physical abuse.

Leach, in his first season at Washington State, was fired by Texas Tech in in
2009 after claims of mistreatment from a player.

After Washington State's 44-36 loss to UCLA on Saturday, Leach declined to
address Wilson's claims. "I'm not going to talk about anyone that isn't here,"
he said.

Wilson, a junior, set school single-season records last year with 82 receptions
and 1,388 yards receiving. This season, he leads the team with 52 receptions for
813 yards.

Olympics *

Rome is now eyeing the 2024 Summer Olympics after dropping its bid for the 2020
Games because of economic reasons.

* Windsurfing will stay in the Olympics for 2016 after the International Sailing
Federation scrapped plans to replace it with kiteboard racing in Rio de Janeiro.

Philly File *

Undefeated Philadelphia super middleweight Jesse Hart won his fourth straight
bout, a third-round knockout of Joshua Meyers, Saturday in Las Vegas.

Sport Stops *

Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic, the top two players in the world, advanced to
Monday's championship match at the ATP finals in London. Federer, a six-time
champion at the season-ending event, advanced by beating champion Andy Murray,
7-6 (5), 6-2. The top-ranked Djokovic defeated Juan Martin del Potro, 4-6, 6-3,
6-2.

* As quickly as NHL labor negotiations got going again, they came to a
screeching halt. After a 1-day break following a series of formal discussions
this week, the sides got back to business Sunday in New York. Less than 90
minutes after talks solely about player-contract issues started, they were over.
The players contend the NHL has dug in on its position and is not willing to
negotiate.

* Sweden's Andre Myhrer won the first men's World Cup slalom of the season in
Levi, Finland, holding off defending overall champion Marcel Hirscher.

* The South African soccer federation says four second-tier players have been
killed in a car accident in the same area where a national team assistant coach
died in a crash last month.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 19, 2010 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SOME HISTORIC FEATS DIDN'T REALLY HAPPEN

BYLINE: Norman Chad

SECTION: SPORTS; COUCH SLOUCH; Pg. D-7

LENGTH: 573 words


Every once in a while, your grandfather will tell you about some fabulous feat
that happened before you were born, often to belittle whatever modern-day
achievements some of us are celebrating. Guess what? Often, they're embellishing
the facts or just making stuff up.

Frankly, there are a lot of things -- some of them sports things -- I do not
believe. Here now, Couch Slouch's first installment of History That Did Not
Happen:

Cy Young's 511 wins: This is one of sport's most unbreakable records, if it did
happen. A pitcher could average 20 wins a season for 25 years -- and still be
short of Cy Young's mark!

Young made his big league debut at age 23, pitching a three-hit shutout; he was
Stephen Strasburg before Strasburg, though, in all likelihood, less hyped. In
his second full season in 1892, Young threw 453 innings -- I guess he wasn't on
a pitch count -- and allegedly was 36-12.

During a career that spanned from 1890 to 1908, Young pitched for the Cleveland
Spiders, St. Louis Perfectos, Boston Americans, Cleveland Naps and Boston
Rustlers. This is the only set of facts that seem plausible -- that not once,
but twice, Cleveland gave up on Cy Young himself.

Anyway, my research shows that Young often was credited with two victories on
the same day -- and they weren't even playing doubleheaders! Uh, 511?
Balderdash.

Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game: No TV. No radio. No fans. You know how, like,
150,000 people claim to have been at the Polo Grounds for Bobby Thomson's "Shot
Heard 'Round the World" in 1951? Well, nobody claims to have witnessed Wilt's
feat.

It was March 2, 1962, and the Philadelphia Warriors beat the New York Knicks,
169-147. According to the box score, Wilt made 36 of 63 field-goal attempts and
28 of 32 free-throw attempts. What, he went to bed as Warren Beatty and woke up
as Rick Barry?

The game supposedly was held in Hershey, Pa., which, to this day, does not have
a regulation-size basketball court anywhere within city limits. Not to mention
that Wilt was playing the Knicks, which, even back then, had no front office and
no defense.

David slays Goliath: Fable has it that Goliath, in full armor, met with David,
wearing an oxford and khakis. David struck Goliath's head with a stone from a
sling, then cut off his head and took it back to Jerusalem to sell at a weekend
swap meet.

Great, great story, the stuff of legends, except David not only didn't own a
slingshot, his parents wouldn't let him go beyond their driveway unaccompanied.

By the way, Goliath, unofficially, was 9 feet tall -- he dated Gheorghe
Muresan's great-great-great-great-great-great-great aunt -- and David was 5-6
1/2 in Birkenstocks.

Ask The Slouch

Q. My local bowling establishment has a pitcher of Pabst on special for $6.59.
I'm a little short -- I could afford, say, $5.34. Any idea where I could acquire
the extra $1.25 to enjoy some refreshing PBR with my teammates? (Chuck Moody;
Pittsburgh)

A. "Barkeep -- a pitcher of PBR for my Steel City friends!"

Q. When football, baseball and basketball players miss the playoffs, they go
golfing. What do golfers do when they miss the cut? (Roberto Kirchhoff; Mayfield
Heights, Ohio)

A. Card room!

Q. How did John Daly's pants clear British customs? (Philip Booth; Houston)

A. He used a fifth of Jack Daniel's as a decoy.

Q. Were your first two wives interviewed by Jim Gray outside the courthouse
after their victories over you? (Jack Leibovitch; Towson, Md.)

A. Pay the man, Shirley.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just e-mail
asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash! /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              310 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 19, 2010 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

And I walked 10 miles uphill through the snow barefoot

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 857 words


Every once in a while, your grandfather will tell you about some fabulous feat
that happened before you were born, often to belittle whatever modern-day
achievements some of us are celebrating. Guess what? Often, they're embellishing
the facts or just making stuff up.

Frankly, there are a lot of things -- some of them sports things -- I do not
believe. Here now, Couch Slouch's first installment of History That Did Not
Happen:

-- Cy Young's 511 wins: This is one of sport's most unbreakable records, if it
did happen. A pitcher could average 20 wins a season for 25 years -- and still
be short of Cy Young's mark!

Young made his big-league debut at age 23, pitching a three-hit shutout; he was
Stephen Strasburg before Strasburg, though, in all likelihood, less hyped. In
his second full season in 1892, Young threw 453 innings -- I guess he wasn't on
a pitch count -- and allegedly was 36-12.

During a career that spanned from 1890 to 1911, Young pitched for the Cleveland
Spiders, St. Louis Perfectos, Boston Americans, Cleveland Naps and Boston
Rustlers. This is the only set of facts that seem plausible -- that not once,
but twice, Cleveland gave up on Cy Young.

Anyway, my research shows that Young often was credited with two victories on
the same day -- and they weren't even playing doubleheaders! Uh, 511?
Balderdash.

-- Lou Gehrig's streak of playing 2,130 consecutive games: Okay, let's debunk
the first myth -- that Gehrig replaced a slumping Wally Pipp for the Yankees on
June 2, 1925. In actuality, Gehrig arrived at the ballpark two hours early and
hid Pipp's glove, cleats and jockstrap, forcing Manager Miller Huggins to insert
the 21-year-old into the lineup.

Then we're told "The Iron Horse" did not miss a game between 1925 and 1939.
We're supposed to believe he played through countless injuries? They didn't even
have pain relievers back then -- sure, you could get aspirin via mail order out
of Peking, but it took 90 days to ship on a slow boat from China.

Plus, my Uncle Nathan was at a Yankees-Indians game at Municipal Stadium in 1932
and Gehrig wasn't even there -- he took a "personal day" because his mother had
cooked strudel.

-- Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game: No TV. No radio. No fans. You know how,
like, 150,000 people claim to have been at the Polo Grounds for Bobby Thomson's
"Shot Heard 'Round the World" in 1951? Well, nobody claims to have witnessed
Wilt's feat.

It was March 2, 1962, and the Philadelphia Warriors beat the New York Knicks,
169-147. According to the box score, Wilt made 36 of 63 field goal attempts and
28 of 32 free throw attempts. What, he went to bed as Warren Beatty and woke up
as Rick Barry?

The game supposedly was held in Hershey, Pa., which, to this day, does not have
a regulation-size basketball court anywhere within city limits. Not to mention
that Wilt was playing the Knicks, which, even back then, had no front office and
no defense.

-- Bob Beamon's long jump of 29 feet 2 1/2  inches: Sure, it was on TV, but it's
like Neil Armstrong's moon walk, which we now know was some Hollywood-generated
sham.

The jump occurred during the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and here are
the stunning numbers: He broke the world record by nearly two feet, and Beamon
himself never reached 27 feet again.

It is a statistical improbability that anyone can exceed his average performance
that much on a given day; it would be like Keanu Reeves walking onto a movie set
and turning into Russell Crowe.

Do your own at-home test: Go outside and see how far you can long jump. Maybe
eight feet. And this joker went 29 feet? Please. I'm guessing they simply
measured it wrong.

-- David slays Goliath: Fable has it that Goliath, in full armor, met with
David, wearing an oxford and khakis. David struck Goliath's head with a stone
from a sling, then cut off his head and took it back to Jerusalem to sell at a
weekend swap meet.

Great, great story, the stuff of legends, except David not only didn't own a
slingshot, his parents wouldn't let him go beyond their driveway unaccompanied.

By the way, Goliath, unofficially, was 9 feet tall -- he dated Gheorghe
Muresan's great-great-great-great-great-great-great aunt -- and David was 5-6
1/2  in Birkenstocks.

Ask The Slouch

 Q. My local bowling establishment has a pitcher of Pabst on special for $6.59.
I'm a little short -- I could afford, say, $5.34. Any idea where I could acquire
the extra $1.25 to enjoy some refreshing PBR with my teammates? (Chuck Moody;
Pittsburgh)

A. "Barkeep -- a pitcher of PBR for my Steel City friends!"

Q. When football, baseball and basketball players miss the playoffs, they go
golfing. What do golfers do when they miss the cut? (Roberto Kirchhoff; Mayfield
Heights, Ohio)

A. Card room!

Q. How did John Daly's pants clear British customs? (Philip Booth; Houston)

A. He used a fifth of Jack Daniel's as a decoy.

Q. Were your first two wives interviewed by Jim Gray outside the courthouse
after their victories over you? (Jack Leibovitch; Towson)

A. Pay the man, Shirley.

You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask the Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just e-mail
asktheslouch@ aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 06, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Rise of the Swing Set

Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 818 words


SWINGIN' THE DREAM

Big Band Jazz and the Rebirth of American Culture

By Lewis A. Erenberg

University of Chicago. 320 pp. $ 28

Like so many other studies in that nascent academic discipline, or undiscipline,
called "popular culture," this one overreaches itself, leaping from the narrow
particular to the breathtakingly universal with little apparent regard for the
validity of the exercise. More on that in a moment. But first the good news.
"Swingin' the Dream" is an intelligent, provocative study of the big band era,
chiefly during its golden hours in the 1930s; not merely does Lewis A. Erenberg
give the music its full due, but he places it in a larger context and makes, for
the most part, a plausible case for its importance.

To say that he gives the music its due may seem unremarkable, but in fact
students of American popular music have tended to belittle the big band music of
the swing era as a "commercialized" transitional period between the "pure" early
jazz that preceded it and the "pure" bebop that followed it. Though the two
greatest orchestras of the time were led by blacks, Duke Ellington and Count
Basie, in the racially charged atmosphere of jazz criticism it is assumed that
the popularity of bands led by whites, notably Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey and
Glenn Miller, was due to watered-down music made palatable for a mass white
audience.

The truth, as Erenberg convincingly argues, is another matter. Until the swing
era, jazz had been sharply divided racially, with black pioneers (King Oliver,
Jelly Roll Morton, Louis Armstrong) on one side and their white adulators (Bix
Beiderbecke, Frank Trumbauer, Eddie Condon) on the other; the process of
cross-fertilization, so central to the development of jazz, took place at a
remove. But the big bands, notably Goodman's, began to break down the barriers,
not merely putting black and white musicians onstage and in the recording studio
together, but greatly accelerating their musical influence on one other.

The first regular black performer in a white unit, Teddy Wilson of the Benny
Goodman Trio, called it "the first interracial organization in this country,"
and he may well have been right. "It was an asset, racial mixing," he said,
because lovers of jazz "were just hungry for this sort of thing." The result was
that white bands, because of their greater acceptability in the emerging mass
market, were able to bring new attention and admiration to the music of black
composers and arrangers.

In this mix, Erenberg places heavy emphasis, as Teddy Wilson did, on the role of
the audience. Its members, he says, were "active participants in creating a
music vital to their own lives." They were the parents and grandparents,
literally and figuratively, of the later audience that participated in the birth
of rock-and-roll:

"When they screamed at a concert or danced in the aisles to an exciting band,
they were exercising their right to respond to music in their own ways -- not as
parents, bandleaders or swing critics told them they must behave. At the same
time, swing musicians operated nationally, in more open, democratic spaces.
Those spaces now included greater interaction between whites and blacks than
ever before. As aural media, radio and records removed some of the visual
definitions of race, allowing music played by blacks or whites to reach the
senses in direct, unrestricted ways. The swing era thus witnessed the
possibility for mass personal liberation and the democratization of cultural
connoisseurship."

That last sentence is a mouthful, but the essential argument is persuasive. The
swing audience "represented both the emotional loosening of American musical
culture and its democratization." After the big bands, American culture was no
longer the province of an intellectual and/or aristocratic elite that imported
most of what it admired from Europe; for better -- and the music of the big band
era unquestionably was, to date, the high-water mark of American popular music
-- and for worse, American culture was now the property of the American people.

This is fine so far as it goes, but too often Erenberg cannot resist going too
far. "In the ruin of dreams," he writes, "torch singers and crooners expressed
the spiritual letdown and insecurity of the era. The anguished and languid voice
conveyed a loss of faith in individual power and male potency in a hostile
world." Or: "The fascination with authentic jazz was part of the search for a
cultural alternative to the dehumanization of society in the industrial world."
If it sounds to you as if Erenberg is reading post-1960s attitudes into a 1930s
context, well, it sounds that way to me, too. The best advice is to ignore most
of Erenberg's generalizations and concentrate on his specifics, which are this
book's real strength.

By Jonathan Yardley, whose Internet address is yardleyjclark.net

LOAD-DATE: May 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              312 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 20, 1989, Wednesday

TRADE GAP WITH JAPAN MAY EASE

BYLINE: ANITA SCHRODT; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


The huge trade imbalance between the United States and Japan should ease
considerably in the 1990s, a leading Japanese business executive predicts.

"We should not belittle the fact that in the four years since the Plaza Accord
(to stabilize the value of the yen and the dollar), the Japan-U.S. trade
imbalance has been moving in the right direction," said Yohei Mimura, chairman
of Mitsubishi Corp. He was addressing the annual joint meeting of the Midwest
.S.-Japan Association and the Japan-Midwest U.S. Association.

Mr. Mimura forecasts that U.S.-Japan trade will "change radically" in the 1990s
as Japanese transplant production facilities in the United States move into full
production and begin exporting from the United States, and as Japan continues to
increase its domestic market for imports.

In the automotive sector, new Japanese manufacturing plants and joint- venture
plants with U.S. manufacturers are luring Japanese auto supply companies into
the United States and throwing the global automotive supply industry into
upheaval.

W.L. Orscheln, vice president-finance for Orscheln Industries, Moberly, Mo.,
noted that his company, which produces parking-brake cables and levers and other
automotive components, has traditionally been a supplier to the Big Three U.S.
auto companies and, in some cases, the sole supplier of specific parts. In the
past two years, however, Orscheln has formed joint ventures with two Japanese
companies, aiming to supply parts to Japanese car plants in the United States.

In a joint venture with Otsuka Ko-Ki Co. of Yokohama, Orscheln will produce
brake cables.

Another venture, with U-Shin Ltd. of Tokyo, aims to supply the new Mazda- Ford
plant in Flat Rock, Mich., Mr. Orscheln said. U-Shin, 30 percent-owned by Mazda
Motor Corp., was selected to supply sensors and switches to the Flat Rock plant,
but did not want to set up shop alone in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              313 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    February 18, 1996, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Mediocre Islanders beat hapless Sharks

BYLINE: GERALD ESKENAZI; THE NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: SPORTS PLUS; Pg. B3

DATELINE: UNIONDALE, New York


After a week of mediocre play against other mediocre hockey teams, the New York
Islanders on Saturday found an opponent they could beat.

With the Islanders these days, it does little good to belittle the opposition.
Everyone plays them tough. So they wound up a four-game homestand with a 4-2
victory over the San Jose Sharks, a team that has lost three times as many games
as it has won.

Both teams produced a total of two shots in the first three minutes of the third
period. Even Eddie Layton's thumping organ rendition of Ravel's Bolero could not
excite the Sharks into becoming predators.

They produced only three shots in the second period, and only three more in the
third period, when they scored with less than a minute remaining on Shean
Donovan's second goal of the game.

That cut the lead to one, suddenly making it a game, but Derek King scored an
empty-netter in the closing seconds. During a two-minute power play early in the
final period, the Sharks could not get off one shot on goal.

Obviously, this is a team the Islanders can beat -- and did.

That was a change. The Islanders had started the homestand squeaking by Anaheim
after almost blowing a three-goal, final-period lead. Then they lost to Ottawa
and Calgary.

But the Sharks have bad habits all over the ice, and that included losing the
puck a dozen times in their own end Saturday. It set up tailor-made shots for
the Islanders, who have had their own problems bringing the puck into enemy
territory.

The Sharks, now 13-39-6, are one of two National Hockey League teams with fewer
victories than the Islanders, who are 16-32-8. The other is the Senators.

The Islanders' bewilderment had been in danger of reaching epidemic proportions.
Coach Mike Milbury was trying to keep his team in some sort of order. For one
afternoon, at least, against a weak team, he righted this young, injury-prone
outfit.

Milbury, working with limited talent, spent a good part of Friday's practice
telling the Islanders that their smallish size was not an excuse for lack of
aggression. "Forecheck" was his favorite two-syllable word.

But the Islanders' so-so aggressiveness was enhanced by the the Sharks' tendency
to be intimidated by the puck. And they don't do much without it, either.

So the Islanders grabbed a 2-0 lead with some pretty, uncontested drives. Martin
Straka, sailing down the middle, eased a good-looking pass to Zigmund Palffy on
his right. Palffy's left-handed drive clanged behind Chris Terreri in goal.

Later in the opening period, Marty McInnis led his own charge and swatted the
puck home.

Whalers 2, Sabres 1 (OT)

HARTFORD, Connecticut (AP) -- Geoff Sanderson scored 1:49 into overtime give
Hartford a victory over Buffalo.

Brendan Shanahan and Mike Peca had exchanged goals early in the third period as
both clubs continued their battle for a playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.

Sanderson took a pass in the slot after Andrew Cassels stole the puck from
Sabres defenceman Gary Galley. It broke a string of three consecutive ties for
Buffalo.

Lightning 5, Flyers 2

ST. PETERSBURG, Florida (AP) -- Brian Bradley had two goals and an assist and
Tampa Bay improved to 10-1 in the past 11 games in which he has scored with a
victory over Philadelphia.

Backup goaltender Jeff Reese turned in his second successive winning performance
for the Lightning, stopping 24 shots and shutting down the Flyers after giving
up two goals in the first seven minutes of the game.

Bradley's first goal cut Philadelphia's lead to 2-1. He got an assist on a
second-period goal that gave Tampa Bay a 4-2 lead, then scored on a breakaway
with 3:07 to go. Shawn Burr, Roman Hamrlik and Rob Zamuner also scored for Tampa
Bay.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1996

LENGTH: 624 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP photo/ COVER-UP: Sharks goaltender Chris Terreri moves to trap puck
as Islander Brad Dalgarno charges in, intent on a goal

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday

Obama Escalates His Attack on Clinton's War Record

BYLINE: RUSSELL BERMAN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 866 words


Senator Obama is escalating his criticism of Senator Clinton's record on the
Iraq war, using a Democratic presidential debate last night to belittle her
attempt to force the Pentagon to release plans for withdrawing American troops.

"I think it's terrific that she's asking for plans from the Pentagon, and I
think the Pentagon response was ridiculous," the Illinois senator said in a
response unprompted by a specific question about Mrs. Clinton, before targeting
her initial support for the Iraq invasion: "But what I also know is that the
time for us to ask how we were going to get out of Iraq was before we went in."

Mr. Obama's unsolicited jab, perhaps his most direct of the campaign, signals a
potential turning point in a race that has thus far seen the leading contenders
reluctant to take on their opponents directly. His statement came moments after
Mrs. Clinton boasted of her recent fight with a high-ranking Bush administration
official who had suggested in a letter that she was "reinforcing enemy
propaganda" by stirring talk of an American exit from Iraq.

The former first lady was not given a chance to respond to Mr. Obama's shot, but
she appeared to hit back at his lack of foreign policy experience minutes later
when she pointedly refused to follow him in promising to meet personally with
the leaders of enemy states and sponsors of terrorism - including Cuba,
Venezuela, North Korea, and Iran - in his first year in office.

"I will not promise to meet with the leaders of these countries during my first
year," Mrs. Clinton said, adding that she would pursue a "vigorous diplomatic
effort" but warning against high-level meetings "before you know what the
intentions are."

"I don't want to be used for propaganda purposes. I don't want to make a
situation even worse," she said, naming Fidel Castro of Cuba and President
Chavez of Venezuela as leaders she would not meet "until we know better what the
way forward would be."

Sensing an opportunity to underscore Mrs. Clinton's message of "strength and
experience," her campaign highlighted the exchange in an e-mail to reporters
before the event had ended.

The debate, held at the Citadel in Charleston, S.C., was sponsored by CNN and
YouTube and featured questions from Americans who filmed themselves on 30-second
homemade videos they uploaded to the video-sharing site. CNN chose the video
questions, picking a combination of substantive policy queries along with
several that were light-hearted and a few that were simply awkward, such as one
that featured an animated snowman asking a question about global warming.

Mrs. Clinton and a former North Carolina senator, John Edwards, tiptoed around
comments that his wife, Elizabeth, had made last week criticizing Mrs. Clinton's
record on women's issues and saying her husband would be a better advocate for
women. Mrs. Clinton recited what she said was a long history of supporting
causes important to women, while Mr. Edwards, standing beside her on the stage,
praised her record and refused to say directly whether his wife was correct.

Along the way, the questions deepened rifts among the eight declared candidates,
particularly on foreign policy. Mrs. Clinton has gone to great lengths during
the campaign to court the party's anti-war base by calling increasingly for a
withdrawal of troops from Iraq. But she appeared to draw the line when pressed
by Governor Richardson of New Mexico, who acknowledged he was "trying to provoke
a debate here" when he criticized her plans to keep residual forces in the
country; he has pledged to pull out every single American soldier as president.

"With all due respect to some of my friends here, yes, we want to begin moving
the troops out, but we want to do so safely, and orderly and carefully," Mrs.
Clinton said, her voice almost pleading. "We don't want more loss of American
life and Iraqi life as we attempt to withdraw, and it is time for us to admit
that it's going to be complicated, so let's start it now."

Her comments followed even stronger language from Senator Biden of Delaware, who
chastised his fellow candidates in the Senate, including Mrs. Clinton, for
voting against an emergency funding bill for Iraq because it did not include a
timetable for troop withdrawal. He said they were voting against sending
critical supplies, including armored vehicles, to the front lines. "How in good
conscience can you vote not to send those vehicles over there as long as there's
one single, solitary troop there?" Mr. Biden said.

The Delaware senator and Mrs. Clinton also presented different positions on
ending the Darfur genocide. Mr. Biden said he would "absolutely" send American
troops to intervene, while Mrs. Clinton, after prodding from moderator Anderson
Cooper, said they "don't belong in Darfur at this time."

As the front-runner in most polls, Mrs. Clinton fielded several tricky and
pointed questions throughout the night. She deflected a few of them, with mixed
success. She refused to label herself as a "liberal," choosing the term "modern
progressive," and when pressed by a questioner skeptical of four straight Bush
or Clinton administrations, she quipped, "I think it is a problem that Bush was
elected in 2000."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 22, 1991 Tuesday

Braves may be overmatched   by Twins' veterans in Series

BYLINE: MARTY YORK; GAM

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: Atlanta .bany


MARTY YORK
   ATLANTA
 JUNIOR Ortiz, who either doesn't care what he is saying or doesn't know
what he is saying, rubbed his beard, cleared his throat and proceeded to
belittle his World Series opponents, one by one.

"Lonnie Smith?" Ortiz began. "He seems pretty washed up to me. I
haven't seen much from (Brian) Hunter or even (Dave) Justice yet. And who
are those two second basemen they have? Mutt and Jeff?"

For the record, they're Mark and Jeff - as in Lemke and Treadway - but
the catcher"comedian with the Minnesota Twins may have raised a valid
point about the Atlanta Braves, even if he wasn't entirely aware of it.

Ortiz's commentary brought to light the very real possibility that the
Braves are seriously overmatched by the Twins in this Weird World Series.

Sure, both of the participating teams climbed from the basements of
their divisions last year to the penthouses this year, but it just may be
that the Atlanta guys spent 1991 putting up a Brave facade.

Subtract Terry Pendleton and the Braves are a team laden with raw
youngsters and overachieving veterans. The Twins, on the other hand,
possess a collection of accomplished veterans, characters such as Kirby
Puckett, Kent Hrbek, Greg Gagne, Dan Gladden, Rick Aguilera and Jack
Morris, all of whom have experienced World Series triumphs.

Recovering from a 2-0 disadvantage in this Series is highly unlikely,
even for a team that appeared to corner the market on miracle experiences
during the season.

And so there were those who were standing around here on the off day
yesterday, thinking out loud that they may just witness a Series sweep for
the second consecutive season.

It is difficult to ascertain who would be more hurt by such a
development - the Braves, who already have exceeded expectations by
reaching this point, or CBS, who would stand to lose millions of dollars
in advertising revenue.

Anyway, both outfits were attempting to perish the thought about a
sweep yesterday.

And the Braves sincerely like their chances of winning, at least in
Game No. 3 tonight.

Here are a few of the reasons for their optimism:
   1. They believe Averything is in their favour.

They refer specifically to Steve Avery, the 21-year-old left-hander
with a sizzling fastball.

Avery thoroughly overpowered the Pittsburgh Pirates in the National
League Championship Series, shutting them out twice. For that, he was
selected the series' most-valuable player.

2. There will be no Chili served to give the Twins the runs.

Because the Series transfers over to the NL park tonight, there will be
no designated hitter. That means the Twins will be deprived of the
services of Chili Davis, their cleanup hitter.

Davis belted a two-run home run off Atlanta's Tom Glavine in the Twins'
3-2 victory on Sunday night. He homered 17 times in the regular season.

Here, as he said, "I'll be nothing but an overpaid cheerleader."

The Braves think they will prosper from the NL rules. Heck, even
Atlanta third-base coach Jimy Williams, formerly a Toronto Blue Jay
manager, is mouthing off, telling reporters:
   "While I was in the American League, I used to wonder when the National
League was going to change to the DH. But now I'm convinced that the NL
has it all over the AL. It's a better team game because of the double
switches and the use of more pinch-hitters. Everybody on the club has to
be ready to play."

3. Atlanta fans will chop till they drop.

Charging racism, Indian groups have been asking Atlanta supporters to
refrain from the chops and the chants - and the Braves' first lady, Jane
Fonda, has adhered to their wish.

But that doesn't mean others will follow suit. Far from it, in fact.
And the Braves, searching for any advantage they can get, are encouraging
the exhortations.

"There's nothing racist about chopping," Atlanta coach Pat Corrales
insisted. "Can't people have any fun any more?"

The Twins, clearly relaxed, don't care about any of the above.

Their scouting reports tell them Avery can be beaten and that he does
not throw as hard as the Jays' Juan Guzman, the one pitcher they couldn't
beat in the AL Championship Series.

The Twins aren't worried about the absence of Davis as DH because, on
the flip side, Lonnie Smith must go from DH to left field. And Lonnie's a
butcher in the outfield. Besides, Davis still will be available as a
pinch-hitter.

As for the chopping? Well, in the immortal words of Junior Ortiz:
   "You have to catch us to chop us. And I don't think anyone here is
gonna catch us."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

The strange parallel universe of Donald J. Trump

BYLINE: Bruce Wolpe

SECTION: NEWS REVIEW; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 814 words


Within days of the launch of Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign last June,
he entered a parallel universe of his unique creation - a universe with its own
gravity and physics, where the normal laws of political thermodynamics do not
apply.

It was funny at first, but it became deadly serious very quickly. Trump could
viciously criticise Senator John McCain, a Vietnam war hero who had been
mercilessly tortured in Hanoi, and emerge unscathed by the anger of Republicans
and patriots.

He could slur Muslims, demean Hispanics as rapists and drug runners, threaten
millions of immigrants with deportation, denigrate women in appearance and
physiology, belittle his opponents with cruel characterisations ("Lying Ted
Cruz", "Little Marco"), attack Dr Ben Carson as having a serious mental illness,
and establish a new nadir of vulgarity and incivility in what was billed as a
Republican presidential debate.

That night set a new low in modern American politics - everyone needed a shower
afterwards. In the parallel universe of Donald J. Trump, atrocities can occur
without any implosion.

Imagine if Barack Obama, African-American freshman senator, had addressed a
rally in 2008 and said, "I want to punch that guy in the face"; or if he had
said that, if he was denied the nomination, there would be riots at the
convention as a result of his supporters being frustrated. What do you think
would have happened to Barack Obama's candidacy at that point? "Uppity" would
have been the first word in the epithet, and his half-life as a nominee for
president would have been extinguished.

There has been no one quite like Trump in a presidential campaign.

In Trump there is a bit of Huey Long, the Louisiana populist who played on anger
during the Depression and led an uprising against the New Deal for not taking
care of the poor working classes; a touch of Joe McCarthy, the vicious
anti-communist; a bit of George Wallace, the segregationist Alabama governor;
and some of Barry Goldwater, the libertarian conservative insurgent.

It is these strands in a persona so narcissistic and megalomaniac, so out of
control, that is presenting the Republican Party with its most existential
crisis ever - terrifying a party leadership that believed it not only had the
richest field of credible contenders but also a massive chance of recapturing
the White House after "eight failed years of Barack Obama".

Never before have the pillars of the conservative intelligentsia - George Will,
Michael Gerson, David Brooks, Bill Kristol, the editors of National Review -
been so united in their revulsion at a candidate who, they collectively believe,
will destroy the Republican Party and turn the country over to the Democrats.

Indeed, it was Marco Rubio, the Cuban-American senator from Florida, who the
Democrats feared most. He was younger, extremely articulate, with a powerful
narrative on national security and cross-cultural appeal - exactly the antidote
for a party that could not connect with Latinos in the past two presidential
cycles. He would transform the party and ensure its future. But the Ides of
March this week were cruel: Rubio was defenceless in his own state against the
angry rabble of working-class white voters that Trump has roused.

All of which leaves Hillary Clinton and the Democrats with quiet confidence but
some deep concerns about the Trump wild card. In the normal political universe,
Trump's extremism and fundamental unfitness for office should result in a
resounding defeat for Republicans - and threaten their majorities in Congress as
well.

Given America's evolving demographics - more than 50 per cent of the population
are non-white - Trump will need more of the white vote than even Mitt Romney
received four years ago. And not even Romney believes that is possible -
particularly if Republicans who love their party stay home in protest.

But in the back of the minds of many in Washington is this: if there is, say, a
horrific attack on the homeland in September or October, might the demagogue
inflame fears to such an extent that the country clamours for the Big Man theory
of history in seeking vengeance and security?

Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee. She has been strengthened by the
primary campaign against Bernie Sanders. Many in Washington believed she could
not come back - and yet she nailed it last Tuesday.

She is now a better candidate. Sanders has driven the party to the left on
economic issues - mission accomplished. And Clinton is beginning to benefit from
a dividend from Trump's parallel universe: that if the Republicans are going
over the cliff in an orgy of radical extremism, then the US surely needs the
most experienced, capable, responsible and measured person to lead. At least,
that's the hope.

Bruce Wolpe was on the Democratic staff in Congress in President Obama's first
term. He is a supporter of Hillary Clinton's campaign.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     July 3, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Life on the road suits Rockies' Galarraga: 'Cat' has hit the majority of his
homers this year away from the mile-high confines of Coors Field

BYLINE: IAN MACDONALD; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; ON DECK; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 789 words


Andres Galarraga celebrated his 36th birthday recently with a couple of key home
runs - on the road.

There is a tendency to belittle the hitting feats of the Colorado Rockies
because the mile-high environment at Coors Field in Denver creates a
hitter-friendly setting. However, "Cat" is not one of those who only hits a high
at home.

Sure, his average is 20-odd points better at home, but when the numbers are .355
against .333 on the road, no apologies are necessary. And speaking of homers,
Galarraga has hit 12 of his 21 long balls on the road, where he also has
contributed 35 RBIs.

Last year, Galarraga became only the 15th player to lead a major league in all
of the three triple-crown categories, although not in the same season, when he
led the NL in home runs (47) and RBIs (150). In 1993, he won the batting title
(.373).

That list, of course, includes the 11 triple-crown winners. In chronological
order, they were: Ty Cobb; Heinie Zimmerman; Rogers Hornsby (twice); Chuck
Klein; Jimmie Foxx; Lou Gehrig: Joe Medwick; Ted Williams (twice); Mickey
Mantle; Frank Robinson and Carl Yasztremski.

The other three who led in each category during their careers, not in the same
season, were Hall of Famers Joe DiMaggio, Willie Mays and Hank Aaron.

- - -

Ken Griffey Jr. now holds the all-time major-league records for home runs hit by
the end of April (13, this season); by the end of May (24, this season); and by
the end of June (32, in 1994). This season, Griffey also reached the 250 mark in
career homers at the age of 27 years, 5 months - the fourth-youngest ever to do
that, after Jimmie Foxx, Eddie Mathews and Mel Ott. Griffey has amassed his
totals despite missing more than 200 games because of injuries and work
stoppages. By the way, Griffey gets his first crack at Coors Field during the
final leg of inter-league play when the Mariners play in Denver late next month.

- - -

Dennis Eckersley recently passed former Expos standout Jeff Reardon as No. 2 on
the list of all-time career save leaders. Current Expo Lee Smith heads the list
by better than 100, but the 371 by Eckersley deserves more than passing
attention.

When Eckersley first pitched at Olympic Stadium he was the starter for the
American League in the 1982 All-Star game. With 20- and 17-win seasons already
under his belt as a starter with the Boston Red Sox, Eckersley was the AL
starter because he had pitched six complete games (three shutouts) in the first
half.

It was several years later, after 2 1/2 so-so seasons with the Chicago Cubs and
an over-all record of 149-130 as a starter, that Eckersley launched what would
become a more successful career as a reliever with the Oakland A's. He led the
AL with 45 saves in 1988, 48 in 1990 and 51, two years later. At age 42, he is
among the league leaders with the Cardinals this year at 18.

- - -

The only current National League manager to have been on the job with the same
team longer than the Expos' Felipe Alou (since May 22, 1992) is Bobby Cox, who
leads the Atlanta Braves into town for four games starting tomorrow evening. The
major-league leader in managerial longevity with the same club is Tom Kelly, of
the Minnesota Twins, who has had the job for 11 seasons. ... In 1976, the first
year of free agency, the average payroll of major-league teams was $ 1.2 million
U.S. This year (21 seasons later), more than 250 major-league players are making
at least that much. ... Earlier this season, the Blue Jays' Roger Clemens became
only the fifth among the 15 all-time highest-percentage (won-lost) pitchers to
have won 200 games. He joined Bob Carruthers, Whitey Ford, Lefty Grove and
Christy Mathewson. Clemens and the Yankees' Dwight Gooden are the only active
pitchers among the top 15 in all-time winning percentage.

- - -

Shortstop Orlando Cabrera, signed as a non-drafted, free-agent teenager four
years ago, is starting to draw serious attention throughout the Expos
organization. The 22-year-old Colombian, in his fifth season with the Expos, was
promoted from Class-A West Palm to Double-A Harrisburg last month and hasn't
missed a step - or a pitch for that matter. In 12 games with Harrisburg he is
hitting .417 (20-for-28) with nine doubles, three homers, 10 RBIs and 11 runs.
He has a .792 slugging average and a .472 on-base average. Before being
promoted, after Hiram Bocachica came up with a sore shoulder, Cabrera hit .373
over 14 games in June with nine doubles, two homers, seven RBIs and 15 runs.
Cabrera is equally adept at short and second, but there is some question about
whether he has a major-league arm from the shortstop hole. Cabrera is a good bet
to be named the Expos' organization player of the month for June.


LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 6, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Louisiana's Arrogant, Insulting Abortion Law

SECTION: Section A; Page 24, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 194 words


To the Editor:

''The Louisiana Legislature,'' a report datelined Baton Rouge, La., June 26,
begins, ''today adopted the strictest state abortion law in the nation,
prohibiting all abortions except those necessary to save the life of the
mother.''

You quote the bill's chief sponsor, State Senator Mike Cross, arguing against
rape and incest amendments because, ''A rape exception would lead to abortion on
demand.'' You report: ''He contended that women seeking an abortion could
falsely claim to have been raped.''

This attitude is arrogant, insulting and degrading to women. It belittles the
trauma of rape and the emotional and psychological difficulties women deal with
when reporting it, as well as denying the stigma attached to it.

Women are not cavalier in their decision about abortion. When a woman chooses to
have one, it is because she has determined that it is the best possible option
available. To refuse her the right to decide about her pregnancy is to discredit
her ability to make moral, sound judgments and, finally, to deny her full
personhood.

DIANA M. GURIEVA
Pres., Planned Parenthood of N.Y.C.
  New York, June 28, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              319 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 13, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Kent Goes On a Tear But Mum's The Word

BYLINE: By JENNIFER FREY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 15;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 625 words


Jeff Kent will not talk about the numbers. He does not want to discuss his
potential at the plate -- be it home runs, runs batted in or batting average --
and he won't even venture a guess as to why he has been so proficient this
spring.

In his mind, talk would somehow belittle the effort.

"It's not a groove, guys," said Kent, who is hitting .370 with two home runs and
nine runs batted in in the Mets' first seven games. "It's just playing every
day. You can talk about stats after 162 games. I don't want to talk about stats
now. I just want to go out there and play everyday."

Kent will never be voluble, like outfielder Ryan Thompson, the other player New
York acquired from Toronto in the David Cone trade less than two years ago. Kent
projects disdain for most questions from members of the news media, keeps
something of a distance between himself and most teammates and will never be a
vocal leader in the clubhouse.

The Dependable One

But he has already become a leader on the field. With excellent offensive
numbers in his first full season with the Mets -- Kent's 20 home runs and 81
r.b.i. were best in Mets history for a second baseman -- and a fast start this
spring, Kent has become the player the Mets depend on for offense. This has
particularly been the case during the absence of Bobby Bonilla, who is out at
least a week with a shoulder injury.

"Jeff has really taken a leadership role in the offensive lineup," said Manager
Dallas Green, who has great respect for Kent's work ethic. "There's no question
about that. He did it all spring and it looks like he's going to carry it into
the season."

Crowd Pleaser

In a disappointing home opener at Shea Stadium on Monday, Kent's three-run homer
in the bottom of the third inning brought the greatest enthusiasm from the
crowd.

Kent doubled again in the bottom of the eighth inning and when he came to the
plate in the ninth with two outs, two on and the Mets down a whopping four runs,
Cubs Manager Tom Trebelhorn thought he had to call in closer Randy Myers, even
though he already had left-handed Dan Plesac on the mound.

Kent worked Myers for a walk.

"It was only a 2-for-4 day," Kent said, dismissing his performance after the
Mets finished with a 9-5 loss to the Cubs. "Personally, today I don't feel that
great when we could have done more. I was disappointed in the loss."

The Mets had arrived home from their 4-2 road trip to Chicago and Houston only
16 hours or so before their game against the Cubs on Monday. Most of them did
not even have time to unpack their belongings. Kent, for one, slept on a bed
with no linens. He just covered the mattress with towels and crashed for the
night.

"We're all a little battered," said Kent, who was looking forward to the Mets'
day off yesterday, their first since arriving at spring training nearly two
months ago. "We got in from Houston, took a licking there, and it was a long
road trip. I think we can all use the day off."

INSIDE PITCH

ED LYNCH, special assistant to Mets General Manager JOE McILVAINE, will spend
the weekend in Florida scouting PAUL WILSON, a right-handed pitcher for Florida
State whom many consider the top prospect in the draft this June. The Mets have
five of the first 42 picks, including the No. 1 selection. . . . BRET SABERHAGEN
spent his day off shooting a scene for an ALBERT BROOKS's movie called "The
Scout" on location at Yankee Stadium. Saberhagen plays a pitcher discovered by
the title character. He pitched to a former Met, KEITH HERNANDEZ, for the scene.
. . . ERIC HILLMAN makes his second start of the season today when the Mets are
host to the Cubs at Shea Stadium. Saberhagen will face a former Met, ANTHONY
YOUNG, tomorrow. Both are day games.

NAME: Jeff Kent

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jeff Kent, who seems off to a fast start at the plate this
season, stroking a three-run homer on Monday. (Vic DeLucia/The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              320 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 27, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Danka proves not every deal ends happily

BYLINE: BOB TRIGAUX

SECTION: BUSINESS; COLUMN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 874 words



To everything, even in business, there is a season. But not necessarily a
profit.

Four years ago this fall, St. Petersburg's Danka Business Systems believed it
had made the big leagues by spending $ 684-million for Eastman Kodak Co.'s
high-end copier sales and service business and its 10,000 employees.

"We're looking to grow this business to $ 5-billion in revenues by the year
2000," said an ecstatic Dan Doyle - Danka founder and then-chief executive - in
1996.

Well, 2000 is coming to a close. Doyle is long gone from Danka. The company is
struggling to stay above $ 1 a share. And its revenues are lucky to be half of
what Doyle predicted.

That's only half the story.

When Danka bought Kodak's copier business in '96, copier industry giant Xerox
Corp. called up this newspaper to belittle Danka.

"We have seen a lot of competitors come and go," harrumphed Carlos Pascual, who
was then president of Xerox's customer operations for the Americas. "I am not
sure how this (Danka-Kodak deal) will work."

Sure, the Danka-Kodak deal was no winner. But Pascual missed the 18-wheeler
that's flattened Xerox. The shares of a company once touted as one of the
world's best have fallen 76 percent in the past year. Xerox now fights
bankruptcy rumors.

Confessed Xerox chairman Paul Allaire this month in a moment of clarity: His
company now realizes it had an "unsustainable business model." (And he doesn't
even run a dot-com!)

Danka and Xerox have plenty of company. A new book chronicles some of history's
home runs and whiffs in business dealmaking. A few Florida transactions even
make the cut and appear in The 50 Best (and Worst) Business Deals of All Time,
written by Michael Craig (Career Press).

Craig takes a broad view of business deals: He gives high marks to the Louisiana
Purchase in 1803, Ray Kroc's 1955 agreement to franchise McDonald's, Microsoft's
1980 purchase and license of DOS to IBM, and Priscilla Presley's move in 1982 to
take control of the Elvis Presley estate.

The author pans the Boston Red Sox's 1919 sale of Babe Ruth for $ 100,000 to the
New York Yankees, the 1968 merger of the Pennsylvania and New York Central
railroads, United Artists' 1980 production of the movie Heaven's Gate, and
Quaker Oats' 1994 acquisition of Snapple Beverage Co.

In Florida, Craig zings two deals.

In 1987, New York private investors Kohlberg Kravis Roberts bought into Tampa's
Walter Industries. KKR thought it had its financing in line, despite the rising
threat of asbestos lawsuits against Walter. When asset sales became impossible,
Walter had to file for bankruptcy. (Walter climbed out of that hole but is back
in deep trouble today.)

Last, but not least: NationsBank's 1997 purchase of Barnett Banks Inc.,
Florida's largest banking company. Craig called the deal overpriced and
underman-aged.

Many Floridians would not argue the point.

CASH-STRAPPED ATOP THE FOOD CHAIN? Last fall, a management buyout group led by
restaurant hotshot Tom E. DuPree Jr. unsuccessfully offered $ 151-million in
cash to take Avado Brands private. The public company, based in Madison, Ga., is
the parent of Tampa-founded Hops restaurants, Don Pablo's Mexican Kitchen
restaurants, McCormick & Schmick's seafood dinner houses and Canyon Cafe
restaurants.

What a difference a year makes.

Now DuPree, one of the restaurant industry's highest-compensated CEOs last year,
says he has $ 3,600 in cash and is unable to pay his bills.

"I cannot afford to pay all of my bills as they come due," DuPree said in a
Georgia child support and custody hearing in August, according to the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

DuPree owns a third of Avado's stock but claims $ 110-million in liabilities.

Among those keen on DuPree's financial status is Georgia Tech, his alma mater.

DuPree pledged $ 20-million to the school, which in turn named its DuPree
College of Management after him. DuPree is behind on payments to Tech, where he
flunked out twice before graduating in 1974.

Avado's stock price is not helping DuPree's predicament. From a high of $ 28.38
in 1996, the company's stock closed Thursday at 81 cents.

Short takes

Utek Corp., the Plant City start-up that went public this week, saw its stock
price fall Thursday right back to where it started: $ 6. The company recently
disclosed it had received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission
demanding information about Lexon Inc. Utek owns 924,973 shares of Lexon. . . .
The NAACP urged consumers to avoid some of the nation's leading banks, saying
they are not doing enough for black workers and businesses owned by blacks.
Fifteen surveyed banks received an overall grade of C-minus, with Bank of
America leading all grades with a B. Unresponsive SunTrust got an F for not
participating. . . . Economic development leaders from Tampa Bay will spend next
week in Silicon Valley, knocking on tech company doors. Their message: Tampa Bay
is cheaper, warmer and no longer just a retirement haven or tourist trap. Will
it work? When was the last time Silicon Valley leaders recruited around here
touting their astronomical housing costs, 24-hour gridlock and sweatshop
culture?

- Robert Trigaux can be reached at (727) 893-8405 or trigaux@sptimes.com.


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Photo of the book The 50 Best (and Worst) Business Deals
of All Time by Michael Craig.

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              321 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 12, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE OVERVIEW;
Amid Attacks, a Battle to Claim High Ground

BYLINE: By FRANK BRUNI

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, S.C., Feb. 11


Capping a week of ceaseless attacks in the Republican presidential race, Gov.
George W. Bush today recited a litany of what he said were contradictions
between Senator John McCain's words and actions, while Mr. McCain pledged to end
television advertisements that belittle Mr. Bush's character.

Mr. McCain, campaigning and raising money in New York City, said he wanted a
truce because he was so dismayed by the negative turn the contest had taken. He
challenged Mr. Bush to follow suit.

"We will run no attack, response or any kind of negative advertising for the
rest of this campaign," said Mr. McCain, who later pulled his attack ads in
South Carolina..

Mr. McCain released two television commercials early this week that compared Mr.
Bush's level of honesty to that of President Clinton's and that signaled an
increasingly bitter air war.

Mr. Bush implied that he would not change his strategy, saying he had not run
any truly negative commercials comparable with Mr. McCain's. He also dismissed
Mr. McCain's gesture as a political ploy.

"It's an old Washington trick, the bait-and-switch trick," Mr. Bush said. "He
runs an ad for 18 days defining me for something I'm not, then all of a sudden
says, 'O.K., let's all quit.' I'm going to make sure people understand exactly
what I believe, exactly where I stand."

The day's charges and countercharges reflected the importance of the Feb. 19
primary in South Carolina to both candidates.

But the exchanges also demonstrated each candidate's desire to grab hold of the
news coverage of the campaign, portray himself as the person of greater
integrity and muffle his opponent's words with an even stronger, more aggrieved
voice.

Mr. McCain's vow came as he released a commercial that highlighted his
experience as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, and Mr. Bush released a commercial
that lambasted Mr. McCain's campaign tactics.

"Politics is tough," Mr. Bush says in the advertisement, "but when John McCain
compared me to Bill Clinton and said I was untrustworthy, that's over the line."

Mr. McCain's pledge also came as one new poll suggested that his unfavorable
ratings among South Carolina voters had grown since he began likening Mr. Bush
to Mr. Clinton.

For much of the last seven days, the two men have traded accusations, including
insinuations in a Bush commercial that Mr. McCain accepted favors from people
who wanted his help in the Senate.

At a news conference on Kiawah Island this morning, Mr. Bush summarized his case
and made cutting mention of a McCain fund-raiser in Washington on Thursday
night.

"Last night, he passed the plate amongst the lobbyists and the special interests
that he rails against," Mr. Bush said. "I can just hear him now, 'Give 'em hell
and pass the hors d'oeuvres.' "

Mr. Bush noted that several newspapers had reported Mr. McCain's opposition to
donations from political action committees, but that Mr. McCain had accepted
hundreds of thousands of dollars of such contributions. Howard Opinsky, a
spokesman for Mr. McCain, said that those newspaper reports had mischaracterized
Mr. McCain's position.

"This is a man that stood up and said, 'I'm the only one who can stand next to
Al Gore on a stage and talk about campaign funding reform,' " Mr. Bush said on
Kiawah Island. "What I'm reminding people of is that he isn't the only one. I'm
better suited to campaign against Al Gore on campaign funding reform because I
haven't said one thing and done another."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              322 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 823 words


Kurt Warner threw for 351 yards Sunday, his fifth straight 300-yard game.

That's bad, not good, and demonstrates why Warner and the Arizona Cardinals
flunked the "ready for prime time" test in their 37-29 loss Sunday to the
Giants. To be an elite team, you have to be balanced - run and pass and be solid
on offense, defense and special teams.

By that standard, Arizona isn't ready yet. And despite its 10-0 start, Tennessee
might not be either, because it's a team that has benefited from a relatively
easy schedule and doesn't have enough offensive firepower to come back when an
opponent gets an early jump

This isn't to belittle the Cardinals, who are one of the feel-good stories of
2008.

But while chuckling at Detroit, the current symbol of NFL futility, remember
that the Cardinals have been the Lions for the better part of six decades,
wandering from Chicago to St. Louis to the desert. When Arizona clinches the NFC
West and plays a home playoff game, it will be its first since the Chicago
Cardinals won the NFL championship game in 1947.

Ken Whisenhunt knows how much progress was needed.

"That's a well-coached football team with a tremendous amount of depth that
doesn't make many mistakes," the Cardinals coach said after losing to the Super
Bowl champions. "To me that was the key today. We just made too many mistakes."

The "well-coached" also applies to Arizona. Whisenhunt led the Cardinals to an
8-8 mark last season, only their third non-losing record in 23 years. He is now
15-12 in less than two seasons and is probably on his way to being the best
coach the franchise has had since Don Coryell went 42-29-1 from 1973-77 in St.
Louis.

But the "depth" does not apply to the Cardinals. Nor does lack of mistakes. Nor
does balance.

Yes, this was Warner's fifth straight 300-plus yards passing game and the second
time the Cardinals lost in that stretch. In fact, nearly half the QBs who throw
for 300 yards do so in losing efforts - either their team can't run or they are
in catch-up mode.

Both those conditions applied to Warner on Sunday.

The Cardinals ran for just 23 yards and basically gave up trying, leaving Warner
to throw 52 times.

He completed 32 passes, but took a horrendous beating in the process and turned
over the ball twice - a fumble after a sack that led to a New York touchdown and
an interception that led to a field goal. In other words, 10 points in a game
that Arizona lost by nine.

By contrast, Eli Manning was a much more efficient 26-of-33 for 240 yards and
three TDs, numbers far more indicative of a winning effort than Warner's.

The Giants also won the special teams battle, getting kickoff returns of 83 and
68 yards from Domenik Hixon that set up 10 more points. And Hixon is an example
of the depth Whisenhunt mentioned. Not only did he have those returns, but Hixon
filled in after injured Plaxico Burress left early and led New York with six
catches.

Tennessee?

It wasn't just that the Titans lost for the first time, because every team
throws in a clunker, as the Giants did five weeks ago in Cleveland. It was that
they were pushed around so badly by the Jets, who controlled the ball for more
than 40 minutes and were clearly the better team.

The Jets also exploited weaknesses: a banged-up secondary and a very ordinary
receiving corps that the 10-0 record tended to obscure. Brett Favre picked apart
a defense that had been allowing just 13 points a game with short passes,
negating a pass rush that intimidated other opponents.

In fact, Favre is one reason why Tennessee may not be the power we thought.

With the exception of Favre, Peyton Manning and Carson Palmer, the Titans
haven't faced a top quarterback. And they faced Palmer in the wind and Manning
while he still was recovering from his knee problems. Not counting the Colts,
who have just started to win with regularity, they really hadn't played a
quality opponent until the Jets - do you count Minnesota, Green Bay and Chicago,
slightly better than average sides jumbled in the NFC North?

Moreover, where Eli Manning simply took over when Arizona stacked to stop the
run, Tennessee couldn't do that to the Jets because its receiving corps isn't
nearly as deep as New York's.

On the other hand, maybe it was the "due to lose" syndrome. There certainly
seemed to be a sense or relief among the Titans, who should almost surely
improve to 11-1 at Detroit this week.

"We got embarrassed at home," linebacker Keith Bulluck said. "It's time for us
to turn the heat up. A lot of these teams are in playoff mode, and we were
sitting there at 10-0. Now it's time for us to get back to the ball that we were
playing in the first five, six and seven games of the season."

That shouldn't be a problem against the next three opponents: the Lions, Browns
and Texans. And by the time the Titans get to the Steelers and Colts, they
probably won't need the wins.

But the playoffs may be another story.

(Dave Goldberg is a sportswriter for The Associated Press)

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Cards not ready for prime time yet Tennessee needs more balance to play with big
boys

BYLINE: Dave Goldberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 823 words


Kurt Warner threw for 351 yards Sunday, his fifth straight 300-yard game.

That's bad, not good, and demonstrates why Warner and the Arizona Cardinals
flunked the "ready for prime time" test in their 37-29 loss Sunday to the
Giants. To be an elite team, you have to be balanced - run and pass and be solid
on offense, defense and special teams.

By that standard, Arizona isn't ready yet. And despite its 10-0 start, Tennessee
might not be either, because it's a team that has benefited from a relatively
easy schedule and doesn't have enough offensive firepower to come back when an
opponent gets an early jump

This isn't to belittle the Cardinals, who are one of the feel-good stories of
2008.

But while chuckling at Detroit, the current symbol of NFL futility, remember
that the Cardinals have been the Lions for the better part of six decades,
wandering from Chicago to St. Louis to the desert. When Arizona clinches the NFC
West and plays a home playoff game, it will be its first since the Chicago
Cardinals won the NFL championship game in 1947.

Ken Whisenhunt knows how much progress was needed.

"That's a well-coached football team with a tremendous amount of depth that
doesn't make many mistakes," the Cardinals coach said after losing to the Super
Bowl champions. "To me that was the key today. We just made too many mistakes."

The "well-coached" also applies to Arizona. Whisenhunt led the Cardinals to an
8-8 mark last season, only their third non-losing record in 23 years. He is now
15-12 in less than two seasons and is probably on his way to being the best
coach the franchise has had since Don Coryell went 42-29-1 from 1973-77 in St.
Louis.

But the "depth" does not apply to the Cardinals. Nor does lack of mistakes. Nor
does balance.

Yes, this was Warner's fifth straight 300-plus yards passing game and the second
time the Cardinals lost in that stretch. In fact, nearly half the QBs who throw
for 300 yards do so in losing efforts - either their team can't run or they are
in catch-up mode.

Both those conditions applied to Warner on Sunday.

The Cardinals ran for just 23 yards and basically gave up trying, leaving Warner
to throw 52 times.

He completed 32 passes, but took a horrendous beating in the process and turned
over the ball twice - a fumble after a sack that led to a New York touchdown and
an interception that led to a field goal. In other words, 10 points in a game
that Arizona lost by nine.

By contrast, Eli Manning was a much more efficient 26-of-33 for 240 yards and
three TDs, numbers far more indicative of a winning effort than Warner's.

The Giants also won the special teams battle, getting kickoff returns of 83 and
68 yards from Domenik Hixon that set up 10 more points. And Hixon is an example
of the depth Whisenhunt mentioned. Not only did he have those returns, but Hixon
filled in after injured Plaxico Burress left early and led New York with six
catches.

Tennessee?

It wasn't just that the Titans lost for the first time, because every team
throws in a clunker, as the Giants did five weeks ago in Cleveland. It was that
they were pushed around so badly by the Jets, who controlled the ball for more
than 40 minutes and were clearly the better team.

The Jets also exploited weaknesses: a banged-up secondary and a very ordinary
receiving corps that the 10-0 record tended to obscure. Brett Favre picked apart
a defense that had been allowing just 13 points a game with short passes,
negating a pass rush that intimidated other opponents.

In fact, Favre is one reason why Tennessee may not be the power we thought.

With the exception of Favre, Peyton Manning and Carson Palmer, the Titans
haven't faced a top quarterback. And they faced Palmer in the wind and Manning
while he still was recovering from his knee problems. Not counting the Colts,
who have just started to win with regularity, they really hadn't played a
quality opponent until the Jets - do you count Minnesota, Green Bay and Chicago,
slightly better than average sides jumbled in the NFC North?

Moreover, where Eli Manning simply took over when Arizona stacked to stop the
run, Tennessee couldn't do that to the Jets because its receiving corps isn't
nearly as deep as New York's.

On the other hand, maybe it was the "due to lose" syndrome. There certainly
seemed to be a sense or relief among the Titans, who should almost surely
improve to 11-1 at Detroit this week.

"We got embarrassed at home," linebacker Keith Bulluck said. "It's time for us
to turn the heat up. A lot of these teams are in playoff mode, and we were
sitting there at 10-0. Now it's time for us to get back to the ball that we were
playing in the first five, six and seven games of the season."

That shouldn't be a problem against the next three opponents: the Lions, Browns
and Texans. And by the time the Titans get to the Steelers and Colts, they
probably won't need the wins.

But the playoffs may be another story.

(Dave Goldberg is a sportswriter for The Associated Press)

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 24, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Air Carter needs to find himself

BYLINE:  Jon Saraceno

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 639 words


No wonder Vince Carter resents being compared to Michael Jordan.
He should realize how ridiculous it is to try and fill Air Jordan's
big swoosh.

VC the next MJ? Air Carter, my foot.

Hold the magazine covers. Put a lid on the Gatorade commercials.


That isn't to belittle one of the bright young stars in a dimmed
NBA galaxy. He is 23, just in his second season. But before anyone
is again tempted to anoint him as the next Michael Jordan supernova,
he has got plenty of work in becoming the first Vince Carter.
Slam-dunk contests are cake; playoffs are career-defining.

On Easter Sunday, the NBA's superstar-in-waiting quickly saw how
truly meaningless the regular season is when he laid a Raptor-sized
egg on national TV. Uptight and anything but outta sight in a
pressurized, hostile environment, Carter anxiously missed his
first dozen shots. It was a back-to-earth moment and no way to
start a best-of-five series on the road.

That New York eventually held off Toronto was hardly a Rubik's
hoops cube to solve. The defensive-minded Knicks got to the Finals
a year ago; the inconsistent Raptors got to the postseason for
the first time. Pregame, NBC's Isiah Thomas practically laughed
himself off the set when he smiled broadly and said the Raptors
"are going to get beat bad today."

Bad grammar aside, who could disagree? Particularly after Butch
Carter, Toronto's coach, was nominated (by yours truly) for the
Dumb Timing Award.

On Friday, Carter created a distraction when he filed a $ 5 million
lawsuit against Marcus Camby, a former Raptor and current Knick.
The anti-defamation litigation was socked to Camby days after
he called his former coach a liar, saying that "no one likes
him and no one wants to play for him."

Maybe the coach's frivolous lawsuit was designed to take the hot
Big Apple spotlight off kids like Carter and Tracy McGrady, 20.
Perhaps he was trying to get under Camby's skin. It might have
worked; he finished with four points and five fouls. Twice, Camby
glared at Carter, once reportedly mouthing an obscenity. In any
case, Carter has no better chance of winning the suit than the
Raptors do of advancing to the conference final. Judge Judy would
laugh Butchie out of court.

If the game's outcome wasn't startling, the way the curtain fell
hard on the league's hyped showstopper in his playoff debut on
the big stage certainly was.

Carter finished fourth in scoring in the NBA, averaging 25.7 points
and often punctuating his performances with rip-roaring dunks,
chest-pounding theatrics and primal screams. He had been even
more spectacular against the Knicks, shooting 60% while scoring
30, 29, 33 and 34 in three victories.

Sure, Carter's got game, but it must have failed to clear customs
over the weekend. When he went to nervously unpack it at Madison
Square Garden, nothing came out but the clang of metal.

The Knicks aggressively smothered Carter, hemming him in with
Latrell Sprewell and Larry Johnson. Before the series, Sprewell
vowed: "I'll be up in his jock -- no layups, no dunks." Johnson,
trying to worm his way into Carter's young, impressionable head,
suggested that guarding the phenom didn't terrorize him nearly
as much as the thought of trying to contain MJ in his heyday.

The psych job worked. By the time a pressing Carter sank his first
bucket, it was getting late. Real late. Would you believe fourth-quarter
late? Worse yet, after the Raptors had erased a 19-point deficit,
Carter missed a free throw with 40 seconds left and Toronto trailing
88-85, then missed a critical, makeable finger roll. Final tally:
16 points, including 3-of-20 shooting.

"I wasn't my normal self," he said.

Game 2 is Wednesday. It is must-win for Toronto.

VC has time to find his own bad self.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              325 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        AUGUST 9, 1996 Friday SF EDITION

CLINTON BELITTLES DOLE'S TAX PLAN, SAYING THE NATION CAN ILL AFFORD CUTS< HE
ATTACKED THE GOP PROPOSAL ON A CAMPAIGN TRIP.< HE ALSO URGED ELECTION OF A
DEMOCRATIC CONGRESS.

BYLINE: John M. Broder, LOS ANGELES TIMES, This article contains information
from the Associated Press.

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 407 words

DATELINE: SALINAS, Calif.


President Clinton yesterday likened Bob Dole's $548 billion tax-cut proposal to
a gluttonous trip to a candy store and vowed that he would not propose any tax
decreases that are not fully funded.

Speaking on the steps of Salinas City Hall, Clinton said that the nation cannot
afford Dole's call for a 15 percent across-the-board cut in income tax rates.

While Dole's plan does include some real budget reductions, his advisers and
aides have said that economic growth, stimulated by the tax-rate cut, would make
up for much of the lost tax dollars.

"You'll hear a lot of talk between now and November about tax cuts and how much
we should have and whether we can afford them - and they all sound good," the
President said.

"It's like going to the candy store - you know, I'll have some of that, some of
that, some of that, some of that. But if you eat it all at once, you might get
sick. So I say to you, it may not be popular, but I will not advocate any cut in
taxes in this election that cannot be paid for," Clinton said.

Clinton said he supports "targeted" tax cuts - to subsidize higher education and
the adoption of children, among others.

Earlier in the day, Clinton courted the support of organized labor with an
address by satellite to a United Steelworkers Union convention in Pittsburgh.

He urged the delegates not only to vote for him, but also to return Congress to
Democratic control. Clinton often criticizes the Republicans, who dominate both
houses of Congress, but seldom explicitly advocates throwing them out.

Yesterday, however, he told the highly partisan labor organization - which has
endorsed his reelection - that their rights are not safe as long as the GOP
controls Capitol Hill.

"You remember what they tried to do," he said. "How they shut the government
down twice. What they tried to do to Medicare and Medicaid, education and the
environment. Unless we win the presidential election and change the composition
of the Congress, they'll keep trying it over and over and over again."

Clinton picked up the endorsement of the International Union of Police
Associations. "You promised us a lot, Mr. President, and like no one else before
you, you delivered," said union chief Sam Cabral.

The event was designed to attract local media attention and capitalize on
voters' concern about crime. Clinton touted new Justice Department statistics
showing a decrease in juvenile crime.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 31, 1978, Sunday, Final Edition


Davis Belittles Self But Has No Fear Of Notre Dame Myth

BYLINE: By Leonard Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; H4

LENGTH: 807 words

DATELINE: DALLAS, Dec. 30, 1978


University of Houston quarterback Danny Davis arrived at a Cotton Bowl press
conference this week immaculate in a smartly cut conservative three-piece suit.

"We weren't too impressive late in the season," he told the media, "so I figured
I better look impressive, at least."

He was asked if he had heard all the nice things several Notre Dame players had
been saying about him in the week-long build-up to Monday's Cotton Bowl, (2
p.m., WDVM-TV-9).

"I can't for thelife of me understand why they worry about me," he insisted.
"I'm just a little bitty guy who's not very fast.  All I do is hand off."

And when someone wondered aloud why he had been voted the Southwest Conference
first-team quarterback, he shot back, "I think I got the sympathy vote."

If all of this sounds like the prelude to a sting, that is precisely what Davis,
5-foot-11, 183-pound senior from Dallas, clearly had in mind.

He describes this affair as a battle between David and Goliath, the city school
Houston with the 21st century campus and the underdog football team against God,
Gipp and the green monster known as Notre Dame, the most famous football program
in the land.

Then Danny Davis winks, allows a sly little grin to cross his face and comes
clean.

"Everybody says they symbolize football, but I'm not scared or awed about
playing Notre Dame," he said.  "They sure don't intimidate me.

I've played against big teams before.  I don't pay the Gipper no attention at
all.  I'm not concerned about myths.  All my life I had to overcome the long
odds.  I kind of enjoy it."

And thrives on it.

Davis once peddled Cokes in the Cotton Bowl stands on football Saturdays, before
shifting to the field at Carter High School in Dallas.

"When I came to Houston," he said "I had my doubts about playing.  They had a
ton of quarterbacks and every one of them was bigger than me and faster than me.
I knew I was going to have to work a little harder."

So, as a sophomore, there was Danny Davis, running the veer offense invented by
his coach.  Bill Yeoman, and leading Houston to its first Southwest Conference
championship and a Cotton Bowl victory over Maryland.

That Cotton Bowl game is best remembered for one phenomenal play toward the end.
The Terrapins had allied from an early 21/3 deficit to 27-21 with 8:46 left.

Three minutes later, on third and six from his 11.  Davis dropped back to pass,
escaped from a half-dozen Maryland defenders in his end zone and completed a
pass for 11 yards and a first down.

Houston kept the ball until a field goal with 18 seconds clinched the victory,
and Davis was carriedoff the field.

"I remember the play," he said.  "They all grabbed at me and got nothing but
air.  Yeah, that was sweet."

But things turned sour for Davis as a junior.  His shoulder was separated
against UCLA and he sat out 10 games.  Houston slipped from 10-2 to 6-5, then
came back with Davis at quarterback to win nine of its 11 games this season,
including a 10-7 victory over Texas at Austin.

Houston has a 21-5 record with Davis starting at quarterback.  He is fourth on
the school's all-time career total offense list.  Most of all, says Yeoman, "he
is a winner, pure and simple."

That description also describes his off-field activities.  Three years ago,
Davis' 26-yard-old brother, Sammy, died of a drug overdose.  The two were close.
Since, Davis has been extremely active as a speaker, coach and counsellor in a
number of Dallas drug abuse programs.

"One of these days," he told the Dallas Times-Herald, "I'd like to go one on one
with a dope pusher.  I'd like to find out what they're really made of.  Why?
What's their bag?" I can't get the answers I want just talking to users or the
little pushers being used because of their habits."

There is something else Davis would like: a shot at professional football, even
though most scouts tell him he is probably too small and too slow to play
regularly at quarterback.

"He runs the veer offense as well as anyone in the country," says the Dallas
Cowboys' director of personnel, Gil Brandt." His height is a big factor.  And
they run the ball so much, it's also hard to evaluate what kind of passer he is.
But I think he's an athlete-maybe a receiver or defensive back.  He should get
drafted."

Davis doesn't like to hear that.

"I think I could play quarterback or anything else they'd want me to do, even a
headhunter," he said.  "When they tell me I'm too small.  I've been doing stuff
guys 6-1, 6-3 and 6-7 do and nobody's complained.

"Anytime you can take an offense and win with it like we have, that guy doing
the directing should be considered an athlete.  I've been talented enough to run
and throw, but i'm sure not worried about it.

"Sure I'm a little guy, but that doesn't mean I can't play.

Notre Dame will find that outon New Year's Day.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              327 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 1, 1998, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

PRO GOLF;
Duval seeing dollar signs entering Buick

BYLINE: Glenn Sheeley

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: Pine Mountain


Soggy but still sensational, the Callaway Gardens' Mountain View Course accepts
its best field for the start of today's $ 1.5 million Buick Challenge.

After the remains of Hurricane Georges drenched the course for two days and
scrubbed the pro-am Wednesday, 20 of the PGA Tour's top 30 money-winners finally
are leaving the range to begin a final month of positioning for the
season-ending Tour Championship at Atlanta's East Lake Golf Club.

For players such as leading money-winner David Duval, who already has won a
record $ 2,070,283 and three events, the money title is genuinely coveted.
Player of the year would be unlikely, with Mark O'Meara holding the hardware
from two majors, but finishing No. 1 in money is something in his control. The
winner of six events since last October, Duval holds a $ 308,600 lead over PGA
winner Vijay Singh, who also is in the Callaway field.

"Right now, it's very important," Duval said Wednesday. "If you'd want to swap a
major for the money title, I'd probably do that. That's not to belittle the
majors, but only one person a year can win. The money title is completely
objective. You can just go out and do it yourself. There's no favoritism or
popularity involved."

Duval is playing his first PGA Tour event since a victory Aug. 30 in the NEC
World Series of Golf, but he contended the following week in Paris at the
European Tour's Trophee Lancome. Next week, he begins three consecutive title
defenses --- Kingsmill, Walt Disney and the Tour Championship.

He's playing Callaway, however, solely for enjoyment. At this time of the year a
splendid golf course and pleasant surroundings become the tiebreaker.

"Everybody who comes here knows the golf course is going to be perfect and
beautifully manicured," Duval said. "Word gets out. You have 20 of the top 30
this year, and I'll bet next year you'll have one or two more."

Such stout reviews were the draw for Tom Watson, who has not played the
tournament since a 1973 appearance at Green Island Country Club for the Southern
Open. He also required at least one more event for his minimum 15 events
entering the Tour Championship.

"I'd heard from fellow pros and my caddie, Bruce Edwards, who caddied here for
Scott Hoch, that I'd really like the golf course, and they were right," said
Watson, who walked the course Tuesday. "The golf course is wonderful. It's nice
to play a golf course where you don't have houses to the right and left of you."
Notes: Steve Stricker, ninth in money, withdrew Wednesday, along with John
Adams, Dudley Hart, Rocco Mediate, Lee Porter and Bruce Fleisher. . . . Lift,
clean and place rules might be used today. . . . Georgia Tech's Matt Kuchar
termed himself "kind of run down" after his tie for 26th Tuesday in the
Ping/Golfweek Preview Classic at Hazeltine, Minn.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Tom Watson was drawn by good reviews of the Mountain View Course.
 Graphic :
 1998 BUICK CHALLENGE
 Where: Callaway Gardens Resort, Pine Mountain, Mountain View Course
 (7,057 yards, par 72, designed by Dick Wilson/Joe Lee).
 When: Today through Sunday.
 TV: ESPN --- Friday 1:30-3:30 p.m.; Saturday 4:30-6:30 p.m; Sunday 4:30
 to 7 p.m.
 Purse: $ 1.5 million ($ 270,000 to winner).
 Defending champion: Davis Love III.
 Tickets: Daily $ 15, weekly $ 70 (706-663-9860).
 Directions: From Atlanta, take I-85 South to I-185, then continue south
 to Exit 14 (Pine Mountain). Turn left on U.S. Highway 27 and go 11 miles
 to Callaway Gardens.
 Graphic :
 CHARTING THE BUICK CHALLENGE FIELD
 Player..........1997.. Comment
 Davis Love III..1st....Victory was his first in native Georgia.
 David Duval... DNP....First PGA Tour event since winning NEC Aug. 30.
 Justin Leonard..DNP....Runner-up to Hal Sutton at San Antonio on Sunday.
 Stewart Cink....2nd....Needs strong finish to move into top 30.
 Vijay Singh... T37th..PGA Champ playing here between European trips.
 Jim Furyk..... DNP....Last top 10 was tie for fourth at British.
 Mark Calcavecchia..DNP..Defends at Sarazen World Open in five weeks.
 Hal Sutton......T3rd.. Shared 36-hole lead with Love last year.
 Scott Hoch......DNP....Co-runner-up to Hubert Green at 1984 event.
 Billy Andrade.. MC... Canadian Open winner stands 41st on money list.
 Glen Day........MC... Went from slow-play, to big-pay reputation.
 Billy Mayfair.. T52nd..Two-time winner this year at L.A., Buick Open.
 Payne Stewart.. DNP....Four top 10 appearances at previous site.
 Jeff Sluman... MC... Milwaukee winner finished fourth in '95 Challenge.
 Steve Elkington..MC.. '94 champion back after five-week layoff.
 Bob Estes..... T37th..12 rounds in the 60s over last four paychecks.
 Tom Watson......DNP.. Course's reputation put event on his schedule.
 Jeff Maggert....DNP.. Four top 10s in last seven tournaments.
 Steve Lowery....T3rd..Sunday sensation with closing 60 last year.
 Brandel Chamblee..T6th..Won his first Tour event at Vancouver last month.
 Frank Nobilo....T52nd..Greensboro 5th only top on PGA Tour.
 Fred Funk..... T17th..Second to Love on all-time tournament money list.
 Corey Pavin... DNP.. On comeback road with 10th at Texas.
 Matt Kuchar... DNP.. First..Tour event since deciding to stay amateur.
 T: tied; DNP: did not play; MC: missed cut-- Compiled by Glenn Sheeley

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              328 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 7, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

When Your Taxes Support Someone Else's Views

BYLINE: By Edwin M. Yoder

SECTION: Outlook; Topic A; B8

LENGTH: 754 words


The Supreme Court's already difficult job of explaining itself on church-state
issues is made no easier when eminent officials belittle or distort its
decisions.

When the court ruled last week against three programs of public aid to sectarian
education, no less a personage than the U.S. secretary of education, William
Bennett, said that he found its "fastidious disdain for religion . . . hard to
fathom."

But you may be sure that the majority justices do not think of their
compunctions as "disdain for religion." On the contrary, one longstanding
justification for the strict separation of church and state is the aim of
protecting religion from abuse or dilution by political authority.

Bennett, who is trained as a lawyer, should choose his words more carefully. As
he surely knows, result-oriented reactions to Supreme Court opinions can be
misleading. Their essence often lies less in the result than in the reasoning
that underlies it.

Bennett was not the only sinner. With less excuse, Chief Justice Warren Burger
sows equal confusion in a blustery dissent charging that "under the guise of
protecting Americans from the evils of an established church such as those of
the 18th century and earlier times, today's decisions will deny schoolchildren
desperately needed remedial teaching services." Burger further suggests that "it
borders on paranoia to perceive the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Bishop of
Rome lurking behind programs that are just as vital to the nation's
schoolchildren as textbooks."

If, as Burger seems to believe, the establishment clause only banned "an
established church such as those of the 18th century and earlier," the justices
who discover more subtle difficulties in it could well be charged with wasting
their time.

But the establishment clause speaks not of an established church but of "an
establishment of religion." There is a big difference, and many
far-from-feebleminded people have found those words somewhat less than
self-interpreting. (James Madison complained bitterly that the First Congress
was getting off on the wrong foot when, even as it framed the First Amendment,
it proceeded to provide for paid congressional chaplains.)

In the cases before the court last week, three distinct systems of tax support
of religious schools were under challenge. Grand Rapids, Mich., had for about 10
years sent public school teachers into private schools to provide "remedial"
instruction in "leased" classrooms from which all religious symbols and insignia
had been removed. Grand Rapids was also supporting an after-hours enrichment
program taught by parochial-school faculties themselves. In the companion case,
New York City was providing supplementary services under Title I of the U.S.
Education Act to students (including the handicapped) in parochial schools.

No one questions the value of the programs or the value of religious education.
Neither was or is under attack. Tax subsidy was.

If you read Justice William Brennan's majority opinions you may find much to
question -- such as the rather hazy notion that the Grand Rapids subsidy
programs promote a "symbolic" connection between church and state in the minds
of impressionable schoolchildren. Such symbolism may be entirely suppositious.

It is not supposition, however, that such subsidies do foster the ultimate aim
of sectarian schools, which is the advancement of religion, and do "entangle"
sectarian and secular purposes and authority -- all in ways that the court has
condemned in the past. As Justice Powell wisely adds, there is also a danger
that the furious arguments such programs spawn will foster religious
"divisiveness."

It is frivolous to find in the court's view of these difficult issues of public
policy a "disdain for religion" or fear of the influence of the archbishop of
Canterbury. (The chief justice was perhaps attempting wit.)

A case for subsidizing lower-grade sectarian schools might be made, since the
court has not yet found that similar aid to religious colleges violates the
establishment clause. The problem, however, is this: using your taxes to foster
someone else's religious views and practices has been a hotly contested practice
on these shores from the earliest colonial times. There are those who
passionately believe that the establishment clause, applied in context, was
designed to end the practice.

Given such differences, what we have is not borderline paranoia but -- at the
very least -- a hard problem in constitutional interpretation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              329 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 17, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Legislators Oppose Marilyn Manson Concert

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: SYRACUSE


A group of Onondaga County legislators is threatening to cut $30,000 from a
local theater's financing unless it cancels a November concert by the shock-rock
group Marilyn Manson, which has stirred opposition nationwide with songs about
Satanism, suicide and sex.

Mayor Roy Bernardi of Syracuse and a local Catholic group are also trying to
keep the band from performing at the Landmark Theater on Nov. 19. Tickets went
on sale yesterday.

The legislative leader, William Sanford, said taxpayer dollars should not help
support performances that "demean, belittle, degrade, ridicule, attack."

Landmark officials at first said they would not bow to pressure. However, a
theater official, Dennis Snow, said yesterday that the threat may prompt them to
reconsider. "Losing $30,607 would be devastating," he said. "However, it would
be difficult for us to cancel this, especially since we figured it would
probably sell out. Now, with all this publicity, I'm sure it will sell out."

Not all local politicians oppose the concert. "If you don't like Marilyn Manson,
don't buy a ticket," said County Executive Nicholas Pirro, a Republican.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 1, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Black and White Revisited;
Police Are Real Targets Of Vigils at Drug Locations

SECTION: Section 14; Page 13; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 189 words



To the Editor:

Capt. Kenneth McGrath of the 52d police precinct seems to belittle the 10-year
effort of Msgr. John Jenik of praying in front of known drug dealers ("Priest's
Hour to Reappraise," Jan. 4).

Captain McGrath should know that he and the Police Department are the real
targets of these protests: they point up the failure of the police to rid these
neighborhoods of drug dealing. Similar efforts of the 10 churches of Harlem
Initiatives the last two years in West Harlem have met with similar weak
responses from the police.

The vaunted efforts of Mayor Giuliani and Police Commissioner Howard Safir with
the Northern Manhattan Initiative have resulted in the shift of drug dealers
from one block to the next. The problem remains, as does the residents'
frustration.

The priests are not paid to eliminate drug dealers; the police are. While I
honor the memory of Officer Sean Carrington and others who have given their
lives, overall the police seem to be either unwilling or unable to eliminate
drug dealers from our neighborhoods.

REV. THOMAS B. FENLON
Pastor
Our Lady of Lourdes Church West Harlem

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              331 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 15, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Newark Students, Both Good and Bad, Make Do

BYLINE: By FELICIA R. LEE,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1386 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, May 13


Every morning at Malcolm X Shabazz High School, before Shakespeare or algebra,
all 1,215 students form four jagged lines to be patted down for weapons in this
South Side neighborhood of vacant lots and ramshackle buildings.

At the end of the day, scholars and troublemakers alike file out to a street
guarded by four police officers and blocked off on either end to deter fights
and to stop students in stolen cars from zipping by. In the hours between, both
teachers and students concede that they mostly make do.

Students sleep in class, they threaten each other in the grafitti-scarred
hallways, they belittle the good students. Most freshmen enter with fifth-grade
math and reading skills. Almost all the students are coping with problems like
caring for babies, dealing with incarcerated parents and surviving gang
violence. On any given day, almost one-fifth are absent.

As New Jersey education officials moved closer this week to seizing control of
Shabazz and the rest of the Newark school system, their actions fueled a bitter
debate about the best way to educate poor students in the state's largest school
system.

Parents, teachers and students say that few outside their struggling communities
understand the difficulties that thwart efforts to provide or to receive a
quality education, difficulties that they say resonate far beyond the walls of
any of the 80 schools in the Newark district.

"We're talking about levels of a problem," said Mary G. Bennett, the Shabazz
principal. "Only one level is at the school. The other level is the community
and the society."

In conversations at Shabazz, those connected with the school were candid in
their assessment that the district needs to do far better with the money and
personnel it has. But they are not sure what the state has to offer.

"My view on these jokers trying to take over is 'How can they take over the
school when they can't take over the neighborhood?' " said Obar McGill, a
17-year-old 11th grader who sits on the student council. "It's not the school;
it's the environment. You got some smart kids who want to learn and then you got
some knuckleheads that bring guns to schools."

Maryam Bey, the first vice president of the Parent-Teacher-Student Association
at Shabazz, said the majority of parents in the mostly black school felt caught
in the middle of an ugly political struggle that had little to do with what is
best for their children.

"I'm resentful that we have the question of a state takeover," said Mrs. Bey,
who has three children who attended Shabazz. "Parents and people in the
community should elect people who make decisions over the lives of their
children. If we look at the test scores, if we look at school conditions, if we
look at low teacher morale, you can determine if the superintendent has been
responsible."

Waheedah Beyah, who graduated from the school in the 1960's and has a daughter
graduating from the school next month, added: "These children have unique
problems. The teachers need to be retrained to know the problems of the
students. Teach them ethics, bring in mentors, just give the children some kind
of incentive."

Malcolm X Shabazz opened in 1914 as South Side High School. By 1972 it had been
renamed for the fiery former Nation of Islam leader. More profoundly, those
years saw a change from a mostly affluent white neighborhood to an integrated,
middle-class community and then to a virtually all-black and poor neighborhood.

Drugs, Violence and AIDS

Today, the school sits near Route I-78 and across from a vacant lot that is
supposed to be turned into an athletic field. Ninety-six percent of the students
are black and four percent are Hispanic, mostly Puerto Rican. Four housing
projects feed into the school and 70 percent of the students are eligible for a
free or reduced-cost lunch because of their family income.

"We are called upon to play a role that goes far beyond what is reflected in
test scores," said Ms. Bennett, a self-described Type-A personality who walks
the hallways picking up litter, scolding laggards and cooing encouragement to
good students. "I have youngsters who come in bedraggled, hurt and angry. There
is a lot of death due to drugs, due to violence, due to AIDS."

Last year, for example, 15 percent of the freshmen had already lost their
mothers. One-third were repeating their freshman year because of various
personal and academic problems, including being incarcerated.

Question Need for School

Almost every year, a violent end awaits one member of the freshman class. Last
October it was 16-year-old Rasheed Sharif, who stole a car one Saturday night
and ended up dead.

Ms. Bennett recalled that in his last conversation with her about the importance
of school Mr. Sharif said: "I ain't about it. I don't want to be here."

Too many other children think like he did, Ms. Bennett said.

Cephas Pritchett, 15, a freshman, insisted that there was no need for high
school. Mr. Pritchett, who said that his father was in jail and that his mother
did not do anything, smirked as his fellow students in a science class described
how they wanted to be the first in their families to go to college.

"What school teach you that you don't already know?" he said. "I know math; I
know how to read. When you go to college, you probably still can't get a job."
He added, "I don't care about school."

Ismil LaMar, 14, a freshman, said that he wanted to be a lawyer so that he could
send people to jail. He believes that college is the only way to avoid the
forces that swallowed the dreams of so many around him.

"Too many people in my family got put in jail for selling drugs," he said.

On Thursday, as the State Education Commissioner, Dr. Mary Lee Fitzgerald, moved
to take fiscal control of the Newark schools, some Shabazz students sat in focus
groups to talk about the peer pressure and other problems that bedevil their
lives. They knew little about events in Trenton, where Dr. Fitzgerald appointed
a special auditor to oversee the district's business and financial operations,
with veto power over spending greater than $20,000.

Dr. Fitzgerald also released a detailed report that she said documented chronic
failings in the school system. State education officials say that money has been
misspent, that student proficiency is low and that the truancy rate has been as
high as 49 percent.

'No Respect for Education'

In recent years, the district's per-pupil spending has been higher than the
state average, but combined scores on the Scholastic Aptitude Test, the standard
admissions test for college, have trailed 200 points or more behind the state
average.

A review ordered by Dr. Fitzgerald could lead to a state takeover within the
next year.

"It's getting more and more difficult," said James Cook, a 1965 graduate of the
school and a social studies teacher there for 10 years.

Mr. Cook said that he doubted that a state takeover would mean that he could get
more modern visual-aids equipment or better textbooks. He also doubted whether
it would change such deeply entrenched hostility that few students see black
professionals like himself as role models.

"Their frame of reference is the 'hood," he said. "It's all about dollars and
cents. There is no respect for education or educators."

Yet Some Want to Learn

Mario Davis, a senior who until nine months ago was locked up for selling
cocaine, admitted that he was just counting the days to graduation. He said he
wanted to be a firefighter.

"I just want to graduate because they look down on people here," the 18-year-old
Mr. Davis said as students admired his thick gold chain with a dangling
machine-gun.

Al-Tarik Mack, 17, a senior, added, "Kids, they're not into school." Mr. Mack
boasted that he had sold cocaine and heroin since he was 12 years old and never
been caught. "I made enough money to pay rent for the rest of my life," he said.
"I only came to school because I wanted to."

Yet, while some brag about not needing school, 44 percent of the 1992 graduates
went on to college. They are the silent, struggling minority who are determined
to transform their lives.

"You can learn, even if there are people who don't want to learn," said Tynesha
Bey, who is 16 and a junior. "You focus on your books. You be by yourself."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The daily battle that makes up schooling at Newark's Malcolm X
Shabazz begins for students when they arrive to be hand-searched for weapons.
Mary G. Bennett, the principal, led one morning inspection (pg. 1); The struggle
to educate the poor in Newark is seen by many state officials as a losing battle
marked by violence in the school corridors and lassitude in the classroom. At
Malcolm X Shabazz High School, a student did not even attempt to feign an
interest in the class's Spanish lessons; "Kids, they're not into school," said
Al-Tarik Mack, right, a 17-year-old senior who boasted he had sold drugs since
he was 12 years old. His classmate Mario Davis, center, said he was just
counting time. "I just want to graduate because they look down on people here."
They stood with Ronneisha Tucker. (Photographs by Keith Meyers/The New York
Times) (pg. 24)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              332 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 27, 2007 Tuesday

Handling a toxic boss;
THE WORKPLACE

BYLINE: Matt Villano - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 701 words


[Q.]Your boss regularly berates you in department meetings, and the behavior is
starting to become offensive to you. What should you do?

[A.] Think before you act. John McKee, president of Four Windows No Walls
Consulting in Sedalia, Colorado, said that although it is never acceptable for a
boss to belittle employees, reacting emotionally could prompt you to do
something you will regret.

''The cold, hard truth is that psychotic bosses and psychotic organizations do
exist,'' McKee said. ''It's up to you to handle the situation professionally and
with dignity.''

*

[Q.]Why do some bosses behave this way?

[A.] While it is possible that the boss just doesn't like you, it is more likely
that the behavior has nothing to do with you or your performance.

Robert Hogan, president and founder of Hogan Assessment Systems, a personality
assessment company in Tulsa, Oklahoma, said that bullying behavior could be
prompted by just about anything, from a bad day to sagging earnings to pressure
from upper management.

Insecurity could be the cause as well. Hogan, a retired psychology professor,
noted that in some casescertain leaders may feel a need to assert themselves so
that everyone knows who's in charge.

*

[Q.]How do you know whether your concern is legitimate?

[A.] Employees should never underestimate their feelings, particularly negative
ones, according to Marty Linsky, co-founder of Cambridge Leadership Associates,
a consulting firm in Cambridge, Massachusetts. So if the boss's behavior is
causing you to feel stress, there may well be something behind it, Linsky said.

But there is always the possibility that you are overreacting and that things
are not as bad as you perceive them to be. If you feel the need to confirm your
suspicions, ask around. First, get opinions from friends and family members.
Next, discuss the matter with trusted colleagues after hours or during your
lunch break.

Richard Moran, a partner at Venrock Associates, a venture capital firm in Menlo
Park, California, said you should be careful not to make people think that you
are gossiping or speaking ill of the boss behind his or her back. ''You're just
verifying that it's not your imagination,'' Moran said. ''Don't put yourself in
danger of making the situation even worse.''

Moran added that employees who felt victimized by the boss's bad behavior should
keep a log of offensive comments, to establish evidence of a pattern.

*

[Q.]Should you talk to the boss about his or her behavior?

[A.] Absolutely. The safest approach is to schedule a meeting in advance.
Request that it be one-on-one, and provide examples of comments that have upset
you.

Erika Andersen, founder of Proteus International, a management training firm in
Minneapolis, said it was important to speak calmly and without accusation, to
prevent the boss from becoming defensive.

*

[Q.]What risks do you run by pressing the issue in a reasonable way?

[A.] Particularly if a boss is insecure, talking about the inappropriate
behavior could redouble an inclination to assert control. Paul Stepanovich,
associate professor of management at Southern Connecticut State University in
New Haven, said bosses might also take a form of passive-aggressive retaliation,
like demoting a complaining employee or withholding a raise.

''If a boss is toxic to begin with, it is not a leap to their being
vindictive,'' he said.

*

[Q.]At what point should you start searching for another job?

[A.] Try at least once to repair the situation, and if that doesn't work, take
your complaints to your company's ombudsman or human resources department, or to
your labor union. If the behavior continues beyond that, it may be time to
consider asking for a transfer or to start circulating a resume.

Dan Coughlin, president of Coughlin Co., a consulting firm in Fenton, Missouri,
said that if your boss's behavior does not changed after repeated requests, it
is a good bet that it probably never will.

''Once it's clear the situation isn't going to improve, you need to get out
while you still can,'' Coughlin said. ''Things seem bad now, but if you allow
them to persist, the situation might ultimately damage your dignity, which could
have a much more dramatic effect on your career long term.''

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 11, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Four-Footed Clients and Futile Cases;
A Rutgers Law Professor Fights to Expand the Animal Kingdom's Rights

BYLINE: By NEIL MacFARQUHAR

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk;  Second Front

LENGTH: 1381 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Nov. 10


The manager of a New York City animal shelter calls, seeking to explain why the
shelter accidentally executed a pit bull. Another man frets that new rules in
his Manhattan co-op will force him to part with some of his dogs. Other callers
question the legality of ceremonial sacrifices.

Almost 200 plaintive calls a week are logged on the answering machines at
Rutgers University's Animal Rights Law Center, the only one of its kind in the
United States. Law schools have long used legal clinics to give their students
practical experience and to provide free counsel to those typically underserved
by the legal profession: immigrants, homeless people, prisoners. The Rutgers
clinic, however, takes this concept several steps further. It represents
animals, and considers their abuse akin to enslavement.

The clinic's founder, Gary L. Francione -- a Rutgers professor who was a Supreme
Court clerk and a lawyer at a blue-chip firm -- is unwavering in his belief that
humans can live not only without animal products but also without subjecting
animals to testing. He belittles the advertising campaign that features
celebrities saying, "I'd rather go naked than wear fur," viewing it as
trivializing animal rights.

And he refuses to take cases that he sees as compromising animals' rights. He
would not, for instance, take a case seeking larger laboratory cages, because
that would mean accepting the use of animals in laboratories and negotiating for
a kinder, gentler exploitation.

Mr. Francione is so orthodox, in fact, that he loses well over half the lawsuits
the clinic brings because they are fought on principle that is ahead of the law.
His orthodoxy in the courts and on the issue has alienated others who care
deeply about animals, making him a kind of enfant terrible within the animal
rights movement. But at the same time, his provocativeness has impressed Rutgers
administrators and students, who welcome the debates he stimulates.

"This is part of the ideas that flourish within a university," said Roger I.
Abrams, dean of the Rutgers Law School. "Just because we maintain the clinic
does not mean that we take sides in any issues."

The incessant ferment at the clinic attracts a dedicated student following.
Some, sharing Mr. Francione's passion, entered Rutgers Law School specifically
to attend. Some were persuaded by his argument that the fight for animal rights
parallels the fight for civil rights.

And some are like Sgt. William L. Tomaszewski, a Jersey City police officer who
was drawn to the clinic because he enjoyed wrangling with Mr. Francione in other
law classes. He emerged from the clinic converted to the cause in at least one
way: he's now a vegetarian.

"The other cops order out lunch of like steak and hamburgers, so they look at my
rice and beans or tofu and say, 'Ewwww, how can you eat that disgusting stuff?'
" he said.

Cases come in many forms. The defense of Taro, the New Jersey death-row dog
pardoned by Gov. Christine Todd Whitman in 1994, was in part fashioned here.

"Sometimes," he said, "my phone at home rings at 3:30 A.M. and it's some guy in
North Dakota saying his neighbor is beating the dog and what can he do to stop
the guy?"

He selects cases in consultation with his wife, Anna E. Charlton, the clinic's
staff attorney and co-director. These three pending cases are typical of the
clinic's caseload:

*A convicted South Carolina murderer, newly converted to a faith that condemns
killing, wants to sue the prison system so he can have a meatless diet.

*A Pennsylvania clinic hopes to block a hunt to thin the deer population in
Philadelphia's affluent western suburbs.

*And a New Jersey clinic plans to challenge the 1993 Hunter Harassment Law,
which makes verbal abuse of hunters a crime.

In addition, the clinic regularly fails to keep the Bureau of Land Management
from rounding up wild horses on Federal lands. The agency thins the horse
population by offering those rounded up for adoption. After a year, the new
owners can dispose of the horses as they wish.

The kind of case in which the clinic usually succeeds, however, is defending
student veterinarians who boycott surgical workshops using healthy animals.
"We've done it so many times that courts don't think it's so weird anymore," Ms.
Charlton said.

The demand for their intervention in those cases prompted Mr. Francione, 41, and
Ms. Charlton, 39, to write a do-it-yourself legal reference book. Mr. Francione
also wrote "Animals, Property and the Law," published by Temple University Press
in June, which argues that laws treating animals as property must be changed
before the rights movement can succeed.

The couple raise hackles within the movement as often as outside. Other groups
accuse their clinic of taking too scattered an approach, and when they are being
polite they call Mr. Francione elitist, intimidating and polarizing.

Don Barnes, director of education for the National Anti-Vivisection Society,
said that Mr. Francione engaged in a constant "vitriolic brouhaha" on the
Internet and elsewhere.

Mr. Barnes has also been critical of vegans, who shun animal products in their
food and in everything from shoes to shampoo. Both Mr. Francione and Ms.
Charlton follow vegan rules, which they call basic tenets of their fight.

In the spring issue of The Animals' Agenda, an animal rights periodical, Mr.
Barnes wrote: "The Vegan Police working out of the animal rights division wear
their arrest records for civil disobedience on behalf of animals like medals of
honor and condemn those who continue to wear leather or consume animal products
-- how arrogant! The Vegan Police do more harm than good, for they seek to shame
rather than inspire."

Catherine Barcomb, executive director of Nevada's Wild Horse Commission, said
horse advocates had been disappointed that the clinic's lawsuit failed to change
Federal policies favoring grazing of ranch animals on public land. She
criticized the clinic's research for a lack of thoroughness.

"There are issues that need a real good fight and we felt they could do it," Ms.
Barcomb said. "But instead they sent out this cheap letter that asked for money
because horses were being taken off the land by truck and being sent to
slaughter. It is not happening that directly, but they wanted to sensationalize,
to get the public upset."

Mr. Francione believes critics forget that the clinic is first an academic
institution. "It is not my function to be a lawyer for the movement," he said.
Both he and Ms. Charlton point out that they expect to lose most cases because
United States laws treat animals as property.

The two are resigned to the fact that the clinic engenders a certain bemused
curiosity -- especially in legal circles, given that Mr. Francione once clerked
at the Supreme Court for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and worked at the firm of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore. But they do not want to be considered wacky.

"You go through life having to deal with this onslaught every day of 'Doesn't
lettuce have feelings? How about cockroaches, do cockroaches have rights? Do you
brush your teeth? There are organisms on your teeth,' " Mr. Francione said. "I
don't mind people disagreeing with me. I don't mind people asking questions. But
I don't particularly care to hear people make screaming noises whenever they cut
into their lettuce."

Coming to the Defense of Animals

The Animal Rights Law Center, a Rutgers clinic founded by Prof. Gary L.
Francione, has had mixed success in the courtroom.

VICTORY

Mr. Francione's clinic helped fashion the defense of Taro, the New Jersey Akita
that was pronounced vicious in 1991 after injuring a 10-year-old jgirl. The
dog's liufe was spared by Gov. Christine Todd Whitman in 1994. The clinic argued
that the Governor's right to grant clemency to those convicted of crimes
extended to dogs.

DEFEAT

The center's efforts to stop the Bureau of Land Management's removal of wild
horses from Federal lands have failed.

PENDING

CASE 1 -- The center is seeking to block a hunt planned to thin the deer
population in suburban Philadelphia.

CASE 2 -- The clinic jis mounting a free-speech challenge to the 1993 Hunter
Harassment Law, which makes verbal abuse jof hunters a crime.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 18, 1995, Saturday

CORRECTION:

A picture caption on Nov. 11 about the Animal Rights Law Center at Rutgers
University misstated the basis for the release of Taro, the Akita that was
ordered killed after it injured a 10-year-old girl. The rights center argued
that Gov. Christine Todd Whitman could spare the dog under a provision in the
state constitution giving her the power to return confiscated property to its
owners -- not that the Governor's clemency power extended to dogs.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Gary L. Francione, a Rutgers University professor who argues
animal rights in court, talks to law clinic students. (Norman Y. Lono for The
New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              334 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

BIG 3 BELITTLE NETS. CELTICS FIND PERFECT PATSY

BYLINE: BY JULIAN GARCIA DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 489 words


BOSTON - When the Nets visited the Celtics in February, the circumstances
couldn't have been more different than they were last night. Boston had lost 16
straight games and was well on its way to a 58-loss season after the Nets left
town with a 14-point victory.

But as one fan wrote on a sign last night, "What a difference a year makes."

The Celtics could be on their way to 58 wins, if not more.

For the second time in five days, the rejuvenated Celtics man-handled the Nets,
coming back from a slow start to lay a 91-69 drubbing on a team that supposedly
was to challenge them in the division.

At 7-0, the Celtics are the NBA's only unbeaten team. They are off to their best
start since the 1972-73 season, when they went on to win 68 games before falling
to the Knicks in the conference finals. The Celtics' record for consecutive wins
to start a season is 14.

After starting 4-1, tying the franchise's best start, the Nets have lost three
straight to fall to .500.

Kevin Garnett, acquired in a trade with Minnesota over the summer, scored 16
points and grabbed eight rebounds. Paul Pierce, a nine-year Celtic, scored 15
points on 6-of-10 shooting. Ray Allen, who played with the hapless Sonics last
season, finished with 14 points. All five Boston starters recorded
double-digits.

Richard Jefferson scored 21 points but struggled, hitting seven of his 19 shots.
Jason Kidd had 19 points and Vince Carter, rehabbing a sprained ankle, wasn't
even in the building.

Sean Williams, a first-round pick out of Boston College, scored 12 points and
had four blocks in his homecoming.

The Celtics buried the Nets early in the fourth quarter, opening with an 11-4
run to go up by 15. When Garnett put down an emphatic slam with 4:02 left,
Boston's lead was 20.

Before the game, Lawrence Frank said Boston's big three of Pierce, Garnett and
Allen are motivated by the losing they have experienced individually in the
past.

"They've tasted winning but they experienced losing," said Frank, "and I think
they've all united with a chip on their shoulders."

Early in the third quarter, Pierce looked rejuvenated, pumping his fist after
knocking down a three-pointer that put the Celtics up 46-38.

Before the game with the Nets in February, Pierce expressed his frustration then
scored only nine points in the rout.

Williams, playing significant minutes for the second straight game, made his
mark during the third, making a block on a Rajon Rondo layup attempt that led to
a Kidd three-pointer on the other end that pulled the Nets to within 50-45.

Less than two minutes later, Kidd scored on a fast-break layup to cut Boston's
lead to 52-50.

With 3.5 seconds left in the third, Tony Allen put the Nets in an eight-point
hole, sinking a four-foot runner. After the Nets turned the ball over on the
inbounds play, Williams, a 6-10 forward, blocked his third shot of the game,
denying a jumper by Glen Davis, one of the players the Nets considered drafting
over him.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Pierce of Celtics fouls Nets' Richard Jefferson on drive attempt.
Photo by Getty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              335 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 7:10 PM GMT

Rightwing pundits belittle mainstream praise of Bush and Kasich at debate;
Conservatives offer starkly different account of fourth Republican debate from
mainstream commentators, proclaiming Donald Trump had sealed his lead

BYLINE: Ed Pilkington in Milwaukee and Lauren Gambino in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1024 words


As the dust settled over an intense Republican presidential debate in Milwaukee
on Tuesday night, the instant verdict of the mainstream media was that the
unexpected rise of the political outsider - in particular Donald Trump - had
finally begun to come unstuck.

Related:  Ben Carson and Donald Trump out of limelight as Republican debates
turn tough

Commentators noted that it was by far the most substantive debate in the series,
with the two former governors Jeb Bush and John Kasich, who represent the
establishment wing of the party, using the greater focus on detail to present a
dramatically contrasting view on immigration to Trump's vision of building a
wall and ejecting 11 million undocumented immigrants. On foreign policy, both
Trump and his immediate rival, the neurosurgeon Ben Carson, looked blustery.

But that's not how conservative pundits saw it. In the rarified world of the
conservative media, a very different account of the event was being written -
one in which Trump sealed his leading status by being unbending on immigration,
while Bush and Kasich, far from making a tentative comeback, dug their own
presidential graves.

Michelle Malkin, a star of the conservative blogosphere, summed up the strident
mood on Twitter when she portrayed Kasich and Bush "bending over backwards on
behalf of Obama's illegal 'Dreamers'" - immigrants who were brought to the US as
children.

Malkin's scorecard of the night was equally stark:

The similarly spikey and populist rightwing pundit Ann Coulter also vented her
opinions of the debate. Trump and Texas senator Ted Cruz had won the night by
going out hard on immigration, she said.

Trump's wobbly grasp of foreign policy, notably his contentious remark that "if
Putin wants to knock the hell out of Isis, I'm all for it" did not appear to
concern Coulter.

Charles Hurt in the Washington Times went as far as to predict that Bush and
Kasich, by opposing Trump's extreme stance on immigration, had sealed their
fate.

"Not only does Mr Bush not belong in the White House or the Republican Party, he
should just be deported. Perhaps to Mexico, where he might be happier and find
greater success in politics," Hurt wrote, before going on to capture the anger
within the Republican base that Trump is harvesting. "These people really have
no clue how desperately frustrated and estranged American voters in both parties
are over this issue of rampant illegal immigration and Washington's absolute
refusal to take simple, common sense measures to fix the problem."

Glenn Beck, a former Fox News star who went on to found the rightwing radio
network and website the Blaze, sounded a similar note. Kasich was the "epic
loser" of the night, and as for Bush, he "looked 2001 and desperate. The cheap
typical 'vet sitting next to my wife' close made me think he was GHWB [his
father George Herbert Walker Bush]!"

Comments such as these could be seen as the vibrant musings of a political
fringe. But they matter, for two mutually supportive reasons.

First, they tend to reflect opinions shared by a large portion of the more
committed conservatives who tend to turn out to vote in Republican primary
elections. Second, these commentators work for media outlets that those same
committed voters trust and read, which provides a political feedback loop in
which views are reinforced and hardened.

The result could be seen on the hugely influential Drudge Report on Wednesday
morning, which prominently displayed at the top of the page its overnight straw
poll of its readers. Who was top of the pile of the debate's winners? Trump with
37% and 90,000 votes (not a bad sample size for an opinion survey). Bush was
bottom with 1% and 3,000 votes.

The debate on immigration that erupted on the stage of Milwaukee Theater
revealed deep fissures within the Republican party. Kasich, the governor of
Ohio, tussled with Trump over his contentious immigration proposal to build a
wall along the Mexican border and deport the roughly 11 million people living in
the US illegally.

"Think about the families," Kasich said. "Think about the children. Come on,
folks, we know you can't pick them up and ship them across the border. It's a
silly argument. It's not an adult argument."

Trump dismissed Kasich's emotional appeal. "You don't get nicer," he said. "You
don't get friendlier."

After more back and forth, Bush interjected to say that mass deportation was
simply "not possible" and would drive Latinos to vote for the Democrats.

"Even having this conversation sends a powerful signal," Bush said. "They're
doing high-fives in the Clinton campaign right now when they hear this."

Florida senator Marco Rubio said he disagreed with this in an interview with NPR
on Wednesday. Rubio, who sidestepped the immigration issue entirely during the
debate, said: "I don't agree with that analysis of it. It's not that we're
against immigrants. We favor legal immigration, but there's got to be a process
by which people come here."

He added: "As a sovereign country, we have a right to control who comes, when
they come and how they come, and it's especially fair to the people who are
trying to come legally."

One of the points raised by more mainstream TV and press outlets (which the
conservative media consider liberal) was that both Trump and Carson displayed
their weaknesses on complicated policy areas, particularly foreign affairs and
the Middle East. But again, that did not appear to disturb several prominent
rightwing commentators.

In an analysis on the Townhall conservative website, Guy Benson concluded that
even though their vulnerabilities were on display on Tuesday night, for Trump's
and Carson's supporters it really didn't matter. He wrote:

Sure, both Carson and Trump veered into unresponsive, barely-decipherable pablum
on a number of occasions. Ben Carson's answer on Syria and Iraq was especially
memorable in that regard. But again, their answers and preparedness on policy
seem to matter less to their supporters than what they represent and the
feelings they inspire. That dynamic remains intact.

Additional reporting by Sabrina Siddiqui

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 4:31 PM GMT

Rightwing pundits belittle mainstream praise of Bush and Kasich at debate;
Conservatives offer starkly different account of fourth Republican debate from
mainstream commentators, proclaiming Donald Trump had sealed his lead

BYLINE: Ed Pilkington in Milwaukee and Lauren Gambino in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1025 words


As the dust settled over an intense Republican presidential debate in Milwaukee
on Tuesday night, the instant verdict of the mainstream media was that the
unexpected rise of the political outsider - in particular Donald Trump - had
finally began to come unstuck.

Related:  Ben Carson and Donald Trump out of limelight as Republican debates
turn tough

Commentators noted that it was by far the most substantive debate in the series
so far, with the two former governors Jeb Bush and John Kasich, who represent
the establishment wing of the party, using the greater focus on detail to
present a dramatically contrasting view on immigration to Trump's vision of
building a wall and ejecting 11 million undocumented immigrants. On foreign
policy, both Trump and his immediate rival, the neurosurgeon Ben Carson, looked
blustery.

But that's not how conservative pundits saw it. In the rarified world of the
conservative media, a very different account of the event was being written -
one in which Trump sealed his leading status by being unbending on immigration,
while Bush and Kasich, far from making a tentative comeback, dug their own
presidential graves.

Michelle Malkin, a star of the conservative blogosphere, summed up the strident
mood on Twitter when she portrayed Kasich and Bush "bending over backwards on
behalf of Obama's illegal 'Dreamers'"- immigrants who were brought to the US as
children.

Malkin's score card of the night was equally stark:

The similarly spikey and populist rightwing pundit Ann Coulter also vented her
opinions of the debate. Trump and Texas senator Ted Cruz had won the night by
going out hard on immigration, she said.

Trump's wobbly grasp of foreign policy, notably his contentious remark that "if
Putin wants to knock the hell out of Isis, I'm all for it" did not appear to
concern Coulter.

Charles Hurt in the Washington Times went as far as to predict that Bush and
Kasich, by opposing Trump's extreme stance on immigration, had sealed their
fate.

"Not only does Mr Bush not belong in the White House or the Republican Party, he
should just be deported. Perhaps to Mexico, where he might be happier and find
greater success in politics," Hurt wrote, before going on to capture the anger
within the Republican base that Trump is harvesting. "These people really have
no clue how desperately frustrated and estranged American voters in both parties
are over this issue of rampant illegal immigration and Washington's absolute
refusal to take simple, common sense measures to fix the problem."

Glenn Beck, a former Fox News star who went on to found the rightwing radio
network and website the Blaze, sounded a similar note. Kasich was the "epic
loser" of the night, and as for Bush, he "looked 2001 and desperate. The cheap
typical 'vet sitting next to my wife' close made me think he was GHWB [his
father George Herbert Walker Bush]!"

Comments such as these could be seen as the vibrant musings of a political
fringe. But they matter, for two mutually supportive reasons.

First, they tend to reflect opinions shared by a large portion of the more
committed conservatives who tend to turn out to vote in Republican primary
elections. Second, these commentators work for media outlets that those same
committed voters trust and read, which provides a political feedback loop in
which views are reinforced and hardened.

The result could be seen on the hugely influential Drudge Report on Wednesday
morning, which prominently displayed at the top of the page its overnight straw
poll of its readers. Who was top of the pile of the debate's winners? Trump with
37% and 90,000 votes (not a bad sample size for an opinion survey). Bush was
bottom with 1% and 3,000 votes.

The debate on immigration that erupted on the stage of Milwaukee Theater
revealed deep fissures within the Republican party. Kasich, the governor of
Ohio, tussled with Trump over his contentious immigration proposal to build a
wall along the Mexican border and deport the roughly 11 million people living in
the US illegally.

"Think about the families," Kasich said. "Think about the children. Come on,
folks, we know you can't pick them up and ship them across the border. It's a
silly argument. It's not an adult argument."

Trump dismissed Kasich's emotional appeal. "You don't get nicer," he said. "You
don't get friendlier."

After more back and forth, Bush interjected to say that mass deportation was
simply "not possible" and would drive Latinos to vote for the Democrats.

"Even having this conversation sends a powerful signal," Bush said. "They're
doing high-fives in the Clinton campaign right now when they hear this."

Florida senator Marco Rubio said he disagreed with this in an interview with NPR
on Wednesday. Rubio, who sidestepped the immigration issue entirely during the
debate, said: "I don't agree with that analysis of it. It's not that we're
against immigrants. We favor legal immigration, but there's got to be a process
by which people come here."

He added: "As a sovereign country, we have a right to control who comes, when
they come and how they come, and it's especially fair to the people who are
trying to come legally."

One of the points raised by more mainstream TV and press outlets (which the
conservative media consider liberal) was that both Trump and Carson displayed
their weaknesses on complicated policy areas, particularly foreign affairs and
the Middle East. But again, that did not appear to disturb several prominent
rightwing commentators.

In an analysis on the Townhall conservative website, Guy Benson concluded that
even though their vulnerabilities were on display on Tuesday night, for Trump's
and Carson's supporters it really didn't matter. He wrote:

Sure, both Carson and Trump veered into unresponsive, barely-decipherable pablum
on a number of occasions. Ben Carson's answer on Syria and Iraq was especially
memorable in that regard. But again, their answers and preparedness on policy
seem to matter less to their supporters than what they represent and the
feelings they inspire. That dynamic remains intact.

Additional reporting by Sabrina Siddiqui

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 2, 1995, Sunday

BRUIN GM BELITTLES LEETCH STATUS

BYLINE: BY JOHN DELLAPINA

SECTION: Sports Pg.  62

LENGTH: 127 words

BOSTON  In front of plenty of friends and family from Cheshire, Conn., Rangers
defenseman Brian Leetch did not play one of his vintage games yesterday in
Boston Garden.

Still, it was stunning to hear Boston GM Harry Sinden uncork this unsolicited
postgame soliloquy on the relative merits of Leetch and the Bruins' former and
current superstar defensemen, Bobby Orr and Ray Bourque:

"That game was great for me because it dispels any talk or any consideration
ever of Leetch and Orr. Get that out of your mind for the rest of your lives,
ever. And secondly, get it out with Leetch and Bourque. Forever, ever, ever,
ever. It should never surface for the rest of our lives. My God. As good as he
is, Brian, that is a comparison that should never be made."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              338 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 2, 1995, Sunday

BRUIN GM BELITTLES LEETCH STATUS

BYLINE: BY JOHN DELLAPINA

SECTION: Sports Pg.  62

LENGTH: 127 words

BOSTON  In front of plenty of friends and family from Cheshire, Conn., Rangers
defenseman Brian Leetch did not play one of his vintage games yesterday in
Boston Garden.

Still, it was stunning to hear Boston GM Harry Sinden uncork this unsolicited
postgame soliloquy on the relative merits of Leetch and the Bruins' former and
current superstar defensemen, Bobby Orr and Ray Bourque:

"That game was great for me because it dispels any talk or any consideration
ever of Leetch and Orr. Get that out of your mind for the rest of your lives,
ever. And secondly, get it out with Leetch and Bourque. Forever, ever, ever,
ever. It should never surface for the rest of our lives. My God. As good as he
is, Brian, that is a comparison that should never be made."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              339 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 2, 1988, Tuesday, Final Edition

Bush Belittles Role of Congress, Blames Lawmakers for Deficit

BYLINE: David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A7

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: NASHUA, N.H., Feb. 1, 1988


Vice President Bush, opening a new front in his fight with Senate Minority
Leader Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.) for the Republican presidential nomination, today
belittled the role of Congress and its leaders and blamed Congress for the
federal budget deficit.

Striking the theme of his final week of campaigning before Monday's Iowa
caucuses, Bush told a Rotary Club luncheon here: "Congress is part of the
problem, not part of the answer."

"I made more decisions running the Central Intelligence Agency and intelligence
community in a week than I did in four years as a congressman from Texas," he
said.

"A president's got to consider the national interest," he added. "Members of
Congress have to consider -- by virtue of their job -- the special interests. A
president leads, and I found as a member of Congress to some degree you follow.
And as one humorist put it, it's hard to look up to a leader who keeps his ear
to the ground. And there's something to that."

Bush did not mention Dole by name, but the vice president's aides said the
speech was a response to Dole's claim that his Senate tenure has given him
"hands-on" experience in government.

Bush campaign officials are expected to carry the attack directly to Dole this
week. Last Saturday in Iowa, the Bush campaign circulated a letter from former
representative Cooper Evans (R-Iowa), a Bush supporter, that said of Dole, "No
one who has spent 27 years in Congress is one of us! There is no more
ineffective organization than the U.S. Congress."

Dole called Bush's remarks a "typical cheap shot" at the close of a campaign and
said President Reagan owed more to the GOP leadership in Congress than he did to
Bush.

"We've provided the leadership for Ronald Reagan," Dole said. "[Bush] is out
there running on the Reagan record. Who does he think got it through the
Congress -- George Bush? He didn't do anything . . . . Check what success Ronald
Reagan had in the Senate without George Bush's vote, without his help . . . . We
did it all without him."

Polls show the federal deficit to be the top concern among voters in Iowa and
New Hampshire, and Bush laid the blame for the huge deficits of the Reagan
presidency on Congress. The congressional budget process "is a mess," he said,
"a scandal that makes a mockery of spending restraint." He pointed out that
Congress had not passed a single appropriations bill last year and called this
"purely and simply a failure of congressional leadership." Reagan has repeatedly
tried to influence Congress -- often successfully -- on spending priorities. In
the seven years of the Reagan presidency, the White House has never submitted a
budget to Congress proposing to pay for all the services it wanted.

Bush seeks line-item veto authority for the president to control spending,
something Dole also supports. But Bush has not said which programs he would
eliminate if he had such authority. While calling for deficit reductions, he has
pledged not to raise taxes and to continue the defense buildup. He has also
called for new spending on education, space, drug enforcement, the environment
and other programs.

Bush said today he disagreed with Dole's plan for a one-year across-the-board
spending freeze because he favors more "flexibility" to add spending for needed
programs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              340 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 23, 1992 Friday
                                  Late Edition

BUSH BELITTLES POLLSTERS AS HE NARROWS THE GAP;
THE RACE FOR THE WHITE HOUSE

BYLINE: PILITA CLARK Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 339 words


WASHINGTON, Thursday: After a strong performance in Monday's presidential
debate, Mr Bush seems to have slightly narrowed his Democratic rival's
double-digit lead.

A Cable News Network daily tracking poll released yesterday showed the President
had gained 3 percentage points, taking him to 32 per cent, while Mr Bill Clinton
dropped 2 points to go to 45 per cent.

The poll showed Mr Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire, stable on 15 per cent.

An ABC poll released yesterday also showed Mr Clinton's lead had tightened since
the last debate but the Democrat's margin over Mr Bush was still wider than it
was a week ago.

The President is likely to narrow Mr Clinton's lead further in the final two
weeks of the campaign as undecided voters firm up, but he still needs to defy
nearly every historical precedent to win the election.

Many presidential incumbents have come from behind in the past, but none of them
has overcome the huge poll deficit Mr Bush faces so late in the campaign

Mr Bush, who has been campaigning this week in southern States he should have
locked up by now, has been insisting voters should just ignore the polls

"Don't believe these crazy polls. Don't believe these nutty pollsters; don't let
these guys tell you what to think," he told cheering crowds.

Mr Clinton has been campaigning in eight western States where a Democrat has not
won for nearly 30 years.

In Colorado, where he has a lead of up to 10 points, Mr Clinton urged his
backers yesterday not to take the race for granted.

Mr Perot, meanwhile, is restricting his campaign to network studios and is not
making any direct contact with voters.

In other developments yesterday, the State Department directly contradicted Mr
Bush's emphatic comments in the Monday night debate that there was not "one
scintilla of evidence" to show American technology went into Iraq's nuclear
program.

The department's spokesman, Mr Richard Boucher, admitted yesterday that$US15
million (about$A20 million) worth of US parts had been found in Iraq by United
Nations inspection teams.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 27, 1989, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Educators Belittle New Jersey's 'Report Cards' on Schools

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1198 words

DATELINE: NEWARK


By giving all of New Jersey's public schools ''report cards'' recently, state
education officials had hoped to create a dialogue between parents and educators
that would, over time, make schools more accountable and improve education.

They created a dialogue, but not the type they had hoped for. Since the reports
were distributed earlier this month, representatives of the state's school
boards, administrators and teachers, as well as outside education experts, have
criticized them and the kind of comparisons they immediately inspired.

They complain that the reports - which contain local and statewide statistics
for items like test scores, spending, and graduation rates - tell parents
nothing about the overall quality of education in New Jersey. The critics say
the reports offer no perspective on academic progress this year at each school,
thereby giving them little immediate value. In addition, they argue, the
categories of data are too skimpy to be of long-range value.

''The card doesn't tell you enough about the school,'' said Jeremiah Regan, head
of the New Jersey School Boards Association. ''My major concern is that parents,
citizens, and real-estate agents will draw very simplistic conclusions,'' said
Susan Fuhrman, director of the Center for Policy Research in Education, run by
Rutgers, Michigan State and Stanford Universities and the University of
Wisconsin.

Comparisons Called Flawed

''It has a few isolated items,'' said James A. Moran, executive director of the
New Jersey Association of School Administrators, which represents the state's
public school superintendents. ''We don't believe it will do good for the
students of New Jersey or the school districts.'' In addition, critics argue,
some news accounts based on data for all 2,174 public schools have drawn flawed
comparisons between per-pupil spending and standardized-test scores in poor
cities and wealthy suburbs.

Since the reports were proposed in early 1988, Saul Cooperman, the State
Education Commissioner, and his aides have insisted that it was not a tool to
rank or compare districts.

Each report has average data for the entire state and numbers for one individual
school. No figures are provided to satisfy parents' universal curiosity about
how their child's school compares with others.

Despite the state's aversion to comparison, many have been made. Some, which
compare spending and test scores without factoring in a district's social and
economic profile, have disturbed critics.

For example, Newark spends $5,942 a pupil, against a state average of $5,185,
and the highest average Scholastic Aptitude Test score from the city's six
open-admission high schools is 663, compared to the state average of 896.
Suburban Nutley and Sparta spend $4,976 and $4,705, respectively, and have
S.A.T. scores of 936 and 941, respectively.

''Do we conclude that the less spent, the higher the scores will be?'' asked Mr.
Regan of the School Boards Association. ''If Newark dropped to Nutley's $4,900,
would its scores go up? Without considering socioeconomic data, there isn't a
one-to-one relationship between spending and quality.''

Kenneth Carlson, a professor at the Rutgers Graduate School of Education, said
Newark's poverty, family instability and ''community ethos'' are among the
numerous factors that bear on a student's academic performance there.

''Newark may not be spending anywhere near enough to cope with the sheer
magnitude of the problems it has,' he said.

Challenge to Aid Formula

The absence of socioeconomic data from the new report cards takes on added
importance now because the State Supreme Court is considering a landmark lawsuit
challenging the constitutionality of New Jersey's education-aid formula. The
suit contends the formula discriminates against the poorest urban districts by
denying their students many of the programs available in suburban districts rich
in property taxes.

The State Education Department denies the formula is inherently biased.

Marilyn Morheuser, the lead lawyer on the challenge to the formula, said the
report card data uphold the argument that the poorest districts with the most
educational needs have the lowest test scores.

The state's past analysis of ninth-grade scores on its own basic-skills tests
has consistently revealed that the higher a district's socioeconomic status, the
higher its test scores are.

Three Years of Data

The state omitted any reference to social and economic data from the new card
for fear of stigmatizing the poorer districts and crimping their educational
ambitions, said Richard A. DiPatri, an assistant commissioner who heads the
report card program.

''The best part of the report card is not this first year but the second and the
third,'' Mr. DiPatri said. ''Ultimately, parents will have three years of data
and will be able to see if there's improvement.''

But even then, critics say, the cards will not give parents a full picture of
all a school offers - and does not offer.

Statistics that are provided deal with a school district's spending per pupil; a
school's enrollment; the ratio of professional staff, including teachers,
librarians and counselors, to students; daily instructional time; drop-out
rates; the percentage of students entering or leaving a school during the year;
student performance, at the elementary-school level, on national standardized
tests and, at the high-school level, on the state's ninth-grade basic-skills
test; the average S.A.T. scores of graduating seniors, and the percentages of
graduates who enter, college, the military and the work force.

'Card Has No Value'

The reports contain nothing about the diversity of a school's curriculum or its
instructional resources, student behavior, its staff's average educational level
or continuing training programs, or its extracurricular programs and
accomplishments.

''In and of itself, the card has no value,'' said Robert Broderick, a spokesman
for the New Jersey Education Association, the state's largest teachers union.

The New Jersey Principals and Supervisors Association cautioned in a statement
against evaluating a school's quality only by the card's criteria. Curriculum,
faculty commitment to scholarship and the learning atmosphere are essential
ingredients in assessing a school, it said.

Education officials readily acknowledge that the cards' offerings are limited.
Mr. Cooperman calls the report a ''snapshot'' of a school. But the intention,
his aides say, was to make the card concise and easy to understand.
Consequently, only objective data was gathered.

Data on most of the categories had been compiled in past years by the Education
Department and was available on request. But the report cards pull all the data
together in a single document for the first time. About 1.3 million copies of
the reports, dealing with 1,808 elementary schools and 366 high schools, were
printed.

California, Virginia, Illinois and some other states have various types of
''school report cards,'' but New Jersey is the first state to send a report home
to parents or make it available to taxpayers or anyone else interested, the
Education Department said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              342 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                              June 22, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Three to see: Trash-talking Colombian set to take on entire U.S. squad. Must-see
TV, folks!

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A48

LENGTH: 156 words


USA-Colombia

FIFA world cup in Edmonton

The juiciest storyline concerns Colombia's Lady Andrade, who was once suspended
for punching Abby Wambach in the face. On the USA: "They belittle us. ... We're
going to beat them since they like to talk so much." Uh, this could be
interesting.

TV: TSN , 5 p.m.

Norway -England

FIFA world cup in Ottawa

The front page of a Norwegian newspaper asks, of England, 'Are you girls ready
for a hell of a beating?' Hmmm. England just beat Colombia, and scoring
midfielder Karen Carney seems to be just warming up. Winner plays Saturday in
Vancouver.

TV: TSN , 2 p.m.

Mariners-Royals

MLB in seattle

Mike Moustakas had a 2014 to forget, hitting barely above the Mendoza Line. This
year he's hitting more than 100 points higher, and his Royals look like they
could well be headed back to the World Series.

Live: Safeco Field, Sportsnet One, TSN 1410, 7 p.m. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Lady Andrade;;  Karen Carney;;  Mike Moustakas;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    September 2, 1995 Saturday Final Edition

Canadian explorer David Thompson got there first

SOURCE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 403 words

DATELINE: SPOKANE, WASH.


Jack Nisbet doesn't want to belittle the legacy of Meriwether Lewis and William
Clark.

But when the renowned American explorers were working their way up the Missouri
River drainage in the early 1800s, they used points charted by Canadian trader
David Thompson, who'd already been there, done that.

"You go into a good bookstore in the U.S., and there's a whole shelf of Lewis
and Clark, and they were out two years," Nisbet said.

Lewis and Clark travelled the region from May 1804 until September 1806.
Thompson spent 28 years exploring it - from 1784 to 1812.

Nisbet's book, Sources Of The River: Tracking David Thompson Across Western
North America (Raincoast), chronicles Thompson's travels.

As a roving partner in the Montreal-bazed North West Fur Co., Thompson
established fur-trading houses at sites that grew into some of the region's
first European settlements in British Columbia, Alberta, Idaho and Montana.

He was the first to chart the entire length of the Columbia River, which he
explored to its source. In 1814, he completed a map that guided travellers for
years through western Canada and the U.S..

"He's a very important explorer," said Carlos Schwantes, a University of Idaho
history professor and author of a textbook on the region. "He sort of got lost
sight of, though, because of so many of the American explorers."

Nisbet, 46, said he became intrigued by Thompson more than 20 years ago, when
the explorer's name came up repeatedly during research for a natural history
newspaper column.

The more he delved, the more he came to feel Thompson's tale had not had a
complete telling.

"I knew there was an audience for him, and that there hadn't really been a book
that dug into his journals and gotten into his story that way," Nisbet said.

So he journeyed to Toronto and set about deciphering Thompson's 77 handwritten
field journals, housed at the provincial archives. The volumes contained
detailed daily accounts of Thompson's travels for the fur company and contacts
with aboriginal peoples - some of whom had never before seen a white man.

Sources Of The River may become just one of the first works to reflect a
resurgence of interest in Thompson, Nisbet said. At least two other authors are
working on more academic biographies, he said, and a University of Calgary
professor has been transcribing all of Thompson's journals dealing with Columbia
River exploration.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              344 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            March 23 1988, Wednesday

Arts (Television): Truth and little white lies

BYLINE: CELIA BRAYFIELD

SECTION: Issue 63036.

LENGTH: 303 words


In the process of becoming mythological figures, Donald and Wendy Woods, whose
story is told in the film Cry Freedom, were transformed.

Last night Couples (BBC1), a new series exploring the relationships of prominent
people, incidentally revealed that the Donald of the film was thinner and more
clean cut, the Wendy shorter and more blonde and the family dog less an
unphotogenic black labrador than a lolloping Dulux mutt.


Their lifestyle seemed more sophisticated in material aspects than that
presented in the film, but their journey to liberal consciousness longer and
more arduous. There is something that belittles both subject and audience in
this tailoring of reality towards stereotype. However, that was not the concern
of this programme.

Skilfully interviewed by Dilys Morgan, the Woods recalled the arguments of their
courtship days as he rejected the racist attitudes of their background. After
Donald had met the black leader Steve Biko, the couple were united in an
intensifying opposition to apartheid during a period which Wendy described as
schizophrenic and alienated.

Shortly afterwards the couple fled South African and arrived in Britain with
their five children, Pounds 300 and one suitcase of clothes. These challenges
strengthened their marriage, they felt. 'Maybe all couples should land in
political trouble, because it definitely does throw you together more,' Donald
suggested.

In Miami, as The Media Show (Channel 4) revealed, the difficulty is that real
life is more lurid than stereotype.

In the city which now challenges the league leaders in the United States for
both crime and film making, one writer described dreaming the sickest excesses
of designer violence only to have the Miami Herald exceed his imagination the
next day with a true story.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              345 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    December 27, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Yo, yo, yo -- you going to actually read this or just look at the pic?

BYLINE: DWAIN PRICE; FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


Talk might be cheap, but trash talking is a valued and plentiful commodity in
the NBA.

Today's players have turned trash talking into an art form designed to both
amuse and aggravate an opponent with the underlying intent of throwing him off
his game.

While trash talking is frowned upon by critics who see its popularity rise at a
time when sportsmanship is on the decline, many trash talkers are proud of their
legacy.

"The Clippers aren't the best trash talkers without me," says Ken Norman, who
played six years for the Los Angeles Clippers before signing a free-agent
contract this past off-season with the Milwaukee Bucks.

Don Beck, a sports psychologist with the National Values Center in Denton,
Texas, traces trash talking back to prehistoric days.

He says its purpose is to belittle and intimidate with the perpetrator engaging
in a verbal sparring match with whomever is within shouting distance.

"In the more primitive days it took on a form of throwing spears or axes at each
other," Beck said. "I'm sure Thor and the Norsemen had a version of trash
talking."

The common perception is that trash talking is a black thing born and bred in
the ghettos. However, Beck said, it crosses all racial barriers.

Miami Heat guard Brian Shaw, a former teammate of ex-Celtics great Larry Bird,
said Larry Legend was the National Basketball Association's trash-talking king.

"Bird would tell guys what he was getting ready to do and ask them if they were
ready," Shaw said, laughing at the memories. "He would say, 'OK, I'm going to
make this one off the backboard; are you ready?' Then, he would shoot it off the
backboard and make it and say, 'Oh, I thought you said you were ready.'

"Sometimes, right in the middle of a game, Bird would go to the other team's
coach and say, 'Can you put somebody in that can check me? He can't check me.'
He was one that could back it."

Heat forward Glen Rice said, "When Bird started lighting you up and talking
trash, that's hard on you. It's like driving a stake through your heart."

Bird isn't the only recently retired legend who made the unofficial
trash-talking all-star team.

Bulls guard B. J. Armstrong said former Bulls' great Michael Jordan could trash
talk with the best of them.

"Michael would be out there telling you, 'I'm driving to the basket, and there's
nothing you can do,' " Armstrong said. "You were at his mercy."

Armstrong felt Jordan's wrath in practice. Jordan belittled Armstrong's ability
to the point Armstrong admitted he lost confidence in his game.

Heat guard Steve Smith said Jordan could intimidate without even saying
anything.

"He just gave you a stare," Smith said. "It was more of a trash look."

Not everyone in the NBA is enamored with the constant jawing.

Dallas Mavericks' general manager Norm Sonju said trash talking has no place in
sports, particularly in basketball. The excess talking, he said, could escalate
and lead to violence.

"In football, the fans are pretty well far back from the field, and in hockey,
they're behind boards," Sonju said. "In other words, it's not easy for the fans
to get near the players in those sports.

"But in basketball the fans are within a few feet of the players, and, at times,
the players actually fall on top of the fans. The last thing you want is a
250-pound guy trash talking and all of a sudden somebody loses his temper and
gets into a fight when there are children and young people that could get
injured."

Beck said trash talking should not be mistaken for taunting, which often leads
to disputes. There is a fine line between the two, and all parties involved know
when those boundaries have been crossed.

"When Miami played Texas in the (1991) Cotton Bowl, I thought Miami crossed the
boundaries," Beck said. "Taunting can lead to violence.

"Taunting is more emotional. Trash talking can just be a string of verbiage,
kind of throwaway lines."

NBA players say some of the league's best talkers are Chuck Person (Minnesota),
Charles Barkley (Phoenix), Dennis Rodman (San Antonio), Xavier McDaniel
(Boston), Derrick Coleman (New Jersey), Reggie Miller (Indiana), Rice and Smith
of Miami, Norman, and, said Clippers' forward Danny Manning, "the Clippers."

Manning said the Clippers talk trash just to be talking.

"Our whole team talks trash," he said. "As long as you're backing it up it
doesn't matter. That's the bottom line."

Players insist trash talking should be nothing more than fun and games, though
it often gets much more personal than that.

"If a guy is out there talking and they're having fun and it's not getting too
personal -- like talking about your family, girlfriend or wife -- that's all
right," Dallas Mavericks guard Derek Harper said. "That's just a part of
basketball."

Sometimes trash talking can backfire, however. In a recent game at Reunion
Arena, Rice and Mavericks' guard Jim Jackson got into a verbal scrimmage, with
Rice winning.

"Jimmy Jackson told me I couldn't check him, and I told him it was the other way
around: you can't check me," Rice said. "I told him, 'I'm the one making all the
shots; you're the one missing all the shots.' "

That night, Rice hit 12 of 24 shots and finished with a game-high 29 points,
while Jackson was 4 of 13 and scored 13 points.

"I love when a guy talks trash to me," Rice said. "It gets me pumped. The best
thing to do is not talk trash to me."

The "trash" the players talk is often humorous. Armstrong said: "I like Chuck
Person and Xavier because they amuse me. They'll say something like: 'I've got a
little one on me.' Or, 'I've got a mouse in the house.' "

Smith says the NBA has a trash-talking fraternity. In other words, players only
talk trash to players who they grew up with or to players whom they know well.

"I don't consider what I do on the court as being trash talking," Smith said.
"Derrick Coleman and I both grew up in Detroit talking junk, but you wouldn't be
able to print what we say to each other on the court.

"I use talking to motivate myself. And it's never with a person I don't even
know."


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LARRY BIRD: Larry Legend or Larry the Lip?

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 19, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Fresh Air Cleans Out Jets' Bunker

BYLINE:  By GEORGE VECSEY

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: HEMPSTEAD, N.Y.


RIGHT away, yesterday was a success for the New York Jets when Herman Edwards
did not stroll up to Steve Gutman, the president of the club, and hand him a
missive.

"You mean the one about the HC of the NYJ?" Gutman recalled with a bemused
smile, recalling how Bill Belichick ran to daylight a year ago with a hastily
written note of resignation moments before he was supposed to be introduced as
head coach.

This time, au contraire, as the football coaches like to say. In came Herman
Edwards, like a flare of California/Florida sunlight, a bright and gracious guy
who actually tells funny stories, particularly about his role in the classic
Meadowlands Fumble.

After regimes that were often sour or stale or sarcastic, the new Jets coach
looks as if he will be a terrific leader, although there is some question
because he has never been a head coach or coordinator.

The Bill Parcells era had some success, but people in the Jets' bunker tended to
tiptoe around for fear of having the great man belittle them for something or
other. That may indeed be how a lot of football works -- fear working downward
-- but Edwards does not seem to have a propensity for bullying.

As it happens, Edwards is one of only three African-American head coaches among
the 31 teams in the National Football League.

"I don't want to use it as a crutch," Edwards said yesterday. "I worked my way
up through the ranks. I was a good soldier. If I didn't get my shot, at least I
knew I dotted all the I's for the next guy who came along and got his chance."

Edwards gets his chance after contributing to success in Philadelphia as a
defensive back and in Kansas City and Tampa Bay as a scout and assistant coach.

"It's like I tell my son," Edwards said with animation. "I give him a broom and
tell him to sweep the dirt in the room and I say, 'Don't forget about the
corners.' "

He seems to have a life. His son, Marcus, a senior in high school, would have
been with him yesterday except that he has finals and a basketball game. His
wife, Lia, flew up from Tampa and spoke about her husband with what could be
described as passion.

"He is so positive," she told a small cluster of reporters. "Three years ago, I
was diagnosed with diabetes, and he was the one who said, 'It's O.K.' He was my
angel.

"I was feeling my life was shortened. I refused to check my own blood, but he
pricked himself and then did it for me, and he said: 'Hey, I travel. You've got
to do it on your own.' He is so caring. He's my best friend. I can tell him
everything -- negative or positive."

Edwards displayed his sense of humor when he was prodded for details about his
play in 1978, when he scooped up a fumble and ran it in for a winning touchdown,
setting off rebellion among Giants fans.

Yesterday, he tried to pass it off as being "in the right place at the right
time," with the Giants trying to kill the clock with a lead.

"They ran the ball and got 5-6 yards," he recalled. "But then they tried to
kneel with the ball and Bill Bergey ran into one of their guys and nearly
started a fight. They got a signal from the bench to not fall on the ball, and
they started arguing in the huddle."

Joe Pisarcik, the quarterback, gets the blame, somewhat unfairly, but he, his
running back, Larry Csonka, and the center, Jim Clack, were all victims of bad
play-calling by the coaches.

"Csonka was saying, 'Don't run with the ball,' and Clack was worried about the
clock running down," he said.

"I was off to the side talking with Doug Kotar, and we're going, 'Nice game,
nice game,' and Clack hiked the ball and it got loose and Csonka didn't want it,
and Kotar didn't see a thing. I just went around him and I heard Kotar say, 'Oh,
no.' "

The kicker to the story is that a year later, Pisarcik ("the poor guy," Edwards
said) wound up as a backup quarterback with the Eagles.

"He walked into the locker room and Bergey tossed a football on the floor and
said, 'Hey, play it again.' "

Edwards was having fun sharing a bit of clubhouse gallows humor, knowing he was
not exactly giving away the secrets to the A-bomb. He was a walking
advertisement for the opening up of the coaching pool. May there be more
wherever it is he comes from.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: From left, Terry Bradway, Herman Edwards and Robert Wood Johnson
IV. (Michelle V. Agins/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              347 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                 August 6, 1993, Friday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

REINSTATED

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 208 words


A New York federal judge reinstated Leonard Jeffries as black studies chairman
at City College but cut 10% from a jury's $ 400,000 damage award for his ouster
after Jeffries said Jews and the Mafia conspired to belittle blacks in movies
and Jews helped finance the slave trade.

HALF SISTER: President Clinton's father, a traveling salesman who died before he
was born, may have fathered a daughter in addition to Clinton and his alleged
half brother, Arizona Republic reported. Sharon Pettijohn's birth certificate
lists William Jefferson Blythe of Sherman, Texas, as her father. She was born in
Kansas City, Mo., in 1941, five years before he married Clinton's mother. White
House had no immediate comment on the 52-year-old Tucson resident.

DEATHS . . .

COPENHAGEN, DENMARK: U.S.-born jazz pianist Kenny Drew, who helped turn
Copenhagen into a European jazz center, died at 64.

NEW YORK: Rabbi Mayer Grunburg, a renowned Talmudic scholar, died at age 83.

CORRECTIONS, CLARIFICATIONS . . .

The story Thursday on 1B should have said quarterback Troy Aikman, who had back
surgery June 19, began practicing with the Dallas Cowboys July 20.

The story Thursday on 8B should have said Ronald Haft is president of Dart
Group.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 10, 1993

CORRECTION: Corrections cited in story not kept.

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION; FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              348 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Canadian border doesn't need fences

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 380 words


Oct. 19--U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials announced plans last week
to possibly increase security along the northern border. Their plans include
five options, ranging from "doing nothing" to "cutting trenches, constructing
towers or raising fences to improve Border Patrol navigability and prevent
illegal crossings."

We don't mean to belittle the problem of illegal drug or weapons trafficking
across the northern border, but we have to ask: Aren't there bigger things this
agency could be putting their resources toward?

On Monday, Reuters reported a story out of San Antonio about the infamous
Mexican drug cartel "The Zetas" recruiting Texas children to do their bidding
for "easy money." They're calling them the expendables, and 25 minors have been
arrested in the past year for these activities. A 12-year-old boy was arrested
last week for driving a truck with 800 pounds of marijuana inside. Two teenagers
last month were kidnapped, beaten, ransomed and released into a remote area of
the Rio Grande River.

Call us crazy, but these seem like vastly larger problems for the agency to put
their resources toward. Even if the measures they want to implement along the
Canadian border are as mild as putting up a fence similar to one a person might
put in a suburban backyard, is it really going to make that much of an impact
that we should invest taxpayer dollars?

According to Public Safety Canada's border drug threat assessment of 2004,
Canadian-produced marijuana accounts for 2 percent of overall U.S. border drug
seizures. That's a pretty low number in the scheme of things. We find it hard to
believe a fence will really make a dent in that number.

And as Idaho Rep. George Eskridge, R-Dover, pointed out, "No matter how small or
short in distance, any unilateral action to build a fence sends the worst
possible message to our neighbors and friends to the north as well as to the
rest of the world."

We're already not so popular worldwide. Of all people, do we really need to
irritate the Canadians, too?

We hope the agency picks Option A -- do nothing.

- Kelcie Moseley, for the editorial board

___ (c)2011 the Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) Visit the
Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) at www.dnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111019-1MW-EDITORIAL-Canadian-border-doesn-t-need-fences-20111019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              349 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 24, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Youth vote belittles Bonds Sampling of young players in area finds most don't
support Giants slugger

BYLINE: Joel A. Erickson Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-06

LENGTH: 474 words


Barry Bonds is a few swings from breaking the most significant record in
American sports. But instead of prepping for a standing ovation, most baseball
fans outside of San Francisco seem to be turning their collective back on Bonds
as he readies to pass Hank Aaron as the all-time home run king.

An AP-Ipsos poll released last week showed just 40 percent of fans nationwide
want Bonds to set the record.

If an unscientific poll of Colorado's next generation of pitchers, catchers and
shortstops is any indication, Bonds has lost the kids, too.

In interviews of 25 youth baseball players at recent games, 68 percent said, in
one way or another, that the record-breaking homer will be tainted by the
cream-and-clear cloud hovering over Bonds.

The kids were asked, "What do you think of Barry Bonds setting the all-time home
run record?" If they mentioned allegations of Bonds' use of steroids, they were
asked a follow-up question about whether the allegations bothered them.

"If you're going to break a record, you should do it without having to cheat,"
said Petey Martinez, 12, of Pueblo.

Before Bonds, way back before Pete Rose bet his way out of baseball, legend has
it the most famous reaction to the biggest scandal in baseball history - the
1919 Black Sox Scandal - came from a kid.

"Say it ain't so, Joe."

Or so the myth goes of the young fan disappointed that all-star Shoeless Joe
Jackson was suspected of trying to throw World Series games.

Kids still have baseball heroes, but they want those heroes to be perfect.

"He would still have hit home runs if he didn't take steroids," Lute Moss, 12,
of Evergreen, said of Bonds. "But when he took steroids, that's cheating, so he
shouldn't be in the record books."

The mere fact that steroids, home runs and Barry Bonds have been consistently
linked in the media doesn't mean the Giants' slugger has lost all of his younger
fans outside the city of San Francisco.

"I think he's really strong and powerful," said Nathan Rewalt, 9, of Aurora.

Some of Bonds' young supporters, such as Nathan, seemed unaware of the steroids
issue. Others had heard of the allegations but were not concerned.

"If he did take steroids, he wouldn't be in the league right now," said Trevor
Thomas, an 11-year-old from Fort Collins who counts Bonds among his favorite
players.

Thomas is looking forward to No. 756 and hopes it comes in San Francisco this
week before Bonds' most ardent fans.

"I hope he breaks it at home, because I don't want anybody to boo," he said.

Most of the kids didn't know much about Aaron, considering that Ken Griffey Jr.
was already a veteran by the time most of them were born. But the Aaron fans
aren't happy with Bonds.

"I like Hank Aaron. I don't want his record to be broken," said Austin
Herringshaw, 10, of Aurora.

Staff writer Joel A. Erickson can be reached at 303-954-1980 or
jerickson@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 9, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CLINTON BELITTLES DOLE'S TAX PLAN: 'LIKE GOING TO THE CANDY STORE'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 309 words

DATELINE: SALINAS, CALIF.


Belittling Bob Dole's tax plan, President Bill Clinton promised Thursday to
oppose tax cuts the country could not afford and said some politicians treated
the issue "like going to the candy store."

"You know: 'I'll have some of that. Some of that. Some of that. Some of that.'
But if you eat it all at once, you might get sick," Clinton told a friendly
crowd of 2,000.

He did not mention Dole by name, but aides said afterward that Clinton was
referring to his Republican rival's $ 548 billion tax-cut plan, which includes
cutting the income-tax rate by 15 percent across the board.

In his most-pointed attack on Dole's proposal, the president said at an
anti-crime rally, "It might not be popular, but I will not advocate any cut in
taxes in this election that cannot be paid for in our attempt to balance the
budget."

As part of his seven-year balanced-budget plan, Clinton has proposed a series of
targeted tax cuts, including credits for families and students going to college.
Aides argued that Dole's larger plan would explode the deficit, which has
declined under Clinton.

"There'll be a lot of talk between now and November about tax cuts and how much
we should have and whether we can afford them," Clinton said. "And they all
sound good. It's like going to the candy store."

The tax remarks highlighted a politically charged two-day trip to California.
Although he holds a healthy double-digit lead in state polls, Clinton wanted to
show Republicans arriving at their national convention in San Diego that he
would not take California for granted.

In Salinas, Clinton hailed new FBI statistics showing the first drop in violent
juvenile crime in seven years as a vindication of anti-crime programs he has
pushed but said more must be done. He also gained the endorsement of the
International Union of Police Associations.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              351 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 20, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

Bullets in Position for Quality Player;
But Draft Unlikely to Yield Top Center;
Trade Still Possible

BYLINE: Anthony Cotton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE E1

LENGTH: 1543 words


It's easy to belittle the Washington Bullets and their NBA draft pretensions,
what with half of their 10 first- and second-round picks the last four years now
out of the league and another pair playing on another team.

Certainly there will be pressure on the Bullets, who already have traded away
next year's No. 1 to Dallas in the Jay Vincent deal, when their time comes in
the NBA draft next Tuesday. Selecting ninth, Washington has its highest pick in
five years.

But there's no reason to suspect the selection of a flop of monumental, or in
the case of the 5-foot-3 Tyrone (Muggsy) Bogues, diminutive proportion. In fact,
given the depth of the draft, Washington should get a quality player, albeit not
necessarily where it needs the most help.

No general manager keeps his thoughts or plans to himself more than the Bullets'
Bob Ferry, who has a lottery choice for the first time. With his son, Duke
all-America Danny Ferry, likely to be among the top three or four players taken,
Ferry has openly expressed his desire to trade for a higher place in the draft
in the hope of selecting his son.

Charles Jones and Dave Feitl do not an all-star center make, but there aren't an
abundance of quality pivotmen available. Stacey King of Oklahoma will be long
gone by the time the Bullets pick. Gary Leonard of Missouri should be there, but
he is regarded as a project and will take at least a couple of years to develop.
Even so, Washington's first-round void in 1990 and the fact that there will be
even fewer centers available in future seasons lead most NBA observers to
believe that the Bullets might take Leonard.

"He'll need time to develop but you're looking at a team (Washington) that needs
a center," said Billy McKinney, player personnel director of the expansion
Minnesota Timberwolves, who pick directly after the Bullets. "They're pleased
with their frontline otherwise, especially with the development of John
Williams, and they have to look at people like Tommy Hammonds, Cliff Robinson
and George McCloud. But they need a center."

To get King would mean moving into the one of the top five spots but that isn't
likely to happen for a number of reasons.

"Over the next week they'll be enough phone bills generated to solve the
national debt but there won't be much action, maybe just a couple of teams
flip-flopping spots," said Pat Williams, president of the other expansion team,
the Orlando Magic. "It's just too hard to move up; you have to give up too much
-- at least one player and most teams don't have the luxury of that kind of
depth."Not Much Trade Bait

Washington has found out in the past that it doesn't have many players who are
desired by other teams. Of the Bullets' starters other than Jones, forward
Bernard King has proven himself rehabilitated from a crippling knee injury, but
he's also 32. Guard Darrell Walker is a talented, versatile player but no team
is going to take him for a top-five pick.

That leaves John Williams and Jeff Malone. While there's disagreement, some NBA
people believe Williams is a cornerstone type, capable of leading a team into
the league's upper echelon. Malone also draws differing opinions; even if he
were traded, there's some question whether Washington could recover from his
loss.

"I think Jeff Malone is a big time player," said one assistant coach, wishing to
stay nameless. "But I also think once everyone catches up to what Ledell Eackles
does, he [Eackles] won't be as effective."

Others in the Bullets' organization have expressed the same hesitation and admit
that at the present time, the team is helpless to the whims of those selecting
in front of it.

"But you don't know what's going to happen," said Bullets' assistant coach Bill
Blair. "You might think you've got it all figured out but you can never do it
totally. It could be that numbers one through eight go lockstep one right after
the other but someone could make a mistake and throw everything out of whack.
Any kind of surprise movement would help us, any jumble of that front group.
Maybe a team wants a particular player that isn't in that first group so they
move up to get him, that could help us."

There was a great deal of trade talk blowing out of Chicago late last week. One
potential deal had the Bulls sending reserve center Will Perdue and the sixth
pick to Boston in exchange for power forward Kevin McHale. Another had Chicago
forward Brad Sellers and the 20th choice going to the Timberwolves for former
Detroit Piston Rick Mahorn.

Those deals, particularly the latter, would work out in the Bullets' favor. Like
Washington, Chicago is craving a muscular power forward with size. If the Bulls
were to get Mahorn, their attention would probably turn toward a guard, say
McCloud of Florida State or Glen Rice of Michigan, if he's still available at
No. 6. That would mean another front court player, perhaps Randy White of
Louisiana Tech or J.R. Reid of North Carolina, would drop lower than expected.

But if Pat Williams is right, and the status quo is maintained until next
Tuesday, then what?Leonard Could Be What

Gary Leonard never averaged more than five points a game until his senior year,
when he reached 10.4. Accused of being impassive on the floor, there's little
question the 7-1 center from Missouri will be the first pivotman selected after
King. Scouts feel that his performances in the Big 8 and NCAA tournaments showed
that with the proper motivation, he could become a good pro.

Seattle SuperSonics Coach Bernie Bickerstaff isn't put off by Leonard's acerbic
wit (before a news conference during the Big 8 tournament, he advised a
reluctant teammate to pretend he was a witness at the Iran-Contra hearings).

"To me that just shows he's intelligent and that's going to have to be the
difference now," Bickerstaff said. "Everybody can play basketball; the guys that
will succeed now are the intelligent ones."

Reid's intelligence has never been questioned but the pros wanted to know a
number of other things after the 6-9, 256-pound forward decided to leave North
Carolina following his junior year. For one, how legitimate was the talk that he
didn't get along with Coach Dean Smith, the two bumping heads over a number of
incidents? And was the drop in Reid's scoring and rebounding averages (from 18
points and nine rebounds to 15.9 and six) from his sophomore to junior seasons
indicative of any long-term deficiencies?

If enough of the teams picking before Washington feel that is indeed the case,
then Reid could be available to the Bullets. Others think that isn't going to
happen, that if the Charlotte Hornets don't take him, the Bulls -- in the
absence of a trade for Mahorn or McHale -- will.

"There's no way he'll last to nine," said Philadelphia assistant coach Fred
Carter. "All the stuff about him . . . people don't understand that it's a new
day now for these kids. It may seem like blasphemy but this is a new generation
that's into challenging instead of merely accepting what a coach says.

"The bottom line is that it's like all the Carolina guys are shackled when
they're there. Look at people like Michael Jordan and James Worthy and the
difference between their games in college and the pros. Carolina guys are much
better in the pros and the NBA people all know that," said Carter.

If Reid is gone and the Bullets decide that Leonard is too much of a risk, a
safer choice would be either Hammonds of Georgia Tech or Robinson of
Connecticut. Both are power forwards and, while not regarded as sure things, are
expected to be able to contribute no matter where they go.

Hammonds, 6-9, 215 pounds, averaged 19 points with almost eight rebounds over
his junior and senior seasons; Robinson, 6-11, 223, averaged 20 points and seven
rebounds during his senior year.

"Hammonds is steadier. You'll be more confident of what you're getting with him
but Robinson has a higher upside if he can consistently do the things he's shown
flashes of," said Sam Schuler, a scout with the Golden State Warriors. "Hammonds
is a low-post player, his [shooting] range is about eight to 12 feet. Robinson
can go about 12 to 15 feet out and he can run the floor well. The consensus
around the league says take Hammonds first."Foreign Talent

If the Bullets feel particularly adventurous, they could opt for one of the few
players who may qualify for sleeper status this season -- Vlade Divac, a 6-11
center from Belgrade, Yugoslavia. Divac, 21, averaged 11.7 points and 6.5
rebounds during the 1988 Olympics and is regarded, along with Arvydas Sabonis of
the Soviet Union, as one of the two best foreign players in the world.

Divac has expressed an interest in playing in the NBA but is still required to
serve a year in the Yugoslavian military before age 27, which would make him a
risky proposition for any team.

"There are just too many questions surrounding him; there's the military, the
money that you'd have to pay the country to let him come over, he doesn't speak
any English," said Warriors Coach Don Nelson. "If you pick him and he doesn't
come over right away that might make him a free agent and then you've wasted a
pick -- I don't see how any team could draft him higher than the middle to lower
portions of the first round."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MOOKIE BLAYLOCK. AP; PHOTO

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              352 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 30, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Poverty Plays Role in South's Murder Rate

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 177 words



To the Editor:

Your July 26 Week in Review article on the murder rate in the South is
thoughtful but belittles one point: the role of government. Until the 1960's,
the local, state and Federal authorities did little to oppose the violence of
the Ku Klux Klan or to stem the lynch mobs that murdered more than 3,000 people
between 1882 and 1960.

During that time sheriffs sometimes prevented vigilantes from dragging prisoners
out of their cells, but too often law enforcement and other officials stood by,
or even participated in murder. It took the civil rights movement to force the
government to combat the K.K.K. and to pressure local government to protect the
rights of all people.

Surely government policies, particularly Southern states' lax laws on the
manufacture, sale and use of firearms, continue to contribute to lawless
behavior in the South. The result is the high murder rate that persists today.

SALLY A. BERMANZOHN
Brooklyn, July 28, 1998

The writer is an assistant professor of political science at Brooklyn College.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              353 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Spin Cycle

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 373 words


Fluffing and folding the news

Life vs. art

If San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom is looking for someone to blame his problems
on, we have a ready scapegoat: ABC's "Grey's Anatomy." The hit show about a
group of surgical interns at fictitious Seattle Grace Hospital has set a new
standard for improper personal behavior. The residents have affairs with the
interns and sleep with each other's significant others with alarming regularity.
And see if this sounds familiar. Wife of nice, hard-working husband has affair
with hot best friend of husband, and when nice, hard-working husband finds out,
he leaves his job. Chaos ensues. We've even come up with a handy catchphrase:
"Blame the Grey."

The signs are coming!

We don't mean to belittle the fear experienced last week by our fine brothers
and sisters in Boston, but we are stunned to learn that the flashing cartoon
signs that sent them into a state of hysteria had been flashing all over San
Francisco for weeks with nary a raised eyebrow. Considering Boston is home to
people who drive on sidewalks and go through red lights when they think they've
waited long enough for the green, we just don't understand where the terror came
from. What would make Boston panic and San Francisco snooze? We can only surmise
it was a case of hereditary paranoia. More than 200 years ago, Boston was under
siege by the redcoats. All San Francisco has ever experienced is an influx of
flower children.

Pregnant pause

Bella Diosa, a San Diego-based family company, has launched a new line of
maternity lingerie. That sounds nice, wholesome even. Pregnant women.
Childbearing. Warm fuzzy time. But it turns out the lingerie is designed to
seduce and entice, and the naughty nighties look like something from Frederick's
of Hollywood, only with tummy stretch panels and nursing bras. We think pregnant
women are beautiful, and we certainly don't mean to imply they can't be sexy,
which is how many of them got pregnant to begin with. But we have a hard time
connecting "maternity" and "thong." We plan to blame the Grey.

-- Joan Morris/Times

Spin Cycle is a random column that takes a quirky view of the daily news and
everyday happenings. Comments? Direct them to Joan Morris at 925-977-8479 or
jmorris@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tables Turned On the G.O.P. Over Iraq Issue

BYLINE: By ADAM NAGOURNEY and JIM RUTENBERG

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; THE 2006 CAMPAIGN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1513 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 18


Four months ago, the White House offered a set of clear political directions to
Republicans heading into the midterm elections: embrace the war in Iraq as
critical to the antiterrorism fight and belittle Democrats as advocates of a
''cut and run'' policy of weakness.

With three weeks until Election Day, Republican candidates are barely mentioning
Iraq on the campaign trail and in their television advertisements.

Even President Bush, continuing to attack Democrats for opposing the war, has
largely dropped his call of ''stay the course'' and replaced it with a more
nuanced promise of flexibility.

It is the Democrats who have seized on Iraq as a central issue. In debates and
in speeches, candidates are pummeling Republicans with accusations of a failed
war.

Rather than avoiding confrontation on Iraq as they did in 2002 and 2004, they
are spotlighting their opposition in new television advertisements that feature
mayhem and violence in Iraq, denounce Republicans for supporting Mr. Bush and,
in at least one case, demand the ouster of Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.

''I support our troops and I voted for the war, but we shouldn't stay the
course, as Mr. Corker wants,'' Representative Harold E. Ford Jr., the Democratic
candidate for Senate in Tennessee, says in one advertisement.

Mr. Ford's Republican opponent, Bob Corker, is shown against a backdrop of
wartime scenes, saying, ''We should stay the course,'' a phrase that Republicans
once described as a rallying cry for the campaign.

Taken together, the discussion on the campaign trail suggests just how much of a
problem the Iraq war has become for Republicans. It represents a startling
contrast with the two national elections beginning in 2002 with the preparation
for the Iraq invasion, in which Republicans used the issue to keep Democrats on
the run on foreign policy and national security.

The development also suggests that what has been a classic strategy of Mr.
Bush's senior adviser, Karl Rove -- to turn a weakness into a strength -- is not
working as well as the White House had hoped.

''As the Iraq war gets more unpopular, the environment for Republican candidates
erodes,'' said Mark Campbell, a Republican strategist who represents several
Congressional candidates, including Representative Jim Gerlach of Pennsylvania,
who is fighting for re-election in one of the toughest races.

''Only in an election year this complicated can Republicans be happy that Mark
Foley knocked the Iraq war off the front page,'' Mr. Campbell said.

A senior strategist familiar with Republican polling who insisted on anonymity
to share internal data said that as of midsummer it was clear that ''stay the
course'' was a self-defeating argument.

At that point, the strategist said, Republicans started trying to refine their
oratory or refocus the debate back to discussing terrorism, where Republicans
continue to say they wield the stronger hand and where candidates are running
advertisements that Democrats describe as effective.

Democrats, seeing similar data in their polls, advised candidates to confront
Republicans aggressively, in the view that accusations that Democrats would
''cut and run'' would not blunt Democrats' efforts to mock Republicans as
wanting to ''stay the course.''

''For the first time in modern memory, Democrats are actually on the offensive
when it comes to national security,'' said Matt Bennett, a founder of Third Way,
a moderate Democratic organization that has been briefing Democrats on
discussing the war and national security. ''It is really stunning.''

As of this week, party officials said, Democratic candidates in at least 17 of
roughly 35 closely contested Congressional seats and at least six of eight
Senate races considered close are running television advertisements against the
Iraq war, presenting viewpoints that extend to calling for a troop withdrawal.

More broadly, Democrats in all parts of the country, in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Ohio and New Mexico are embracing the war issue.

''It's not just the Northeast and the West Coast,'' Senator Charles E. Schumer
of New York, head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, said. ''It's
places like Virginia and Tennessee. Iraq and foreign policy are to a large
extent albatrosses around the Republicans' neck this year. And they don't know
what to do about it.''

Republicans and Democrats said the White House effort to turn the war into an
affirmative Republican issue was undercut by the increasing violence there,
along with more American deaths that have brought the war home in the form of
mournful articles in local newspapers.

That complicated the White House effort to present the Iraq war as part of the
antiterrorism effort, and it has contributed to support for the war reaching
record or near-record lows.

In the New York Times/CBS News Poll taken from Oct. 5 to Oct. 8, two-thirds of
respondents said they disapproved of Mr. Bush's handling of the war and 66
percent said the war was going somewhat or very badly.

In the poll, 45 percent said Democrats were more likely to make the right
decision on Iraq, compared with 34 percent of Republicans.

The White House counselor, Dan Bartlett, said Mr. Bush had always emphasized
flexibility in tactics to achieve victory in Iraq. Mr. Bartlett said the
president's recent added emphasis on adaptability had been prompted by the
violence in Iraq and reactions to it, not because Republicans were on the
defensive.

''The public sees what's happening in Iraq, they see the persistent violence,
and they want to make sure that we're adapting,'' Mr. Bartlett said.

He said the White House and the Republican Party were not about to cede the
traditional advantages on national security to Democrats. Mr. Bush, he added,
would step up his attacks on their national security credentials at campaign
appearances in Pennsylvania and Virginia on behalf of two of the most endangered
candidates, Senator George Allen of Virginia and Representative Don Sherwood of
Pennsylvania.

Mr. Bartlett said Iraq remained a winning issue in the broader context of the
war on terrorism, which the party would continue to hit hard.

Mr. Bush tried to do that on Wednesday in an interview on ABC News, telling
George Stephanopoulos, the interviewer, that when voters go to the polls on Nov.
7 ''they're going to want to know what that person's going to do, what is the
plan for a candidate on Iraq, what do they believe?''

When Mr. Stephanopoulos asked Mr. Bush whether the increasing violence in Iraq
was similar to the Tet Offensive in 1968, the Vietnam War campaign that is often
cited as turning American opinion against the war, Mr. Bush said such a
comparison ''could be right,'' suggesting that terrorists were aiming for a
similar result.

Mr. Bush's aides said he would continue to criticize Democrats on the war even
if his words were not echoed by Republican candidates the way they were in 2002
and 2004.

In this environment, several Republicans said they had given up on trying to win
an advantage on the war and would be satisfied in at least wrestling Democrats
to a draw on it.

''When you lay out arguments in a clear way, you can argue this thing to sort of
neutral at worst and, possibly, a slight advantage,'' said Russ Schriefer, a
Republican strategist who is advising several candidates this year.

Mr. Schriefer said the best case that Republicans could make now was that ''we
can't afford to leave until the job is finished.''

Andrew Kohut, president of the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press,
which has polled extensively on attitudes toward the war, said Pew figures
suggested that one hope for Republicans earlier in this campaign -- that
Democrats would be hurt if they were perceived as criticizing the war without
offering a strategy for withdrawal -- had not been borne out.

''They are not getting punished for not offering an opinion,'' Mr. Kohut said.
''The Democrats have an advantage on this issue, without having to say much
about it.''

Republicans and Democrats said they could not name any examples of Republicans'
trying to use the war as a campaign issue.

But examples of the war being used by Democrats were abundant this week. In a
debate in New Jersey, Thomas H. Kean Jr., the Republican challenger to Senator
Robert Menendez, was repeatedly asked -- 27 times, according to a statement put
out by Senate Democrats -- whether he would have voted for the resolution
authorizing the Iraq war.

Mr. Kean refused to answer.

In Florida on Wednesday, Ron Klein, the Democratic challenger to Representative
E. Clay Shaw Jr., an embattled Republican, attacked Mr. Shaw with an
advertisement that said the congressman ''even refuses to question Bush's
handling of the war in Iraq.''

And in Rhode Island, Sheldon Whitehouse, a Democrat who is making a strong
challenge to Senator Lincoln Chafee, one of the six most-endangered Republicans,
began running an advertisement urging the dismissal of Mr. Rumsfeld.

''Chafee refuses to call for his firing,'' the commercial said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Democratic advertisements against Republicans over Iraq
include, clockwise from top left, Senator Robert Menendez's against Thomas H.
Kean Jr. in New Jersey, Ron Klein's against Representative E. Clay Shaw Jr. in
Florida, Jim Webb's against Senator George Allen in Virginia and Sherrod Brown's
against Senator Mike DeWine in Ohio. (pg. A18)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              355 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 April 2, 2003

Why we need to prepare for the worst

BYLINE: Anthony Cheung

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1117 words


When it comes to health issues, Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa does not have luck
on his side. A few months after he took office in 1997, the avian flu broke out,
which caused an immense public scare and led to the slaughtering of 1.8 million
chickens. Shocking media images damaged his administration's popularity.

Now, less than nine months into his second term of office, Mr Tung must deal
with the outbreak of the more menacing atypical pneumonia, dubbed severe acute
respiratory syndrome (Sars) by the World Health Organisation.

Wisdom in hindsight should not be used to belittle the difficulties and
uncertainties that officials confronting the pneumonia crisis have gone through.
However, with Hong Kong now virtually declared an unsafe city, it is necessary
to ask if we have learned any lessons from the past.

The avian flu outbreak taught us that what emerged as a mutant virus could also
cause, through official mishandling, a mutation in the nature of the crisis, so
that eventually it became a crisis of confidence in the government's competence.

Overconfidence at the initial stage of the outbreak, overdependence on narrow
professional and administrative criteria for defining a problem, insufficient
information disclosed to an anxious public and poor co-ordination among
departments fuelled public anger and tarnished the government's reputation.

Mr Tung's second-term government seems more attuned to media spin. There are
those who hoped that he might use the fight against Sars to rebuild his
leadership and popularity, as former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani did so
superbly after September 11. But crisis management is more about how crisis is
defined and how people perceive it.

As Mr Giuliani put it: "The way citizens would perceive the information they
were getting would be as important as the information itself." Indeed, many
crises in government and business, or battles and wars, are fought on the basis
of information.

Hong Kong's medical personnel were obviously caught unprepared in their first
encounter with patients infected with the virus. They had limited information
and were not helped by tight-lipped health authorities in Guangdong, where the
virus was first found. But once the new virus was confirmed in early March, how
to assess its impact became critical.

From what is known, authorities underestimated the looming crisis. The initial
diagnosis that infection was confined to hospitals and had not spread to the
community - a line held officially for two weeks until the virus broke out in
residential blocks and then offices and public places - gave it a head start.

This was a repeat of the initial confidence expressed by top officials during
the avian flu crisis that eating chicken was absolutely safe.

Of course, medical judgment has to be based on empirical evidence, and
administrative decisions have to abide by conventional wisdom and procedural
clarity. This might explain why Secretary for Health, Welfare and Food, Yeoh
Eng-kiong, himself a doctor, insisted as late as March 17 that "there is still
not an outbreak".

Similarly, Secretary for Education and Manpower Arthur Li Kwok-cheung, who is
also a doctor, ruled on March 25 that the closure of all schools in the special
administrative region would not reduce the risk of contracting the virus,
despite parents' anxieties.

But by then the crisis had turned into one of public confidence. As the number
of infections continued to climb and conflicting information circulated even
within the medical community, public panic began to dominate media headlines.

Thus, Mr Tung's about-face last Thursday, admitting that there was a widespread
pneumonia outbreak and that community-wide measures were needed to combat the
disease, was seen by many as coming too late.

Inter-departmental co-operation is working better this time. The relative
efficiency in identifying the virus should be commended. The fact that many
frontline doctors and nurses are risking their lives, with Hospital Authority
chief William Ho Siu-wai and his colleagues even falling prey to the virus, has
helped the government win back some sympathy.

Former Chinese foreign trade vice-minister Long Yongtu has derided the local
media's "unbalanced" coverage of Sars as harmful to Hong Kong's overseas image.
But he clearly misses the point.

The best cure to information distortion is information itself, which has to be
as transparent, accessible, authoritative and consistent as possible.

Otherwise, just as the pneumonia virus spreads in all directions, the
information virus will also multiply at a high rate.

Crisis management only works if those in charge believe that even a single spark
can ignite a whole forest. One does not need to be reminded of the story of Mrs
O'Leary's cow (which caused fire in a stable that got out of control and
eventually engulfed all of Chicago in the 19th century) to go on the alert with
any sign of a virus attack or public scare. Basing decisions on the worse -case,
rather than best-case scenarios, must be at the heart of any crisis management
strategy.

Other governments have failed similarly in crisis management. Postmortem
evaluation of Britain's foot and mouth disease outbreak in 2001 pointed to
bureaucratic failure, cultural complacency, lack of preparedness and inadequate
risk assessment and contingency planning. Most of what passed for crisis
management was reactive and ad hoc.

More fundamentally, even as science and technology advance, modern society is
not necessarily safer, nor can all risks be predicted and averted.

We have become a "risk society" where science, while solving old problems, is
creating new risks. Human casualties are caused more by industrial and dietary
hazards (including food engineering) than natural infectious diseases.

The destruction of humans through digital technology or cyber-terrorism is much
more calamitous than natural disasters.

A hi-tech society can be a high-risk society. The more government leaders and
individual citizens realise the existence of such "manufactured uncertainties"
and the unpredictability of risks, the better prepared they will be -
cognitively, behaviorally and psychologically - to cope with any risk outbreak.

Risk causes panic and panic leads to blame. Such a vicious cycle does not help
make our society a safer place in which to live. Educating individuals to take
their own responsibility in facing risks is a much more proactive way of
managing risk.

Anthony Cheung Bing-leung is a professor in public administration at City
University of Hong Kong and chairman of SynergyNet, a policy think tank

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2003 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              356 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 9, 1984, Tuesday, Final Edition

49ers Belittle Giants, 31-10, to Go 6 -0

BYLINE: By Christine Brennan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; E1

LENGTH: 871 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Oct. 8, 1984


San Francisco 49er Coach Bill Walsh figured this was the night his team would
make it big. Monday Night Football, national TV, the Big Apple, the works.
"You're not really a class team," he said, "unless you win in New York City.
Boxers, entertainers, actors, actresses -- they've all done it here."

Now, his team has, too, although, as a drama, his road show might be a hard
sell.

If anyone doubted that the undefeated 49ers were for real, 7 minutes 33 seconds
of Monday Night Football certainly convinced them. They scored 21 points in that
time in the first quarter tonight en route to a 31-10 victory over the New York
Giants in front of 76,112 at Giants Stadium.

"I hope they were watching," fullback Roger Craig said of all the viewers who
were potential channel-switchers as the 49ers, now 6-0 and off to their best
start since 1948, jumped to a 28-3 halftime lead.

"We really wanted to look good tonight, and we did."

The 49ers, led by quarterback Joe Montana's 15-for-24 passing for 207 yards and
three touchdowns, took advantage of a blitzing Giant defense with swing passes
to the backs to send the Giants to a 3-3 record, one game behind the Redskins
and Dallas Cowboys in the NFC East.

The Giants scored their only touchdown of the night with 1:17 remaining in the
game on Butch Woolfolk's one-yard run, the first touchdown scored against the
49ers in 12 periods. The few hundred fans remaining at the Meadowlands Complex
cheered derisively.

"When you don't give up a touchdown in 12 quarters," Montana said in the locker
room, "it's almost impossible for you not to win."

If the Giants, who began the season 2-0 before losing to the Redskins last
month, could not slow the 49ers' juggernaut, it's unlikely anyone will for the
next month. San Francisco's next five games come against opponents with a
combined eight victories.

This game proved a couple things about the 49ers, who, with the Dolphins, are
the only unbeaten teams in the NFL. Walsh was pleased that the stars of this
game -- Craig (33 yards rushing, seven receptions for 95 yards), Wendell Tyler
(101 yards on 14 carries), and Renaldo Nehemiah (a 59-yard touchdown reception)
-- were different from the stars of previous games.

"We just feel we have good dimension to this team," he said.

The 49ers looked extremely quick on the artificial surface, cutting back against
the grain to break tackles against a blitzing, aggressive Giant defense.

"This surface is made for the runner," said Walsh, who was happy to go to the
run to protect his lead and Montana, who has returned from missing a game with
bruised ribs.

And it showed how adaptable the 49ers are, going to swing passes to the backs
when the blitz came on strong inside.

"That was our game plan," Walsh said. "When they were blitzing, we went to the
swing pass to get Craig on single coverage outside."

Montana's first touchdown pass came with less than three minutes gone in the
game, a 59-yard deep turnup pattern to Nehemiah, the former University of
Maryland world-class hurdler and Superstars winner. Nehemiah worked his way
behind cornerback Mark Haynes down the right sideline for his first touchdown of
the season. Ray Wersching's extra point gave the 49ers a 7-0 lead.

Four minutes later, it was touchdown No. 2, a one-yard pass from Montana to
rookie tight end John Frank. It came at the end of a 75-yard drive that took
only 1:53, thanks largely to Tyler's 25-yard run and two 21-yard passes from
Montana to fullback Craig. The second Craig reception took the ball to the one,
setting up Frank's first NFL reception.

The Giants' next possession ended in Dave Jennings' 39-yard punt to Dana
McLemore at the New York 21. Moments later, McLemore ended up in the end zone
after breaking three open-field tackles on a 79-yard return for the third San
Francisco touchdown.

The Giants finally got things going on their next possession, an 82-yard drive
that ended disappointingly in a 20-yard Ali Haji-Sheikh field goal, cutting the
margin to 21-3.

After moving with relative ease to the San Francisco three-yard line with a
first down, the Giants went through three plays of utter futility. First, tight
end Zeke Mowatt fell down as quarterback Phil Simms rolled to his right, looking
only for Mowatt. Simms threw the ball anyway for an incompletion.

On second down, a meaningless fake dive into the line drew no attention as Simms
again fired incomplete. Finally, on third down, Simms' pass to Mowatt in the
corner of the end zone hit free safety Dwight Hicks square in the back and
bounced to the artificial turf, forcing the field goal.

The 49ers added their final touchdown of the half on Montana's eight-yard swing
pass to Craig with 9:04 remaining in the second quarter. Taking over on their
nine, the 49ers relied on two passes to Craig coming out of the backfield and a
10-yard pass to Dwight Clark on third and eight at the Giants' 21 to set up the
final pass to Craig for the 28-3 lead.

The 49ers' only points of the second half came on Wersching's 37-yard field goal
at 9:14 of the third period. San Francisco's 32-yard drive for the field goal
was set up by linebacker Jim Fahnhorst's interception of a Simms pass at the San
Francisco 48.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Renaldo Nehemniah is off on a 59-yard touchdown run for the
49ers after taking a first-period pass from Joe Montana. UPI

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              357 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            June 11, 2008 Wednesday

Cole: Woman needs separation from intolerable mother

BYLINE: Harriette Cole ADVICE

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Features; Advice

LENGTH: 463 words


Dear Harriette: I am a single, 39-year-old, college-educated woman with a great
job and issues with my mother. She constantly tries to belittle me by talking
down to me like I am her dog. She comes at me in all types of negative ways, but
I'm supposed to just take it and go. I have never, and will never, disrespect my
mother, and I feel that I need to just move as far away from her as possible.
She frequently compares me with successful younger cousins to try and addle my
brain, but it does not work. I tell her I'm glad they are doing well in their
lives. I have tried to talk to her, but she just snaps at me. We share a
two-family home. What should I do in a positive way? Sell my half to her (which
she cannot afford) and move?

- Kimberly, Brooklyn, N.Y.

Dear Kimberly: You must move out. Can you rent your half of the home? Do that so
you can actually leave. Find someone who's not connected to your family, who is
reliable and whom you believe will be able to live his or her life without
getting caught up in your family's drama. Collect rent and move - now. Stand up
for yourself with your mother and set boundaries with regard to what you allow
her to say to you. When she crosses a boundary, tell her you will not continue
to talk to her if she keeps up this line of discussion. Be clear. She will learn
that you are serious, and she may come back around.

In order to become strong, you need separation and therapy. Get help so you can
recognize your personal beauty and power. You need to learn to love yourself
better. In turn, you may actually gain more compassion for your mother as you
also discover how to erect boundaries to protect your feelings.

Dear Harriette: I work in an office from 9 to 5, five days a week. Every day,
our kitchen is stocked with baked goods, pizzas and other unhealthy foods.
During lunchtime, everyone congregates around the kitchen area and eats lunch
together. I have been trying to keep a healthy diet; however, I often find it
difficult in such a tempting environment. How can I maintain a healthy lifestyle
without feeling left out?

- Meredith, Boston, Mass.

Dear Meredith: You may be happy to learn that an old practice is regaining
popularity in the workplace. People are once again bringing their lunch to work.
You can, too. Prepare your lunch at home. Make something healthy and add a
healthy snack or two - fruit, nuts, carrots. Then you can sit in the kitchen
with your co-workers and be less tempted by the food they are eating. You may
get a few jokes and jabs from co-workers at first about your menu. You can
endure that. Just laugh it off and stick to your plan to eat well and stay
healthy. You can do it!

---

* HARRIETTE COLE's column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. E-mail her at
askharriette@harriettecole.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 18, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Prosecutor Mocks Defense In Trial on Sexual Assault

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Feb. 17


In sarcastic tones, a prosecutor in the Glen Ridge sex-assault trial today
mocked defense lawyers' explanations for the sexual encounter in March 1989
between four former high school football players and a mildly retarded
schoolmate.

As he began his closing argument in the 18-week-old trial in Superior Court, the
prosecutor, Glenn D. Goldberg, directed much of his derision at Michael
Querques, the lawyer in the forefront of the defense team's effort throughout
the trial to depict the young woman as a promiscuous sexual aggressor who
initiated all the acts the state contends were crimes.

Mr. Goldberg picked apart Mr. Querques's opening argument last October and his
summation to the jury last week, seeking to belittle many of his arguments.

Mr. Querques, he reminded the jury, had said teen-age boys had a need to
experiment. "Boys may experiment with bugs and frogs and laboratory rats," Mr.
Goldberg said. "But they don't experiment with human females' body parts."

'This Is No Prank'

Mr. Querques, Mr. Goldberg went on, had said boys are pranksters.

"This is no prank," the prosecutor said. "You can't commit a prank on a young
woman with a bat and a broomstick."

He also recalled Mr. Querques's comment that "some girls like to see the joy on
a boy's face when he ejaculates." Then, holding up replicas of the bat and the
broom that the prosecution contends the young woman was assaulted with, Mr.
Goldberg said: "A bat doesn't ejaculate and a broom doesn't ejaculate. It's not
going to bring joy and pleasure to a girl's face."

The young woman's parents came to court for the start of Mr. Goldberg's
summation. It was her father's first appearance at the trial since it started in
mid-October. Her mother testified in late November, but had not returned to the
courtroom since then. They sat toward the rear of the spectator gallery, behind
representatives of the National Organization for Women and other women's groups
who attend the trial regularly.

Placing the Blame

Last week in his summation, Mr. Querques sought to blame the young woman's
mother for the 1989 encounter, arguing that she took no measures to protect
young men from her daughter.

Mr. Goldberg recalled today that Mr. Querques, in one of his several
explanations for the incident, attributed it to the young woman's mother. He
also noted that earlier Mr. Querques had blamed an obsession with sex in the
country for the incident.

Mr. Goldberg added: "He's already blamed the United States. Now he's blaming
mom. So what's left?"

He paused a few seconds before supplying his own answer. "Right -- apple pie,"
he said with a chuckle.

Several jurors giggled.

Mr. Querques sat without showing emotion at the defense table throughout Mr.
Goldberg's presentation. But two of his fellow defense lawyers, Thomas Ford and
Alan Zegas, sought to stop the prosecutor by objecting to the basic tenor of his
summation.

Mr. Ford called it "sneering and cynical" and irrelevant to the facts at issue
in the trial. Mr. Zegas argued that Mr. Goldberg was wasting time with his
"antics."

But the judge, R. Benjamin Cohen, sided with the prosecutor, saying he was "a
little amazed" at the objections. Judge Cohen said that Mr. Goldberg was
attacking the defense with the defense's own words and that this was perfectly
permissible. The judge said the defense had attacked the prosecution's case and
the prosecutors themselves, viciously at times, throughout the trial and he saw
no reason to interrupt Mr. Goldberg.

Mr. Goldberg criticized the defense lawyers for derogatory comments they made
about him and his colleagues, Robert D. Laurino and Elizabeth Miller-Hall,
during the trial. But he said there would be no efforts at retaliation because
name-calling defied reason, common sense and logic. Then, in one of his more
biting remarks, Mr. Goldberg said, "I could think of all kinds of names to call
people who stick a bat and a broom into a retarded girl."

The prosecutor recalled that Mr. Querques had mentioned his mother and father
during his opening remarks in October. Mr. Goldberg said that he knew neither of
the lawyer's parents but that he was certain that Mr. Querques's mother used a
broom only to sweep a floor and that Mr. Querques's father used a bat only to
play baseball.

Explanations Questioned

He also criticized one by one Mr. Querques's other explanations for the 1989
sexual encounter, including chemicals, hormones, Mother Nature, school boards
distributing condoms, pornographic magazines and X-rated films.

Before Mr. Goldberg spoke, Mr. Ford concluded the defense summation with a final
40 minutes of arguments. Altogether, the defense team's closing arguments, which
started last Monday, lasted 18 hours. Mr. Ford said the young woman did not
scream for help, try to leave or suffer any physical injury in the 1989
encounter.

"Deep down, in her vitals, her heart and her soul," she "knew that these boys
didn't commit a crime," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The prosecution team in the Glen Ridge sex-assault trial leaving
the courtroom yesterday during a recess in the first day of its closing
arguments. The team includes Robert D. Laurino, pulling a table full of files;
Glenn D. Goldberg, rear, and Elizabeth Miller-Hall, far right. (Frank C.
Dougherty for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              359 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 14, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PETER MARTINS AND THE CITY BALLET

SECTION: Section 6; Page 190, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 195 words


To say that Peter Martins flourished with the competition provided by Mikhail
Baryshnikov during the 16 months the Russian was a member of the company
belittles the City Ballet's many outstanding male dancers. Surely, Helgi
Tomasson, Ib Andersen and Bart Cook (to name just a few) should provide all the
competition Martins needs - although I was always under the impression that a
dancer at Martins's level competes primarily with himself.

Saying that Peter Martins began to dominate the company in 1972 is simply
untrue. He didn't dominate then and he doesn't now. One of the most exciting as-
pects of the City Bal- let is the diversity and strength of its dancers. Onlythe
works of George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins dominate the company - and that is
what the New York City Ballet is all about.  SHERYL FLATOW

Forest Hills, N.Y.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              360 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 18, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Your Manager Is a Bully (But You Aren't Helpless)

BYLINE: By MATT VILLANO

SECTION: Section 3; Column 1; Money and Business/Financial Desk; OFFICE SPACE:
CAREER COUCH; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 905 words


Q. Your boss regularly berates you in department meetings, and the behavior is
starting to become offensive to you. What should you do?A. Think before you act.
John McKee, president of Four Windows No Walls Consulting, a consulting firm in
Sedalia, Colo., says that although it is never acceptable for a boss to belittle
employees, reacting emotionally can prompt you to do something you will regret.

''The cold, hard truth is that psychotic bosses and psychotic organizations do
exist,'' Mr. McKee said. ''It's up to you to handle the situation professionally
and with dignity throughout.''Q. Why do some bosses behave this way?A. While it
is possible that the boss just doesn't like you, it is more likely that the
behavior has nothing to do with you or your performance.

Robert Hogan, president and founder of Hogan Assessment Systems, a personality
assessment company in Tulsa, Okla., said that bullying behavior could be
prompted by just about anything, from a bad day to sagging earnings to pressure
from upper management.

Insecurity could be the cause as well. Dr. Hogan, a retired psychology
professor, noted that in some cases -- for example, when a boss lacks extensive
management experience -- certain leaders may feel a need to assert themselves so
that everyone knows who's in charge.

''Feelings of inadequacy are common in the workplace,'' Dr. Hogan said.
''However you explain it, a boss who pokes fun of his subordinates like this is
interpersonally insensitive.''

He noted that in rare cases, the intimidating behavior could also be caused by a
much larger problem: chronic depression, a bipolar disorder or a drug or alcohol
addiction, to name a few.Q. How do you know whether your concern is
legitimate?A. Employees should never underestimate their feelings, particularly
negative ones, according to Marty Linsky, co-founder of Cambridge Leadership
Associates, a consulting firm in Cambridge, Mass. So if the boss's behavior is
causing you to feel stress, there may well be something behind it, Mr. Linsky
said.

There is always the possibility that you are overreacting and that things are
not as bad as you perceive them to be. If you feel the need to confirm your
suspicions, ask around. First, get opinions from friends and family members.
Next, discuss the matter with trusted colleagues after hours or during your
lunch break.

Richard Moran, a partner at Venrock Associates, a venture capital firm in Menlo
Park, Calif., said you should be careful not to make people think that you are
gossiping or speaking ill of the boss behind his or her back. ''You're just
verifying that it's not your imagination,'' Mr. Moran said. ''Don't put yourself
in danger of making the situation even worse.''

Mr. Moran added that employees who felt victimized by the boss's bad behavior
should keep a log of offensive comments, to establish evidence of a pattern.Q.
Should you talk to the boss about his or her behavior?A. Absolutely. The safest
approach is to schedule a meeting in advance. Request that it be one on one, and
provide examples of comments that have upset you.

Erika Andersen, founder of Proteus International, a management training firm in
Minneapolis, says that it is important to speak calmly and without accusation,
to prevent the boss from becoming defensive.

''It may be tempting to try to communicate how bad it made you feel,'' said Ms.
Andersen, author of ''Growing Great Employees: Turning Ordinary People Into
Extraordinary Performers'' (Portfolio, 2006). ''Even though it may have affected
you, just stick to, 'Here's what you did.' ''

Of course, an old-fashioned facedown is not unheard-of, but because the boss
holds more power, being directly confrontational is very risky.Q. What risks do
you run by pressing the issue in a reasonable way?A. Particularly if a boss is
insecure, talking about the inappropriate behavior could redouble an inclination
to assert control.

Paul L. Stepanovich, associate professor of management at Southern Connecticut
State University in New Haven, said bosses might also take a form of
passive-aggressive retaliation, like demoting a complaining employee or
withholding a raise. ''If a boss is toxic to begin with, it is not a leap to
their being vindictive,'' he said.

Termination is always a danger, as well. Because companies in most states offer
employment at will, bosses can fire employees for any reason at any time.

Mr. Stepanovich noted that in rare cases, employees who were able to demonstrate
a pattern of harassment might have a legal basis to fight their dismissal in
court.Q. At what point should you start searching for another job?A. Try at
least once to repair the situation, and if that doesn't work, take your
complaints to your company's ombudsman or human resources department, or to your
labor union. If the behavior continues beyond that, it may be time to consider
asking for a transfer or to start circulating a resume.

Dan Coughlin, president of the Coughlin Company, a consulting firm in Fenton,
Mo., says that if your boss's behavior has not changed after repeated requests,
it is a good bet that it probably never will.

''Once it's clear the situation isn't going to improve, you need to get out
while you still can,'' Mr. Coughlin said. ''Things seem bad now, but if you
allow them to persist, the situation might ultimately damage your dignity, which
could have a much more dramatic effect on your career long term.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Chris Reed)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              361 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 8, 2010 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

All of a sudden, Tebow is the QB who just can't;
Critics say Gator can't pass, can't read defenses, can't be in a TV ad

BYLINE: Commentary

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 585 words


MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. -- The Indianapolis Colts had just taken a 3-0 lead Sunday
when Tim Tebow and his mother came on the screen and told us how he was born.

Their message was finished in 30 seconds, slipped between a candy bar commercial
and promo for Survivor. No doubt, the conservative organization Focus on Family,
which paid for the time, believed its roughly $2.5 million had been well spent.
No doubt, the various women's groups that had denounced it were glad they would
see no more.

Then the Super Bowl resumed, and Tebow could get back to his post-Florida Gators
life. So far, from the outside, it hasn't looked that much fun.

Pro choice or pro life? Not on the agenda to be debated here. We've come to be
pro-Tebow for a little while, since the good times stopped about the same moment
his Florida career did.

He is not the civic treasure anymore. During the Gators days, seldom was heard a
discouraging word. But times have changed.

Draft gurus question his viability.

Experts -- real or otherwise -- belittle his passing, and charge that he flunked
the Senior Bowl.

Unless that was a fraudulent hacker doing the typing, Jacksonville Jaguars
lineman Uche Nwaneri  went on the  team website, according to several Florida
news outlets, and gave five reasons not to draft Tebow. Example: "He can't
throw, PERIOD."

When's the last time a guy was declared a bust before he was even drafted?

There is an urge in this culture to take whacks at successful people, as if they
need downsizing. Tebow was the face of a Florida golden age. Now he's a would-be
professional, and fair game.

Then came the Super Bowl commercial.  The National Organization for Women and
its allies went after him harder than Alabama's blitz. Maybe they were attacking
the message, but it certainly sounded as if they were aiming at the messenger.

Tebow is the athlete who publicly claimed to be a virgin. In an age where sexual
abuse can gush across the sports pages, a more villainous enemy to women would
seem more fitting for criticism.

By Friday before the Super Bowl, Tebow and his entourage had the barriers up.

He was scheduled to do a sports beverage promotion at the media center and,
instead of walking in the front entrance -- the way a national champion and
Heisman Trophy winner should do -- he was slipped in a side door, and quickly
whisked behind black curtains to do his work. Security people with stern
expressions stood guard at the entrance.

How do you like the real world so far, Tim?

Once, he was the young man every father and mother wanted their daughter to
bring home. Now he can't pass. He can't read defenses. He can't work out of a
regular formation. He can't this, he can't that.

And his appearance on a Super Bowl commercial was an insult to women everywhere.
So we were told.

"Still worry about me?" Tebow asked his mother on TV Sunday.

Not exactly inciting riot, was it?

In past weeks, the quarterback from Florida has gone to school. He has learned
there are sharp elbows out there. He has learned that when you're not a kid
anymore, the noise is suddenly something besides all cheers. The world is not
The Swamp.

Friday, when his session was over, he left the way he came. Out the side door. A
college legend once unconditionally worshipped by tens of thousands, suddenly
avoiding public notice.

"I'll try to get ready for that new chapter, new challenge in my life," he said
after passing for 482 yards in the Sugar Bowl.

Wonder if he had any idea how tricky that chapter might get?

Mike Lopresti also writes for Gannett

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 30, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

The Spartans are big favourites, but ...

SOURCE: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

BYLINE: Michael Rosenberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E06

LENGTH: 587 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


There aren't many guarantees in life. But when it comes to this year's Final
Four, one thing is absolutely assured: David will not beat Goliath.

David won't even be in the building.

Michigan State is the heavy favourite because Michigan State is the best team,
but the other Final Three are more than just lunch meat for the Spartans.

That's not a popular statement these days. With so many people ready to vote for
Tom Izzo not just for governor but for emperor, Michigan State is starting to
sound like the biggest lock outside of Fort Knox.

So let's not belittle the Spartans by comparing them to their overmatched
contemporaries. We don't measure Lincoln like that, do we? Let's see how
Michigan State stands next to some of the best teams ever.

Why, the Spartans might just be as good as the 1991 UNLV Runnin' Rebels, who
were undefeated nine years ago at this time. Maybe MSU could beat last year's
Duke team, which had lost once heading into the Final Four.

Houston in 1983, with Hakeem (then Akeem) Olajuwon and Clyde Drexler? Sure, why
not? How about Georgetown in 1985, when Patrick Ewing was not just a senior but
the single most dominant college player of the past 20 years?

Do you think those teams would lose to Michigan State? Why not? They all lost to
somebody else.

And the Spartans, while the best team in this year's Final Four, could easily
lose, too -- to any of the other three teams in Indianapolis.

Take Florida. The Gators have a wonderful problem: They are too talented for
their own good. It took weeks for them to figure out how to coexist, but now
they have figured it out.

Head coach Billy Donovan might look like Pat Riley's own personal Mini-Me, but
he did just fine in the final minutes of a tight game against Duke last week.

Florida was a Top10 team for much of the season. If MSU had lost to a Top10 team
a month ago, nobody would have blinked.

Why should that change now? Because some NCAA wonk decided to put a little "1"
next to Michigan State and a "5" next to Florida?

It's true that Florida needed a last-second shot to beat Butler in the first
round. It's also true that Butler would be a double-digit favourite over Wright
State, which beat MSU in December.

Then there is North Carolina. The Tar Heels might actually be slower than
Wisconsin, and the Badgers are the human equivalent of a red light. But the Tar
Heels have fallen into this nice habit of making every open shot, and coupled
with their recent discovery that playing defence is in fact legal, this makes
them dangerous.

Michigan State won't have to play both North Carolina and Florida; provided the
Spartans get past Wisconsin, they'll play one of them for the title.

But don't assume MSU will win Saturday. Anybody who saw the Badgers plod through
the West Regional could see that Wisconsin is on a special roll. It ended with
head coach Dick Bennett helping cut down the nets, something he had never done
in 35 years of coaching.

"I have two artificial hips," Bennett said. "But today I think I could have
jumped up and pulled the net down."

If he did that, he would have immediately become the most athletic Badger. The
Badgers look at MSU and see what they would be like if they could actually run
and jump. The Spartans are just as physical and just as defensive-minded as
Wisconsin.

And for those reasons, the Spartans probably will win Saturday. And Monday. But
don't fall off your couch in shock if they don't. Stranger things have happened.

Ask Hakeem, or Patrick, or . . .

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FINAL FOUR At the RCA Dome in Indianapolis NATIONAL SEMI-FINALS
Saturday Wisconsin (22-13) vs. Michigan State (30-7) North Carolina (22-13) vs.
Florida (28-7) NATIONAL FINAL - Monday, 9:18 p.m.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              363 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 12, 2015 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Friend belittles profit motive

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 496 words


Dear Jeanne & Leonard: I'm sick of the way a friend talks about my job, and I
don't know what to do about it.

Here's the situation: I work at a startup that's developing a new technology to
help stroke victims. If we're successful, more people will survive strokes, and
all of us will make a lot of money.

My friend teaches at a community college (he's been a public employee since he
left college), and he's one of those guys who's reflexively contemptuous of
business and who believes that all for-profit enterprises are corrupt.

So whenever he introduces me to someone, he always says: "Ryan's an MBA, but
don't hold that against him. He works for a company that's developing worthwhile
medical products."

I find this insulting. But I'm afraid if I say anything, it will only encourage
him.

What do you suggest?- Ryan, Mountain View, Calif.

Dear Ryan: When you introduce this guy to your friends, you could always say, "
He lives off your taxes, but don't worry, he's still a nice guy."

Kidding aside, the secret when someone behaves like your friend is to not sound
defensive when you object.

The next time your buddy makes his little speech, take him aside and tell him
you're afraid he's misleading his friends. Tell him that while you hope your
company's products may one day save lives, you're not working there because
you're some modern-day Mother Teresa.

Rather, like all the other employees, you're hoping for a substantial financial
reward.

Let him know, in other words, that you're not embarrassed to be a profit-seeker
and that you feel no need to offer excuses for being one.

If he's been giving that speech principally to needle you, this should put an
end to it.

But if he's doing it because he's embarrassed by what you do, he's unlikely to
stop.

In that case, you'll have to decide if you want to continue being friends with
someone who feels the need to apologize to others for liking you.

...

Dear Jeanne & Leonard: Does the spouse who made the most money get to have the
most say over how it's spent when it's time to retire?- Unhappy, Schenectady,
New York

Dear Unhappy: Did the spouse who made the most money have the most say over how
it was spent while he or she was making it?

We ask because there's no reason why retirement per se should have anything to
do with who gets to decide how a couple allocate their resources.

Look, in some homes there's a single breadwinner who turns his or her paycheck
over to the spouse, who in turn manages the household's finances.

In others, the principal breadwinner also makes all the financial decisions.

And in some homes, spending decisions are made jointly, independent of the
earnings of each spouse.

Every couple has to figure out what works for them.

If the arrangement you have with your spouse hasn't been working for you, you
need to address it with him or her.

But the who's-in-charge issue has nothing to do with retirement.

Please email your questions about money and relationships to
Questions@MoneyManners.net

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

In the mind of the beholder Cards fans have a blast at Wrigley, but it's not a
favorite of club's players.

BYLINE: BY DAN O'NEILL o doneill@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8186

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1124 words

DATELINE: 0


No one can question or belittle the history shared by these two teams and one
ancient ballpark. They are some of the most poignant bullet points in their
baseball history.

Between monumental hits for Stan Musial, incomparable performances by Ryne
Sandberg and improbable heroes such as So Taguchi, there has been triumph,
tragedy and lots of amusing trinkets at Wrigley Field in Chicago.

That said, let's be real for a moment: The romantic qualities assigned to games
between the Cardinals and the Cubs, particularly games in mid-May, are mostly
instigated and propagated by the media and fans. And there's no harm, no foul in
that. But if you talk to baseball players about a series at Wrigley Field, you
are more likely to get the kind of enthusiasm normally reserved for a trip to
the laundromat. Again, understandably so.

Fans might love the antiquated environment and baseball retrospective Wrigley
provides. But the 107-year-old ballyard is no day at the park for visiting
players, acclimated as they are to more modern facilities.

They have walk-in closets at home that are bigger than the visiting clubhouse at
Wrigley. There are no video rooms, no indoor batting cages. Indoor plumbing is
about as fancy as it gets. And while a Cubs-Cardinals series inspires revelry
about rivalry from fans and reporters, players don't necessarily get the same
adrenaline rush. There are some 30 teams on the schedule, 5½ months still to
cover.

Make no mistake. Frank Sinatra wasn't alone when it comes to enjoying Chicago's
"razzmatazz." Chicago is everyone's "kind of town" to visit. But players don't
get any more jazzed up about competing in the Baby Bears' den than they might
about any competing elsewhere during an 81-game travel itinerary.

Why would they?

The Cardinals batted .274 at Wrigley last season but hit higher at five other
opposing parks. They clouted nine home runs at Wrigley - and hit that many or
more in three other "away" stadiums. They also struck out 66 times at Wrigley
last season, easily their largest collection of K-cups at an opposing park, and
bounced into 11 double plays, five more than anywhere else.

A newcomer to rivalry

Lance Berkman, who is in his first season with the Redbirds, will dip his toes
in the Cards-Cubs competition for the first time when the teams meet tonight.
While with New York last season, Berkman experienced the celebrated
contentiousness between the Yankees and Red Sox. But if you're looking for
fightin' words or inflammatory insights, you'd do better to interview an Addison
Street parking attendant.

"The fans and the media are the ones that really get that fired up about it,"
Berkman said. "I mean for us, obviously we want to win, they're a tough team.
But it's not like, 'Oh my gosh, this is a blood match.'"

The truth will set you free, and Cardinals fans only hope that's the case for
the switch-hitting "Puma." Berkman's been a .220 hitter at Wrigley through his
career, with more strikeouts (77 in 268 at-bats) than at any other opposing
park.

He might get more blubbery about Milwaukee, Pittburgh, Arizona and Cincinnati -
all places where he has been more productive.

"I'm not a huge fan of Wrigley," he added. "Chicago's great and it's a festive
atmosphere ... but it's a tough place to play."

Matt Holliday can commiserate. Holliday has won a batting title and is widely
respected as one of baseball's dynamic sticks. But the Cards left fielder has a
higher batting average at 25 major-league fields other than Wrigley, including
US Cellular Park across town. In 22 career games, at the "Friendly Confines,"
Holliday is batting .264 with one home run and five runs batted in.

"I mean, I enjoy the atmosphere once the game starts and I enjoy the city,"
Holliday said. "But I'm not crazy about the stadium. The clubhouse is really
small, there's no hitting cages where you can warm up ... so, you know, it's not
a place you necessarily get excited about."

As for hitting: "If the wind is blowing out, it's great. But if it's blowing in
... And the grass is usually high, it slows down the ball. It can be a tough
place to play."

For the record, the wind normally comes off Lake Michigan (less than a mile east
of the ballpark) during April and May, translating into a northeast wind, i.e.
one that is "blowing in." Potential home runs become much ado about nothing. The
amusement park can turn quiet as a church.

Theriot's homecoming

That's not to say there isn't clubhouse excitement imbedded in this season's
first trip to the House that Chewing Gum built. The series represents a reunion
for Cardinals second baseman Ryan Theriot, who will know the Cards-Cubs
experience from both sides now. Drafted by the Cubs, Theriot cut his teeth at
Wrigley where he was a popular player through his initial six seasons. He has
not returned since being traded to Los Angeles last July.

In the meantime, Theriot might have wrinkled a few brows in Wrigleyville after
being acquired by the Cardinals last winter. He went on a St. Louis radio
station and pronounced he was "finally on the right side" of the Cubs-Cardinals
rivalry.

Theriot was referring to matters of the postseason, not matters of the heart.
But he realizes, in the minds of those who promote the "rivalry," perception is
reality.

"What kind of reception do you think I'll get?" he wondered aloud. "I don't
know; I hope it's good. I'm definitely looking forward to getting back over
there. That was home for a long time for me, I'm excited about going back."

Theriot has practical reasons for Wrigley Field fondness. He is a .297 career
batsman in Chicago, where he has clubbed 12 of 16 career homers. As for the
Cards-Cubs schmaltz, the combative emotion is mostly outsourced.

"I always enjoyed it because it was always two top-of-the-division teams playing
each other, and really meaningful games," Theriot added. "So there's a little
bit extra'' for that reason.

At least one other Cardinal is anticipating the series. Twenty-four-year-old
lefthander Jaime Garcia never has started a game at Wrigley. His only start
against the Cubs - a loss - was last season at Busch Stadium. Garcia figures to
get the ball for Thursday afternoon's game.

"It's always exciting because of the fans," Garcia said. "I'm looking forward to
it. I mean, I'm going to treat it like I treat any other start, like I would
pitching anywhere. But I know it's a great atmosphere and it will be fun."

The bottom line

In summation, the rivalry ingredients will be in the eye of the beholder at
Wrigley Field this week.

The players simply don't place more emphasis on three days in May, vs. three
days in August, September or October.

But a Cards-Cubs series at Wrigley promises to be "fun," which is something
everyone might agree on.

--- Up next o 7:05 tonight, vs. Cubs, FSM

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  David Banks o ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo -   Wrigley Field has a storied
place in baseball lore, but its lack of facilities and cramped visitors' locker
room make it tough on Cubs foes.  Photo by Chris Lee o clee@post-dispatch.com
Cardinals left fielder So Taguchi makes a leaping catch on a ball hit by the
Cubs' Corey Patterson at Wrigley Field on July 20, 2004. Taguchi also homered
that day as the Redbirds won a wild one 11-8.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                            January 1, 2006, Sunday

A look at 2005 by the numbers

BYLINE: Mark Schreiner, Raleigh Bureau Chief

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 479 words


RALEIGH | It's easy to belittle something as "just a number."

That is probably because numbers are everywhere in our civilization. They are,
at once, the boon and bane of society. Calling a cell phone number is a key to
instant communication. Deciphering a cell phone bill can bring on an episode of
hair-shredding frustration.

But numbers are the measure of life. They count how many, how much and how far.

As Southeastern North Carolina enters a new year, here are a few numbers that
were the measure of life in our region at the end of 2005:

8,663,674 - Population of North Carolina

7,950,757 - Number of registered vehicles in North Carolina.

177,692 - Population of New Hanover County

160,712 - Number of registered vehicles in New Hanover County.

94,718 - Population of Wilming-ton, the eighth largest city in the state.

67 - Population of Tar Heel in Bladen County, the smallest town in Southeastern
North Carolina.

36,762 - Number of inmates in North Carolina prison system as of Dec. 29.

754 - Number of inmates in Pender County Correctional Institution.

385,734 - Number of books in the New Hanover County library system.

411,796 -Number of questions asked each year at the library's reference desk.

40,000 - Precise number of artifacts in the Cape Fear Museum of History and
Science.

957 - Number of new artifacts added in 2005.

49 cents -National average price for a pound of bananas in 2005.

49 cents - Price charged Dec. 29 for bananas at an Oleander Drive grocery store.

$ 2.34 - Average cost of lunch in a public school cafeteria in North Carolina.

717,491 - Number of lunches served in North Carolina public schools every day.

170 - Wilmington's rank out of 297 media markets for the fall 2005 radio season.

176 - Its rank for the spring 2005 season.

2,499,590 - Number of Demo-crats in North Carolina.

1,881,662 - Number of Repub-licans in North Carolina.

47,948 - Number of Democrats in New Hanover County

48,289 - Number of Republicans in New Hanover County

3 - Number of earthquakes detected in North Carolina since July 1.

2.8 - Magnitude of the latest, on Dec. 7 near Burnsville in Western North
Carolina.

3.0 - Minimum magnitude to be considered a "significant" earthquake.

39 - Number of reports from people in Wilmington to the U.S. Geological Survey
on the booms felt and heard on Dec. 20.

SOURCES: Office of State Demographer, N.C. Department of Transportation, N.C.
Department of Correction, Pender Correctional Institution, N.C. State Board of
Elections, New Hanover County Public Library, New Hanover County Museum of
History and Science, U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, N.C. Department of Public
Instruction, Arbitron Inc., Center for Earthquake Research and Information, U.S.
Geological Survey.

Mark Schreiner: (919) 835-1434

mark.schreinerstarnewsonline.com


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAR-NEWS FILE PHOTOS. Inbound traffic lines Market Street north of
College Road in Wilmington this past October. With a growing commuter work
force, a balloon in daily population taxes the city's infrastructure.; Deputy J.
Davis unloads a van full of inmates at New Hanover County's new jail in October
2004.

                            Copyright 2006 Star News


                              366 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             August 21, 2005 Sunday

Summing up El Paso's Economic Summit;
Let's attract the world to El Paso

BYLINE: By David Marcus

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 664 words


Guest columnist

You know what? El Paso is at the top of a lot of lists! I mean, how about El
Paso being among the top sweatiest cities in the country? Or, better yet, how
about our place as one of the top fattest cities in the country?

How do you guys like being compared to Tucson, Phoenix, and Santa Fe -- and not
measuring up?

Well, it's time to stop, and realize once and for all, that we need to make El
Paso the city that others compare themselves to!

Ladies and gentlemen: El Paso can accomplish anything we want -- grand plans
take lots of work, and lots of dedication.

It's time for us to recognize our collective lack of vision as a community, and
the consequences that comes from that. Like it or not, we are a city that is
known for being cheap and unattractive. We belittle ourselves at every turn. And
our community leaders, our business leaders and the boards that govern our
nonprofits locally take much of their direction from this attitude.

Instead of asking how we can accomplish great things, we reject projects or
initiatives out of hand, with the common statement, "El Paso can't afford that,"
or "El Paso won't support that." Those statements are self-fulfilling, and
wrong. I know.

I also know that sometimes we are disappointed that others don't always share
our vision ... and our hopes and our dreams ...

We need to stop worrying about those people, and start finding the winning
combination of venue and marketing to attract the world to El Paso, and make us
a destination. The first step is to realize now, that we are going to have the
inevitable negative comments from those who will fight us at every opportunity
-- to plan now on overcoming that and to commit today, to focus our efforts and
our "tax dollars" on building a new attractive venue that will attract visitors
to our community on a grand scale.

Let's develop a collective community backbone, overcome the naysayers, and push
these projects forward, whatever they may be!

El Pasoans have produced magnificent venues in the past, and new ones are on the
way -- just look at the new History Museum and Public Library and two blocks
south, just imagine the renovated Plaza Theatre and what it will mean for
Downtown.

And we can do even better things in the future by communicating with our
community leaders to let them know that we expect better things from them in the
future and support them when they propose those ideas. Let them know we are
ready to think "outside the box" -- to create new boxes -- so that the next time
you read a story about El Paso in the national or regional press, the story is
not about the killings in Juarez, or someone else's vision being downsized, but
rather about how great the city's revitalization is going, and what it's doing
for El Paso.

And we need to change our own opinion of our community -- our self esteem is in
the gutter, and we need to be at the top of the mountain! Many years ago, a very
successful and world- famous businessman, said the following about the community
that he lived in:

"In this valley -- there is more light, more air, more space than any other
place in the world. There is a vastness here and I believe that the people who
are born here breathe that vastness into their soul. They dream big dreams and
think big thoughts, because there is nothing to hem them in."

Can you imagine anyone saying that about someone from El Paso? By the way, that
world famous businessman was Conrad Hilton, and he was talking about the city
where he built the first hotel with his name on the building -- El Paso, Texas.

Ladies and gentlemen, our challenge in this project is first, to rethink our
goals, and then come together with a collective vision.

Let's decide this time to do something great as a community, and realize that we
not only deserve great things, but that we can build great venues for
entertainment, museums and centers of art and culture that we can be proud of,
and not have to apologize for.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Trump's parallel universe;
Politics 'There has not been anyone quite like Trump in a presidential campaign'
- TALKING POINT

BYLINE: BRUCE WOLPE -

SECTION: FORUM; Opinion; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 825 words


Within days of the launch of Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign last June,
he entered a parallel universe of his unique creation - a universe with its own
gravity and physics, where the normal laws of political thermodynamics do not
apply.

It was funny at first - a joke! - but it became deadly serious very quickly.
Trump could viciously criticise Senator John McCain, a Vietnam war hero who was
mercilessly tortured in Hanoi - and emerge unscathed by the anger of Republicans
and patriots.

He could slur Muslims, demean Hispanics as rapists and drug runners and threaten
millions of immigrants with deportation, denigrate women in appearance and
physiology, belittle his opponents with cruel characterisations ("Lying Ted
Cruz", "Little Marco"), attack Dr Ben Carson as having a serious mental illness,
and establish a new nadir of vulgarity and incivility in what was billed as a
Republican presidential debate.

That night set a new low in modern American politics; everyone needed a shower
afterwards. In the parallel universe of Donald J. Trump, atrocities can occur
without any implosion.

Imagine if Barack Obama, African American freshman senator, had addressed a
rally in 2008 and said, "I want to punch that guy in the face," or if he had
said that, if he was denied the nomination, there would be riots at the
convention as a result of his supporters being frustrated. What do you think
would have happened to Barack Obama's candidacy at that point? "Uppity" would
have been the first word in the epithet and his half-life as a nominee for
president would have been extinguished.

There has not been anyone quite like Trump in a presidential campaign.

There is in Trump a bit of Huey Long, the Louisiana populist who played on anger
during the Depression and led an uprising against the New Deal for not taking
care of the poor working classes; a touch of Joe McCarthy, the vicious
anti-communist; a bit of George Wallace, the segregationist Alabama governor;
and some of Barry Goldwater, the libertarian conservative insurgent.

It is these strands in a persona so narcissistic and megalomaniac, so out of
control, that is presenting the Republican Party with its most existential
crisis - terrifying a party leadership that believed it not only had the richest
field of credible contenders but a massive chance of recapturing the White House
after "eight failed years of Barack Obama".

Never before have the pillars of the conservative intelligentsia - George Will,
Michael Gerson, David Brooks, Bill Kristol, the editors of National Review -
been so united in their revulsion at a candidate who, they collectively believe,
will destroy the Republican Party - and turn the country over to the Democrats.

Indeed, it was Marco Rubio, the Cuban American Senator from Florida, who the
Democrats feared most. Younger, extremely articulate, with a powerful narrative
on national security, and with cross-cultural appeal - exactly the antidote for
a party that could not connect with Latinos in the past two presidential cycles
- who would transform the party and ensure its future. But the Ides of March
this week were cruel; Rubio was defenseless in his own state against the angry
rabble of working class white voters Trump has roused.

All of which leaves Hillary Clinton and the Democrats with quiet confidence but
some deep concerns about the Trump wild card. In the normal political universe,
Trump's extremism and fundamental unfitness for office should result in a
resounding defeat for Republicans, and threaten their majorities in Congress as
well.

Given America's evolving demographics as the country inexorably moves towards
being a majority-minority nation, with more than 50 per cent of the population
being non-white, Trump will need more of the white vote than even Mitt Romney
received four years ago.

And not even Romney believes that is possible - particularly if Republicans who
love their party stay home in protest.

But in the back of the minds of many in Washington is this: if there is, say, a
horrific attack on the homeland in September or October, might the demagogue
inflame fears to such an extent that the country clamours for the Big Man theory
of history in seeking vengeance and security?

Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee. She has been strengthened by the
primary campaign against Bernie Sanders.

Many in Washington believed she could not come back - and she nailed it last
Tuesday.

She is now a better candidate. Sanders has driven the party to the Left on
economic issues; mission accomplished. And Clinton is beginning to benefit from
a dividend from Trump's parallel universe: that if the Republicans are going
over the cliff in an orgy of radical extremism - then America surely needs the
most experienced, capable, responsible and measured person to lead.

At least, that's the hope.

Bruce Wolpe was on the Democratic staff in Congress in President Obama's first
term. He supports Hillary Clinton's campaign.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      June 20, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Disney's reach makes protest uphill battle

BYLINE: JERRY DUBROWSKI, REUTERS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 751 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


When it comes to Walt Disney Co., there's no such thing as a small, small world.

In addition to being one of the biggest film studios in Hollywood, Disney also
wields a substantial influence in television and radio through its giant ABC
network of broadcast and cable stations. Its sprawling theme parks, retail
outlets and other attractions are practically a mainstay for millions of
vacationers each year.

In fact, it's virtually impossible to escape Disney's reach for long; which is
why many experts wonder how much damage the boycott launched by Southern
Baptists could do to Disney's $ 21 billion US a year business.

"I don't want to belittle it and say it's not going to be meaningful but I'd be
skeptical that it would have a major impact," said Jessica Reif, an
entertainment industry analyst for Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. in New York. "In the
past, boycotts against Disney products have not been very effective."

Southern Baptists Unhappy

On Wednesday, the Southern Baptists -- which represent about 15.7 million
members -- announced a boycott against Disney and its subsidiaries, accusing the
entertainment giant of abandoning its wholesome image to promote homosexuality.

The Rev. Richard Land, president of the Southern Baptists' Christian Life
Commission, said he expected a strong response.

"Disney is going to find out just how many regiments and just how many divisions
of godly people Southern Baptists have," Land said in proposing the non-binding
boycott.

However, others said it's highly unlikely the boycott will have much of an
effect on the Burbank, Calif.-based entertainment giant, particularly when one
considers the wide array of Disney products, venues and merchandise that would
have to be avoided to comply with such a boycott.

"If someone is seeking out family entertainment, Disney is probably the largest
single provider. So what has happened is Southern Baptists have picked on the
entity that probably provides more family entertainment than anyone else,
leaving them with very few options," said David Stewart, chairman of the
Marketing Department of the Marshall School of Business at the University of
Southern California.

Jerry Oakley, a father of four who attended the Southern Baptists' meeting in
Dallas, said he was concerned by some of Disney's programming but said he would
not follow the boycott.

"We went to Disney World last year and had a great time. There are things we
don't like about Disney, but some is good family entertainment and the kids love
it. How much harm can Bambi do?"

Daniel Mitchell, a labor relations professor at the University of California at
Los Angeles, said boycotts need to have deep public support in order to be
effective.

In the 1970s, for example, the California farm workers waged a successful
campaign to gain union representation by urging consumers to avoid grapes.

However, later attempts to attract attention to other issues were less
successful.

"Sometimes they work and sometimes they don't," Mitchell said. "At that point in
history there was a lot of public sympathy . . . and the political climate and
social climate was different."

Experts said the Baptists may have trouble gaining support for their objection
to Disney's decision to offer health benefits to the partners of its homosexual
employees because it is much more accepted today than it was a few years ago.

In recent months, a number of high-profile companies, including Levi Strauss,
International Business Machines Corp. and BankAmerica Corp. said they planned to
offer health benefits to same-sex partners. In Hollywood, the practice is almost
a given, with almost every studio offering benefits to gay partners.

Sex and Violence

Conservative critics have for several years complained about sex and violence in
movies made by Disney and its subsidiaries.

But, for many Disney critics, the final straw came earlier this year when
actress Ellen DeGeneres' character in Ellen, a popular situation comedy on
Disney-owned ABC television, announced she was a lesbian.

Some delegates said it was unreasonable and divisive to ask ordinary Southern
Baptists to rule out family trips to Disney World, stop renting The Jungle Book
videos or buying Mickey Mouse T-shirts for their children.

"It is going to be hard to tell the children they can't watch Disney movies or
have the toys," said one woman who declined to be identified.

"I think we should try telling Disney what we think without a boycott."


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Walt Disney Photo / THE JUNGLE BOOK: When Mowgli needs a helping
hand, a jungle friend is there

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 9, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

FOOTBALL

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: Sports; Fanfare; F2

LENGTH: 266 words


The U.S. Football League filed another suit against the National Football
League, for $90 million, alleging a conspiracy with local officials in Oakland
to try to destroy the USFL's Invaders and bring back the NFL's Raiders from Los
Angeles.

The suit in San Francisco's U.S. District Court said owners of 27 NFL teams --
all but the Raiders -- have conspired to belittle the Invaders, discourage their
fan support and reduce their media coverage. The USFL further alleged Oakland
Mayor Lionel Wilson had prevented other officials from helping the Invaders . .
.

The Baltimore Stars have signed two starters from their 1985 USFL championship
team, including linebacker Sam Mills, but lost two more players to the National
Football League.

The Stars signed Mills -- who had hoped for an NFL offer, but noticed "they
weren't knocking down any doors" -- and tight end Ken Dunek. Defensive end Don
Fielder signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, cornerback Garcia Lane with the
Kansas City Chiefs . . .

Chicago Bears' first-round draft choice William Perry said he isn't bothered by
the harsh criticism of him by defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan, figuring it just
a motivational ploy.

"Coaches are going to be coaches," said Perry, who held out until this week and
gives his current weight as 320 pounds. "They're trying to get me motivated. I
don't need no motivation." . . .

Miami Dolphins owner Joe Robbie met with the agent for holdout quarterback Dan
Marino and termed contract renegotiation talks "cordial and constructive," but
said Marino is no closer to coming back to camp.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              370 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 24, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton tells Texans he backs gun laws

BYLINE: Adam Nagourney

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 351 words


Democrat Bill Clinton has endorsed gun control before. The news Thursday was
where he did it.

Confronting an issue that has bedeviled Democratic presidential contenders in
Texas, Bill Clinton used Houston as a backdrop to strongly back gun legislation
and belittle President Bush for failing to support the measure.

Clinton tried to soften political damage by surrounding himself at City Hall
with a sea of police officers and tough talk on crime.

''I don't know how a president can ask men and women to put on uniforms and risk
their lives to keep the rest of our lives safe if he won't risk a little
political capital - and take a little heat - to ask people to wait five or six
days to check their criminal records or mental health records.''

The crowd, which had waited an hour and had been pelted by intermittent
thundershowers, responded with a definite smattering of boos.

Nevertheless, in his first trip here since winning the nomination, Clinton took
on an issue that, more than anything else, sunk Michael Dukakis in 1988 here.
Republicans - and the National Rifle Association - hammered Dukakis so hard for
supporting gun control that even running mate Texas Sen. Lloyd Bentsen couldn't
save him.

By raising the topic on his own, Clinton - once again - seemed to be trying to
get a jump on expected Republican attacks. The legislation in question is the
Brady bill, which imposes a waiting period to allow a mental health and crime
check on gun purchasers.

Bush has agreed to accept it only as part of a package of other still- stalled
crime measures.

Clinton's speech was significant for another reason: By campaigning in Bush's
home town so soon, Clinton suggested that he was not writing off this state - or
at least would invest enough time here to force Bush to divert resources to
protect his base.

Although Clinton is vulnerable on gun control in this state, he does have
definite advantages over Dukakis: He supports the death penalty, has overseen
executions in Arkansas during the primary season, and has voiced support for
''the right to keep and bear arms.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: DUKAKIS: Gun control hurt campaign

CAMPAIGN '92; ELECTION '92

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              371 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  December 21, 1990, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

'TAKE YOUR LUMPS'

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1000 words


Norm Stewart just doesn't get it, does he?  He wants to appeal the NCAA's
scholarship limitations on his program because a couple of his current recruits
have turned up lame. He says the NCAA didn't really mean to leave his program
hobbled.  Apparently, it hasn't occurred to the coach that NCAA sanctions are
supposed to hurt. The Tigers are being punished, after all. They cheated, and
now they have to pay for it. So I say, spare us the whining, Coach. Take your
lumps like a man. Show some remorse, for once. Then maybe we can talk about
whether your program deserves a break.  John Schroeder Manchester HEADLINE:
Towel Boom Forecast My next business will be to manufacture crying towels for
some St. Louis Cardinals fans. If they continue sobbing over the loss of free
agents, for any length of time, my business should prosper.  Ken Dayley was a
medical miracle. The surgeons repaired his arm, but could do nothing with the
''head injury'' he suffered in Minnesota at the hands (or bat) of Kent Hrbek in
'87.  Willie McGee . . . was hurt more than Jack Clark's ego. The Cardinals
traded the unpredictability of Willie for the promise of better from Felix Jose.
Terry Pendleton's glove seemed as big, at times, as the hole in his bat.  Vince
Coleman was a thing of beauty to watch on the basepath (but he never learned how
to consistently get from first to home.  It might be safe to assume that the
1991 season will be a good, if not great, one . . . from an attendance
standpoint. St. Louis fans will be ''crying,'' but they've shown that they'll be
there. If we finish last with the ''new kids,'' so be it. We finished last with
the ''millionaire club,'' too.  Rafael Rodriguez Arnold HEADLINE: Bird Bashing
Booed As a longtime Cardinals fan, the ongoing mindset that berates and
belittles former Cardinal players is disturbing. Bernie Miklasz continued the
trend with his Dec. 12 column denigrating Coleman, McGee and Pendleton, but the
attitude has been prevalent in St. Louis for some time.  After being arguably
the most valuable and and popular player for many years, Keith Hernandez was
vilified when he was traded. It was as if no one in St. Louis remembered all he
had done, but instead swallowed the organization line that in essence said,
''Drug users have to go, we won't give him a chance to straighten himself out.''
After producing some of the happiest and most memorable moments for fans, Jack
Clark became a pariah when the organization didn't keep in touch with him and
lost that dangerous hitter.  Now St. Louis seems ready to forget all the great
moments brought to us by Coleman, McGee and Pendleton. The tear-down process has
already begun.  Why is St. Louis so brutal to former heroes? Does the attitude
come from media pundits who buddy up to Cardinals management to spread this
stuff, or are they only reflecting the feelings of fans with short memories?
Brock Jones Columbia, Mo.  The Buck Stops There In a recent story, J.C.
Louderback tried to blame his blunders in the MU-Colorado game on a ''larger
being.'' Shame on you, J.C. It was your incompetence that cost MU a hard-fought
victory. It was you, not God, who gave Colorado an official's timeout they did
not deserve, a fifth-down play and, worst of all, a touchdown they did not
score.  Put the blame on yourself, J.C., where it belongs.  Robert Trent St.
Louis

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              372 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          October 14, 1970, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 35, Column 1

LENGTH: 156 words

Sanitationmen's Assn pres DeLury, replying to NMU pres Curran criticism of him
for coupling endorsement of Gov Rockefeller for re-election with effort to '
belittle' Dem-Liberal candidate Goldberg's services to labor movement, says
Goldberg's law firm billed city $25,000 for services in connection with '68
sanitationmen's, firemen's and policemen's disputes; Dir Haber, commenting, says
Lindsay urged Goldberg to submit bill, that Goldberg wrote that if there was any
question he would gladly accept 'anything or nothing', that city accepted bill,
paying him $12,500 and asking unions involved to each pay 1/3 of remaining half
of fee; firemen and ptl sent checks, which Goldberg returned, saying he would
not accept payment from unions; anticipated battle between Rockefeller and
Goldberg supporters at reconvened AFL-CIO conv seen muted as many stanch
Goldberg supporters boycott meeting; Rockefeller group confident of endorsement

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              373 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 12, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Impeach or Don't, but Let's Move On Now;
Coat of Hypocrisy

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 6;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 116 words



To the Editor:

Re "Debate on Impeachment Begins" (front page, Dec. 11): In trying to destroy
the most beloved President since John F. Kennedy, Republicans have managed to
belittle the Presidency before the whole world. They've shown their true colors
by donning a coat of hypocrisy and trying to turn President Clinton's tryst into
an impeachable offense.

The only thing this Republican circus has done so far is to persuade any
potential Presidential candidates to be honest about any affair they may have.
Is this sad piece of history going to stop any future President from having an
affair? I don't think so.

CORA COOKIE MORALIS
North Miami, Fla., Dec. 11, 1998



LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              374 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 18, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Diet Fare as Cuisine

SECTION: Section C; Page 10; Column 4; Living Desk

LENGTH: 289 words


To The Living Section:

After reading Molly O'Neill's piece on the conflict between gourmets and
nutritionists, "Grocery Wars: Good-for-You vs. Indulge!" [Feb. 26], I thought it
unfortunate that my colleagues, the gourmets, sounded so irrational, defensive
and uninformed.

It is foolish for food connoisseurs to ignore the research that has implicated
fat as a major culprit in a number of diseases, and it is arrogant to belittle
consumers who choose to heed the advice offered by this research. It is also
ignorant to imply that a diet low in fat is not delicious enough to be worthy of
the appellation "cuisine" (tell that to the Japanese).

As a cook who has been working for the last 16 years in corporate dining rooms,
believe me, I can attest to the fact that it is an incredible challenge to
devise menus that taste good and still meet the strict dietary guidelines I have
been hired to follow. I know from experience, after having cooked thousands of
meals in all sorts of situations, at home and at work, how easy it is to garner
kudos after a meal that starts off with foie gras and ends up with chocolate
truffles; it is another thing entirely to get that kind of praise after serving
tofu, vegetables and lentils dressed in herbs.

Instead of devising reasons that will prove that fat is actually healthy, why
don't these food professionals just admit that they eat rich foods because they
taste good, and move on to devote their culinary knowledge and skills to
creating a new cuisine that is healthy and tasty? Such a new cuisine can surely
coexist peacefully with the myriad other cuisines we already have and could
offer to the health-conscious cook another option.

MICHELE URVATER
New York, N.Y.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              375 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

2 Gambinos Go on Trial, Very Quietly

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 33; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 797 words


The only ones who ever mention the Mafia in the Manhattan courtroom where the
Gambino brothers are on trial are their defense lawyers, and then only to
belittle it before the jury or to recoil in mock horror.

And, there has been no mention of any mob murders. In fact, the evidence shows
that Thomas and Joseph Gambino, whom the prosecution describe as gentleman
mobsters with a stranglehold on truck deliveries in the garment industry, were
ever so polite in making sure they did not encroach on truckers controlled by
rival organized-crime families.

Compared with the sensational, circus-like racketeering trial of John Gotti in
Brooklyn's Federal Court, the extortion trial of the two Gambino brothers has
been a quiet affair. The trial has not raised anyone's blood pressure and has
been as low key as the gray-suited defendants. Neither of them has an odd
nickname or comes to court with bodyguards.

Security Is Casual

The jurors have not been sequestered or had their identities hidden, and
security in State Supreme Court in Manhattan is casual at best. The prosecutors
and defense lawyers are civil, even courteous toward one another.

In conversations secretly recorded by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Mr.
Gotti talks profanely of threatened mob murders and brags about his undisputed
position as the boss of the Gambino crime family.

The New York State Police secretly recorded many of the conversations of the
Gambino brothers, who the prosecution contends are high-ranking members of the
Gambino crime organization, which got its name from the late reputed mob boss,
Carlo Gambino, the father of Thomas and Joseph.

But the recordings have yet to show the sons admitting anything to do with
murder or extortion. The Gambino brothers maintain they simply own a successful
trucking company.

The prosecution's case is based on the premise that the Gambino name was so
infamous and frightening in the garment district that the two brothers had no
need to threaten anyone to get their way.

"This is what the case is all about," exclaimed Gerald L. Shargel, the lawyer
for 55-year-old Joseph Gambino, when he completed his opening statement three
weeks ago and raised a large sign in front of the jury emblazoned with the name
"Gambino," all in capital letters.

Similarly, Michael Rosen, the lawyer for 62-year-old Thomas Gambino, told the
jury it would not see any evidence of "baseball bats and broken bodies."

Trucking Cartel

What the jury heard during the first three weeks of testimony was an undercover
police officer, a garment manufacturer and two former Gambino salesman
describing how the Gambinos and three other truck companies maintained a cartel
over all garment deliveries and how the companies took great care to avoid
intruding on one another.

"Rather than hear how the mobsters were ready to kill each other for the lion's
share of the territory, we are hearing how careful they were not to offend each
other," said a top law enforcement official.

According to the Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor and other law
enforcement agencies, the Gambinos represent a sharp contrast to the flashy
braggadocio revealed in the Government's secretly recorded conversations of Mr.
Gotti.

While Mr. Gotti is an unabashed clotheshorse and a self-proclaimed "loud mouth,"
the Gambino brothers dress conservatively and talk quietly.

While Mr. Gotti dropped out of school after the eighth grade, Thomas Gambino
graduated from Manhattan College and Joseph Gambino attended New York
University.

While Mr. Gotti bitterly attacks his prosecutors, heaping ridicule on them, the
Gambinos have not said a word in anger about anyone.

While Mr. Gotti is imprisoned, the Gambinos are free to go home every night.

Businessmen or Mobsters

And in many ways, the trial reflects the Gambinos' efforts to maintain an image
of successful businessmen rather than the prosecution's description of them as
mobsters who have extorted payments from garment makers.

The only time Assistant District Attorney Eliot Spitzer showed any outrage was
during his opening statement, when he approached the defense table, jabbed his
finger at the defendants, and accused them of using their name as a "tool of
fear -- and then took it to the bank."

In court every day, flanked by their lawyers and two co-defendants, the two
brothers do not show any emotion and court officers rarely pay any attention to
them. The Gambino brothers rarely show any reaction when the prosecution
believes it has scored a point, although their wives seated in back will shake
their heads in displeasure.

Yes, said the defense lawyers, the Gambinos are the sons of their father, and
they socialize with Mr. Gotti. "But they didn't do anything to be ashamed of."


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              376 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 26, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Corrections

SECTION: Section A; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 79 words


Because of a computer transmission error, an article yesterday about medical
waste on New York's beaches omitted part of a quotation.

The quotation, from Edwin Eaton, the city manager of Long Beach, L.I., should
have read: ''Weeks from now, this may be distant hazy memory.

But that doesn't mean we should belittle the problem. We react to crisis
situations, but I fear that one of these days there is going to be a crisis that
we are not going to be able to react to.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Correction

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              377 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 2, 2008 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

It's Hillary, Not Billary

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 156 words


In his Jan. 26 column, Colbert I. King used the increasingly popular term
"Billary" -- it was even in the headline, "Billary's Adventures in Primaryland"
-- in reference to the conduct of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign.

It's bad enough when tabloids belittle individuality when coining cutesy terms
for celebrity entertainment couples (for example, "Bennifer" and "Tomkat"), but
it is beneath the dignity of The Post to use such a nickname to refer to a
serious political candidate.

The use of "Billary" implies the sexist view that Hillary Clinton could not
stand on her own ideas, values and experience to run this country if elected
president. While there is no doubt that Bill Clinton would influence a Hillary
Clinton presidency, other strong political spouses, such as Eleanor Roosevelt
and  Barbara Bush, were not used by the media to call into question their
husbands' fitness for the presidency.

-- Jackie Greaney

Columbia

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Brian Snyder -- Reuters; Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton at a
campaign rally in Charleston, S.C., on Jan. 25.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 16, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

More Drugs Found in Herbal Aid

BYLINE: Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 329 words


A popular herbal supplement used to treat prostate cancer was spiked for four
years with the prescription estrogen drug DES and the painkiller indomethacin,
according to a new study.

The findings, reported last week at a meeting of the American Association for
Cancer Research, marked the latest development involving the supplement PC SPES
and its parent company BotanicLab Inc., of Brea, Calif.

BotanicLab stopped selling PC SPES in February after the California Department
of Health Services found that the supplement contained the prescription blood
thinner warfarin. But neither the California study nor other tests had turned up
diethylstilbestrol, a prescription prostate cancer drug known as DES, or
indomethacin, a painkiller marketed as an arthritis treatment.

"I do not for a moment belittle [past] efforts," said researcher Robert A.
Nagourney, who presented last week's study. The testing "is extremely
painstaking because there are eight different herbs and many different
compounds."

BotanicLab's tribulations have prompted lawyers to file a class action lawsuit
on behalf of some patients. Other users of PC SPES, however, have tried to
regain access to the supplement.

BotanicLab spokesman John Sonego said the company was "surprised" by the
Nagourney team's results, and said the company was moving its production to
Shanghai, where it obtains herbs, and tightening quality control.

Nagourney, director of Rational Therapeutics, a Long Beach, Calif., cancer
treatment center, said he recommended PC SPES to his patients for several years
"because it worked," and began studying different lots from 1996 to 1999 to find
out why.

It is illegal to sell synthetic drugs as dietary supplements. Yesterday, the
Food and Drug Administration announced it had reached agreement with the St.
George, Utah, firm Biogenics Inc., also known as E'OLA International, to stop
selling fat-burning herbal supplements containing the stimulant ephedrine
hydrochloride.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              379 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 25, 2000, Monday

KEYSHAWN ROLE REVERSAL - IF WAYNE WAS VAIN HE'D BE RACIST

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 092

LENGTH: 1130 words


AMAZING, how Keyshawn Johnson, for five years, was able to hide from New York
media and fans the "fact" that he's a bum. Amazing, how Johnson's considerable
bad side only came to full light when he was traded to the Bucs.

How come, when he played for the Jets, Johnson was a colorful, outspoken rascal,
but now that he's with Tampa Bay he's "Meshawn," a self-serving, trash-talking
punk?

Perhaps the truth is that he was always the latter, but when he played here he
was our punk. Perhaps this was just another case of New York sports fans and
media not being nearly as sophisticated as they're told they are and think they
are. Perhaps we're no different from college football yahoos in Lincoln,
Nebraska or Norman, Oklahoma.

And let's deal with one more uncomfortable perhaps, one that's well worth
repeating:

If the roles had been reversed - if Wayne Chrebet had been the mouthy 6-4,
215-lb first-round pick out of USC and Johnson had been the quiet 5-10, 185-lb
free agent out of Hofstra, and, for no discernible or logical reason, Chrebet
chose to constantly belittle Johnson - would Chrebet be the darling of the
national networks' NFL pregame shows?

Would Chrebet have had bestowed upon him the weekly and week-long you-da-man
national TV figure status that has been granted to Johnson? Would his
self-serving, attention-grabbing behavior have been delightfully pandered to
yesterday by ESPN, CBS and Fox?

I highly doubt it. And that's because Chrebet's indiscernible, illogical and
unilateral attacks on Johnson, a pint-sized, free agent over-achiever and the
unlikeliest of NFL stars, would've long ago been discerned as racist.

*

Fox's obligatory NFL pregame Keyshawn feature yesterday, began to a recording of
rapper Eminem's "The Way I Am," a song so packed with obscenities that the
lyrics can't be transcribed here, nor in most mass-readership publications.

But this is the song that the bright lights at Fox Sports, in their haste to
promote Fox attitude chose as the preface to a feature on a Sunday afternoon
football show.

Then again, even the around-the-NFL weather report with Jillian Barberie on
Fox's pregame is laced with sexual innuendo. And host James Brown, devoted
God-fearing family man and social activist, sits and smiles (or laughs) through
it all, week after week.

*

Fox's Joe Buck and Tim McCarver had some fun Saturday with the fact that Yankee
first base coach Lee Mazzilli whiffed while trying to high-five Derek Jeter
after Jeter's three-run homer.

But, as reader Tommy Lund of L.I. correctly notes, there was a better story to
tell: Mazzilli whiffed because Jeter had run hard to first base. He had only
begun his home run trot upon passing Mazzilli. Heck, many other players would've
had time to play patty cake with Mazzilli.

*

We haven't seen all of NBC's Olympic features, but it's hard to imagine one more
stirring than Saturday's Harry Smith-narrated piece on Australia's futile World
War I sacrifices at Gallipoli, and the annual April 25th memorial pilgrimage of
Australians to Turkey.

At piece's end, Bob Costas, in the studio, provided a poignant post script when
he reminded audiences that casualties on both sides were staggering. In fact,
records show that 550,000 were killed or wounded among the one million troops
who fought for or defended the route to Constantinople, now Istanbul. Thousands
more British subjects would die as prisoners.

*

Slaves To Fashion, Part 618: For decades, University of Oregon's football team
was distinguishable by its green and yellow uniforms. But Saturday, until a Fox
Sports Net graphic identified UCLA's opponent, we had no idea who it was because
the Oregon football team's uniforms, while still green and yellow, are now
mostly black.

The 0-3 49ers at the 1-2 Cowboys as Fox's early game into New York yesterday?
Instead of the 3-0 Rams at the 2-1 Falcons? While the Cowboys play in the
Giants' division, that's still a bad call. They ain't the Cowboys, anymore.

Ralph Kiner, yesterday during Mets-Phils on FSNY, told how Yogi Berra, before
the start of spring training, was asked what size cap he wears. "I don't know,"
Kiner said, quoting Yogi, "I'm not in shape yet."

Columnists working from Sydney keep writing about the poor sportsmanship
demonstrated, once again, by American Olympians before an international
audience. Strange, but we haven't seen or heard much of this on NBC. Then again,
by now, maybe it's a given.

In a season when Army's athletic department laid some onerous financial
conditions on longtime football patrons - including, ugh, the sale of personal
seat licenses - the Cadets have begun 0- 4 ... The second quarters of NFL games
now regularly include what-the-heck, low-risk play stoppages for replay
challenges. It's as if coaches know that even good calls are reversed.

Why would WFAN's Mike Francesa, last week, engage in a screaming match with a
caller over who's better, David Wells or Roger Clemens? If he's gonna blow out
the speakers in our cars, not to mention risk a heart attack, why not choose a
worthy issue, like who's No. 1?

Now that CBS/Viacom, like NBC, owns a piece of the WWF, and TNN, the WWF's new
cable network is owned by CBS/Viacom, CBS's NFL telecasts, like yesterday's,
will be laced with WWF ads. In fact, prior to Jets-Bucs, coverage of the final
seconds of Titans-Steelers was in part cut short to air a WWF ad.

One problem with weekends spent switching channels between baseball and football
is that yesterday, after Met Timo Perez hit an inside-the-park home run in
Philly, we figured it wouldn't count until we knew whether there was a flag.

CBS's "MarketWatch" show, yesterday morning, included a friendly piece on the
business of San Francisco's Pac Bell Park, home of the Giants. And it was enough
to make one sick.

Not included was that the Giants, through their Website, engage in hideous
institutionalized ticket-scalping, a scheme, illegal in many states, that
provides the Giants with a big cut on the re-sale of tickets returned for sale
by ticket holders. Some tickets are re-sold by the Giants at more than 20 times
their face value.

Steve Kallas, writing for The Post's Sports Week , thought he was being hosed
this summer when he and his kids were in San Francisco. Through the team's
Website, he purchased four tickets, with a total face value of $107, for $258.

Only after further research did he discover that in relative terms, he got off
cheaply. Bud Selig, where are you? What are you?


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -LOCK JAW: Keyshawn Johnson didn't have much to talk about yesterday
after catching only one pass for a yard in Jets' 21-17 win over Bucs.  Special
to the Post (m, s)
-WAYNE CHREBET Would-be racist?

-KEYSHAWN JOHNSON Shuts down his mouth. (lcf)

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              380 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 4, 1992, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

HOME SWEET HOTEL ... BUSH AIDE BELITTLES 'DOONESBURY' SWIPE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 216 words


WASHINGTON - The White House rebutted on Monday a ''Doonesbury'' comic strip,
dismissing as ''phony baloney'' assertions that President George Bush listed
Texas as his official residence to avoid paying state income taxes.  The strip,
which appeared in Sunday's newspapers, including the Post-Dispatch, mocked Bush
for claiming a Houston hotel room as his home. One of the strip's characters,
Zonker Harris, dressed in cowboy garb, invited readers to claim they were Texans
to avoid paying a state income tax.  White House Press Secretary Marlin
Fitzwater said the president was justified in claiming a tax-free residency in
Texas. ''That's perfectly plausible and legitimate under Texas law,'' Fitzwater
said. He noted that Bush, a former oilman, was a congressman from Houston in the
late 1960s and spent ''all of his business life'' in Texas before he moved to
Washington to enter public service.  Fitzwater said ''the question of whether or
not he has a house there is irrelevant . . . If you owned South Fork, you
wouldn't pay any (state) income taxes.'' The press spokesman said anybody could
establish a Texas residence by living in a hotel room. Asked if the president
would encourage the practice, Fitzwater replied, ''Certainly; the more Texans,
the better. We love Texans.''

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              381 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Aggies' ending might be start of something bigger

BYLINE: Robert Cessna, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 905 words


June 22--OMAHA, Neb. -- Texas A&M's stay at the College World Series was fun. It
just didn't last long enough. You also could say that about the program's four
previous trips. This, though, will be different. This one should be the start of
something much bigger.

Omaha is certainly the place you want to end any season, but the problem with
A&M and the CWS is how short their meetings are. Not only is just reaching Omaha
the pinnacle of a good Aggie season, it's had a hangover effect. A&M has failed
to make the NCAA tournament the year after its last four trips to the CWS.

I'm going go out on a limb here: A&M not only will make the NCAA tournament next
season, it will return to Omaha and win at least two games, which would match
the number of games the Aggies have won in the last 60 years in the CWS.

If that doesn't happen, then the 2012 team won't do justice to this year's team.

That's not to belittle reaching Omaha, because doing so is not that easy. But
there comes a point in any program when just getting there isn't good enough.
A&M's reached that juncture. It's time for more.

It would have been nice for this year's team to win a game or two, partly as a
reward for what it accomplished and in the process get a head start on next
year. Then again, if it was that easy, everyone would be in Omaha winning games.
Baylor would have beaten Cal in the Houston Regional or Rice would have beaten
both Baylor and Cal, then swept Dallas Baptist in the super regionals.

A&M certainly earned the right to lose two games in Omaha. The Aggies overcame
the loss of junior pitcher John Stilson (torn labrum) to win the College Station
Regional and the Super Regional in Tallahassee, Fla. That was hard to remember
as Cal fought off its own demons while breaking a six-game losing streak in
Omaha.

Aggie fans had to think maybe A&M wins the whole thing if Stilson is healthy.
Then again, maybe they don't even get to Omaha. That's the trouble with the
what-if game, so let's put the Stilson factor to bed. Hopefully, he'll have a
fast start next year to his professional career. And while he's doing that, the
Aggies need to pick up where they left off when Krey Bratsen struck out to end
the game.

Bratsen, who was a freshman All-American, is one of many reasons the Aggies will
start the season ranked in the Top 10 next season. He's part of the lineup's
first four hitters -- all hitting more than .300 led by Big 12 player of the
year Tyler Naquin -- who will return. Left fielder Brandon Wood, who had a
three-run triple in the CWS opener against South Carolina, will also return. But
the best news is on the mound where sophomore Michael Wacha will be back and so
should junior Ross Stripling. They were a combined 23-5 with a 2.29 earned run
average. They struck out 236 in 255 1/3 innings with only 48 walks.

Stripling was a ninth-round draft choice of the Colorado Rockies, but he's
unlikely to sign.

"See ya next year Omaha," tweeted Stripling after the game, with a tag of
#redemption.

Stripling issued a walk and his first balk of the season that helped South
Carolina score four runs. He settled down to pitch seven solid innings, but
he'll certainly remember that poor start that led to South Carolina's 5-4
victory. Wacha, meanwhile, was staked to a 1-0 lead against California on Adam
Smith's homer, but he was touched for six runs and six hits in the next two
innings. A pair of errors put him in trouble, and he failed to bail out his
defense. He left too many pitches up in the zone, and Cal, despite having only a
trio of .300 hitters, roughed up the same pitcher who had been unhittable this
postseason.

Just like that, the game was over. A&M scored a couple of runs and ended up
outhitting Cal, but the Golden Bears who finished sixth in the Pac-10 and had to
have a fundraiser just to keep the program alive was clearly the better team.

A&M didn't come close to playing its best baseball in Omaha, but the majority of
the players will have a chance to do something about it.

"It's a great opportunity for our young guys," A&M head coach Rob Childress
said. "I told them take a look around here. We're expected to be back. I'm sorry
that you didn't play better, not for me, not for other coaches, but for you guys
that you don't get to stay longer and experience this."

That's been an unfortunate mark of A&M baseball. The Aggies have failed to play
their best on the biggest stage.

And, of course, A&M's all-time best team didn't even get to Omaha. The 1989
squad finished 58-7 after being swept by LSU at Olsen Field. If you were at the
park, you painfully remember. A decade later the Aggies had another great team
that reached Omaha. It too was well equipped. Six of its seven .300 hitters were
upperclassmen as well as their top three pitchers, and even they couldn't win a
game in Omaha.

Now comes A&M's best chance to make Olsen Magic happen at swank TD Ameritrade
Park. This year's team got its feet wet, and, for that matter, its head with so
much rain this week. They have the chance to help A&M experience sunshine in
Omaha.

Robert Cessna's email address is robert.cessna@theeagle.com

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110622-EG-Aggies-ending-might-be-start-of-something-bigger-0622-20110622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2011 The Eagle


                              382 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    March 18, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Program examines who wrote Bible; Show on A&E devotes three hours to text
mystery

BYLINE: ERIC MINK; NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D8


Some will consider it sacrilege to suggest that the Old Testament -- that is,
the Torah, the Five Books of Moses -- was not dictated by God and transcribed,
word by word, by Moses himself.

Others will consider it a comparable transgression to suggest that the Gospels
of Mark, Matthew, Luke and John do not represent the literal words of Jesus
Christ as set down by those disciples or that at least some of the volumes of
letters written by Paul were not written by Paul.

Sunday night at 8 p.m., the A&E cable channel devotes three hours to the
question Who Wrote the Bible?

The program, written and produced by Lionel Friedberg for Multimedia
Entertainment and FilmRoos, arises from Multimedia's Mysteries of the Bible
syndicated series, parts of which regularly appear in A&E's Friday night Ancient
Mysteries hour.

What you will not see in this special is anyone who belittles or minimizes the
importance of the many sacred texts they discuss.

Quite the opposite. Friedberg and his colleagues interviewed a large number of
respectful, even reverent, scholars and professors of religion drawn from an
exhaustive list of institutions of learning. They include New York University,
Yeshiva University, University of Notre Dame, University of Chicago, University
of California at San Diego, Loyola Marymount, DePaul University and Catholic
University, as well as the Metiva Centre for Jewish Wisdom and the Kabbalah
Centre.

The program also allows literalists -- Rev. Jerry Falwell, for example -- to
state their beliefs for the record, although the body of scholarship presented
clearly outweighs such a position, whether held by fundamentalist Christian or
Orthodox Jew.

The program can get tedious, not because of its overwhelming detail but because
of the Sunday-school tone that narrator Richard Kiley sometimes adopts.

Some grammar mistakes slip through the editing net, and it's just bad judgment
to use the same voice (that of Jean Simmons) to read text excerpts and the "we
now return to ..." bumper announcements.

Still, it's fascinating to share in this inspirational detective work.



LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1995

LENGTH: 354 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 10, 2015 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Scott Walker on Marco Rubio: He'd play a mean second fiddle

BYLINE: Sean Sullivan;Jenna Johnson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1338 words


Scott Walker has yet to launch his presidential campaign, but the Wisconsin
governor is already talking both privately and publicly about a running mate:
Marco Rubio.

This comes as news to Rubio, the freshman senator from Florida who is running
his own campaign to be president. The constant prodding from Walker has become
an irritant between the two GOP rivals, neither of whom knows the other all that
well.

The goal for Walker is clear: to calm the nerves of Republican power brokers who
love his conservative message and anti-union pedigree but worry about the appeal
of a white male Midwestern governor in a fast-changing country - especially if
Hillary Rodham Clinton is the Democratic nominee.

It also less-than-subtly suggests that one of his rivals is not up for the top
of the ticket.

"He's sending several messages - give the impression he's on top; acknowledge
that he would be running against a historical figure in the first woman
candidate and needs some diversity; telegraph Marco that they are allies; and in
a way belittle Marco," said Ana Navarro, a Republican strategist and longtime
friend of Rubio and Jeb Bush who is backing Bush for president.

As for Rubio, he has made clear that if there's a ticket involving him and
Walker, he wants his name first.

The two Republicans - both in their 40s and hailing from working-class families
- are engaged in a fight to become the chief alternative to Bush, an
establishment favorite. Rubio is campaigning this week in Iowa, where Walker is
leading in the polls, as Walker prepares to formally launch his campaign Monday
in suburban Milwaukee.

Over the past several months, Walker has routinely discussed Rubio in private
meetings with supporters and potential donors. The governor praises Rubio and
all that the senator can bring to a presidential campaign but does it in a way
that casts Rubio as more lieutenant than general, according to several
Republicans with knowledge of the conversations. Often a donor or audience
member is the one to bring up the topic, although Walker has been known to bring
it up himself - and has even spoken publicly about the possibility of a
Walker-Rubio ticket.

Top billing

"I like Marco Rubio a lot," Walker said in a recent Bloomberg Politics
interview. But then: "Obviously, I'm deferential to governors. I think there's a
lot that we bring to the table as having proved executive experience. But I do
like Marco Rubio." He added that "quite a few people" have suggested a
Walker-Rubio ticket to him.

Rubio has suggested the opposite. "A Walker-Rubio ticket may be fine," he said
recently in New Hampshire, "but it's got to be in alphabetical order."

Frank VanderSloot, a top Republican donor and chief executive of an Idaho
nutritional-supplement company, said Walker has mentioned the idea of tapping
Rubio as his running mate twice to him - once in a phone call early this year
and last month at a Utah retreat hosted by Mitt Romney. VanderSloot has also
talked to Rubio about the idea; he was adamant about being at the top of the
ticket.

The continuous one-upmanship, VanderSloot said, is "a little tongue-in-cheek.
But in good humor there is always a little truth."

Michael Steele, the former Republican National Committee chairman, said Walker's
ticket talk "is a little bit presumptuous" - and puzzling. "I guess because of
the Hispanic vote and the idea that Rubio may have some appeal to draw that," he
said.

Walker has repeatedly described Rubio as a friend, although associates say that
the two do not have an especially close relationship. They met in 2010, soon
after Walker was elected to the governor's office and Rubio to the Senate;
neither side can remember the details.

"They haven't stayed in great touch since but run into each other now and again
since they attend events with a very similar following," said one person close
to Walker, who requested anonymity to describe private interactions.

Both campaigns declined to discuss the relationship between the two politicians.
A senior Republican who stays in contact with both said Rubio's team has reacted
to Walker's rhetoric with a shrug.

"It doesn't make them happy, but they are not unduly annoyed," said the
Republican, who requested anonymity to discuss private conversations. "They kind
of chuckle and go, 'That's just the way the game works.' "

Walker's embrace-and-diminish treatment of Rubio was on full display late last
month during a speech at a regional Republican conference in Philadelphia.
Walker lauded the entire GOP field - but Rubio was the only one he mentioned by
name. "I know Senator Rubio very well," Walker said. He then noted that while
U.S. senators have admirably fought President Obama's agenda, they "have yet to
win any of those serious battles." Walker has pitched himself as a candidate who
can fight and win battles with Democrats.

This spring, Rubio said in a meeting with the Des Moines Register editorial
board that there was "no way" a governor such as Walker is ready to make foreign
policy decisions. Walker hit back, asking whether Rubio thought Ronald Reagan,
who was governor of California, had been prepared for the job.

A few days later, one of Walker's college-aged sons tweeted: "Marco Rubio just
tweeted a good 50 times in the last hour. . . . Whoever runs his account NEEDS
TO CHILL."

Stanley Hubbard, a conservative billionaire who oversees a Minnesota
broadcasting company and is supporting Walker, said he likes Rubio but doesn't
think he is quite ready for the presidency.

"He has not yet had any executive experience," Hubbard said, "and that's really
important to get the job done right as president. He hasn't had that experience
yet, but he could get it as vice president."

Walker and Rubio are now competing against each other in Iowa, where both have
hired strategists who helped steer Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) to her Senate victory in
the 2014 midterms. Walker has visited the state at least half a dozen times this
year and plans to visit again after his announcement next week. He is banking
heavily on a good showing there, and polls show he has the inside track against
the crowded field of Republican hopefuls.

Iowa is much tougher for Rubio, who is trying to make an impression there. He
scheduled seven public Iowa events in three days this week and has reserved TV
advertising time in the state.

Too far right?

Some top Republicans worry Walker is tacking too far to the right on social
issues in an effort to win the Iowa caucuses, which are usually dominated by
conservative activists. They point to the Supreme Court's recent decision to
legalize gay marriage nationwide, which Walker called a "grave mistake" that
should be undone by amending the Constitution to give states the right to ban
gay marriage. Rubio and Bush did not call for such an amendment.

Walker also came out as a more vocal critic of abortion, backing a ban in his
state on abortions after 20 weeks. Walker has long opposed abortion in all
cases, including pregnancies resulting from rape and incest, although he avoided
discussing the issue in last year's gubernatorial race.

"He has gone too far to the right," said a top Republican fundraiser who is
close to Walker but has not endorsed him. The fundraiser requested anonymity to
discuss the campaign candidly. "He has been very focused on Iowa, but he needs
to have his eye on New Hampshire . . . and the other primaries."

Democrats are eager to engage in culture-war debates with Republicans, and
Clinton recently slammed the GOP as the "party of the past." It's unclear
whether a joint ticket would resolve such problems for Republicans or cause more
confusion, since Rubio and Walker disagree on some issues. But that's not going
to stop Walker's backers from daydreaming out loud about Walker-Rubio 2016.

"My dear wife, Karen, said to me months ago, 'Wouldn't a great ticket be Walker
for president and Rubio for vice president?' " Hubbard said. "I think it's a
very good idea. It would be a heck of a ticket."

sean.sullivan@washpost.com

jenna.johnson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            January 5, 2013 Saturday

Letters

SECTION: NEWS; Letters; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1414 words


HK's travel warning on India is unfair

I refer to the report ("Women's group warns India over rape", January 1). I also
read with anger that the Security Bureau issued an amber alert for travellers
visiting India.

What kind of alert would the Hong Kong government issue for people wanting to
visit the US in the wake of the terrible Newtown shootings in which 27 people,
including 20 children, were killed? And this was not an isolated incident.

Some of the other mass shootings that took place in the US in 2012 included:
four dead in a spa in Norcross, Georgia, in February; five in a Seattle coffee
shop in May; six at a Minneapolis firm in September; seven at an Oakland college
in April; 12 killed in a cinema in Aurora, Colorado, in July; and six slain in
an attack on a Sikh temple in Wisconsin, in August.

Maybe Indian cities, especially Delhi, are not safe for women travelling at
night, but going by my list, it seems the US is not safe at any time of the day,
even for children.

So why is it that no local organisation protested outside the US consulate
calling for gun sale restrictions, threatening that the country would face the
risk of a Hong Kong travel ban?

My intention is not to belittle the US. I love the country and its people. I
have visited many times and will continue to visit.

Similarly, incidents such as the disgusting mass rape in Delhi should not be
used by anybody to tarnish the image of India. Nations like the US and India
cannot be put in the same bracket as Iraq and Syria.

Kishore Sambwani, Pok Fu Lam

Tsang did right on Disneyland, but not bridge

Mike Rowse was his usual unassuming self in his article ("Success has many
fathers", December 31), where he speaks of those taking credit for the
Disneyland deal.

Back in 1999 when the negotiations on Hong Kong Disneyland were down to quite a
bit of hard talking, the Walt Disney Company faced the Hong Kong team led by
then financial secretary Donald Tsang Yam-kuen and Mr Rowse.

I would say this was one of the better legacies of Mr Tsang's stewardship,
though the best worth remembering would be the ban on trawling that is now in
place. Yes, Mr Rowse can quite rightfully claim that Hong Kong won the
Disneyland deal on its own merits, and I think that he and the former chief
executive can rightfully take most of the kudos.

So the trawling ban and Disneyland are probably the highlights for Donald Tsang.
But in my book, his period in charge will always by marred by one tragic
decision - the agreement to construct the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge.

It is a disaster and it will cost Hong Kong taxpayers a pretty penny.

Where is all the anticipated traffic going to go? The container business is
certainly in decline, and I can't see Hong Kong's congested roads welcoming
thousands of mainland drivers.

However, I could be wrong. Perhaps the day will be saved by an enlarged
Disneyland, and hundreds of busloads of eager mainland day-trippers, heading
over the bridge for a date with Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck.

Gordon Andreassend, Sham Shui Po

Appalled by flag-burning protesters

The burning of our national flag in front of the central government's liaison
office in Western district ("City's activists get more radical", January 3) is a
matter of grave concern to all Chinese citizens.

The authorities have a duty to take immediate action.

In the event that the individual who was caught on camera burning the national
flag carries a foreign passport, he should forfeit his right to stay in Hong
Kong, China.

Anthony Tung Kai-cheong, Causeway Bay

The irony of keeping silent to gain a voice

Many commentators and letter writers say we should protest less, accept the
status quo and not criticise our leaders too harshly as well as "letting them
get on with the job".

We should have a harmonious society, they say, and Beijing will give us
universal suffrage. It is ironic because what they are really implying is, don't
do anything that seems vaguely democratic (like criticising or marching) or Hong
Kong won't get democracy.

Jennifer Eagleton, Tai Po

More schools should apply e-learning

I am writing to express my concerns about the lack of e-learning programmes in
Hong Kong.

Nowadays, many students are finding the learning process in schools difficult.
Teachers are also under strain and feel exhausted with constant revision
exercises for their pupils.

I take heart, then, from the e-learning initiative at Buddhist Po Kwong School
in Fanling ("HK officials 'lack vision' for shift to e-learning", December 23).

This programme has brought about positive changes for teachers and pupils at the
school.

Not only does it offer a continuous learning environment but the whole process
of learning is less exhausting than the traditional eight hours a day in a
traditional classroom setting.

At this school, the e-learning system enables these young people to maintain
their level of energy and interest.

The methods adopted through e-learning mean they are less likely to become
bored.

They can also continue with their studies outside school, studying at any time
and at their own pace.

A "paperless classroom" can help youngsters from low-income families where it is
a struggle to afford all the necessary textbooks.

The e-learning system can also help with languages. If pupils are weak, for
example, in English or Putonghua, they can learn proper pronunciation through
the e-learning system.

However, in order to expand e-learning so that it can be introduced in more Hong
Kong schools, substantial resources are required, which some schools do not
have.

The government has an important role to play in this regard.

It should work with schools and plan a budget so that they can implement an
e-learning programme in the future.

If it were possible to apply the Fanling school programme to more schools in the
Hong Kong education system, then I think students and teachers would feel the
benefits of the e-learning process.

Marco Chan, Tseung Kwan O

Pupils' rational move to join tutorial centres

Tutorial centres are becoming increasingly popular in Hong Kong.

I think a major reason why so many young people enrol at these colleges is that
their teachers do not have enough time to cover a whole subject. They are busy
with paperwork and don't have the time to produce material that they can then
pass out to students for further study.

They have to concentrate on the lesson itself, so youngsters feel the need to
attend a tutorial college in order to hone their examination skills and improve
their chances of doing well. They may also feel that, in some cases, the quality
of teaching provided at schools is poor.

They are driven to this by Hong Kong's education system, which is exam-oriented.
They hope the tutorial centres can help make then more effective in the
competitive environment that surrounds the public exam.

Also, many tutors have very good communication skills and the atmosphere is more
relaxed than in the school classroom.

In addition, the tutors will provide detailed notes and are willing to offer
assistance to the students after the lesson has concluded, which helps students
to acquire a deeper knowledge of the subject at hand.

Many critics will argue that children are being forced by their parents to
attend these tutorial colleges after school, but I do not think this is
necessarily the case.

Hong Kong is developing as a knowledge-based economy. Students appreciate this
and realise that they can spare no effort to improve their store of knowledge if
they want to ensure for themselves a brighter future in their chosen career.

They therefore make the wise choice of signing up for a tutorial college course.

Henry Chan, Kwai Chung

Filipino clerics' parochial view of population

There are echoes of a Filipino bishop's recent pronouncement in Zeno Udani's
letter about the causes of Philippine poverty ("Scapegoat hides society's deeper
ills", January 1).

The good bishop of one province in the country recently came out in favour of
keeping the Philippine population high because, in his view, it would mean that
more migrant workers would continue to send remittances home to support "ageing
parents and will help in spreading the Christian faith abroad".

Unfortunately, this type of muddled thinking among Filipino clerics and a large
segment of the population is so entrenched, one wishes the country would learn
from its pragmatic atheist neighbours like Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea so
as to finally enter the 21st century.

L.M.S. Valerio, Tin Hau

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Donald Tsang can be proud of Disneyland. Photo: Edward Wong

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           September 21, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Still doing it

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 2313  words


Spike Lee will be at London's Southbank today as part of a celebration of Do The
Right Thing, his third film, which premiered at the Cannes film festival in
1989. In the two decades since then, the film has been recognised by the
American Film Institute as one of the greatest 100 American movies in film
history and was highly listed in a Sight and Sound Poll of the best films of the
past 25 years.

It was also, as United States President Barack Obama coyly admitted last year,
the movie that he took Michelle to see on their first date. All in all, a far
cry from the divisions and debate that the race drama provoked on its release.
It was the most controversial and discussed film of that northern summer. You
couldn't pick up a magazine or newspaper without someone having an opinion on
the Brooklyn tale or the director. Critics David Denby in New York Magazine and
Richard Corliss in Time argued that Do The Right Thing was of no value except as
agitprop (agitation and propaganda) to incite the black community to riot.

In the opposite corner was Roger Ebert who wrote that "it comes closer to
reflecting the current state of race relations in America than any other movie
of our time". It's not to belittle Lee's other films, including Malcolm X or
Inside Man, or his two great documentaries 4 Little Girls about the 1963 church
bombing in Birmingham, Alabama, and the Hurricane Katrina documentary When the
Levees Broke, to state that Do The Right Thing remains the key work in his
oeuvre. The director would never admit that it's his best film. "My films are
like my children,", he says. "I don't have a favourite."

Yet in all the literature that Lee approves, from the children's book he wrote
with his lawyer- turned-writer wife Tonya, Please, Baby, Please to the blurbs on
the back of DVDs, it's always Do The Right Thing that is given the status of
first among equals. Despite his hectic schedule, which saw him premiere two new
films at the Tribeca Film Festival in April, Lee, now aged 52, has spent the
summer touring a new print and promoting the Blu-ray release of Do The Right
Thing in the US. "The film has grown in stature," he says, and then pauses to
give one of his hearty bellowing laughs. "It's been fun, but I rarely try to
stay too much in the past.

It's been great going to these things and having the reunions, fun meeting up
with all the people that contributed to what is being billed as this landmark
film. There comes a point when I have to keep stepping and moving. After next
week, I'll be done with the retrospective. Well, at least, until the 50th
anniversary and if the Lord is willing I'll still be around."

He might be keen to move on to the next thing, but Lee is also renowned as a
collector of memorabilia. His offices are adorned with a fabulous set of movie
posters while many of the black-faced pottery and porcelain trinkets used in his
movie Bamboozled (about a modern television minstrel show) came from the
director's personal collection.

So it's no surprise to learn that he's kept a few souvenirs from Do The Right
Thing, too. "Of course I have Mookie's Jackie Robertson shirt, the slate and
Sal's pizzeria box," he says. "I keep the original script to all my movies. I
don't type, I write the first draft long hand on a yellow legal pad."

In 1989, the prognosis on race relations was not good. The action is set on the
hottest day of the year in Bedford-Stuyvesant, a mainly black neighbourhood in
Brooklyn, New York, and racial tensions are at breaking point. The African-
American members of the community led by vocal militant Buggin' Out (Giancarlo
Esposito) have had enough of being kept at the bottom of the ladder. It's
telling that the only two businesses on the block are Sal's Pizzeria, run by the
Italian- American family (Danny Aiello was nominated for an Oscar for his
performance as Sal) and a fruit and vegetable shop owned by a Korean family. The
film is mainly told from the perspective of pizza delivery boy, Mookie, played
by Lee, whose sole motivation is to get paid. As racial tensions simmer Mookie
takes us on a journey through a vibrant black community that goes about its
daily tasks under the omnipresent eye of We Love Radio DJ "Mr Senor Love Daddy"
(Samuel L.

Jackson). There's also a great performance from John Turturro, the actor who has
appeared in more Lee films than any other, as Sal's hard-nosed racist son Pino.

The film is packed with topical material, from references to David Dinkin's
campaign to become the first African-American mayor of New York, Tawana
Brawley's discredited claims of being raped by police officers, the murder of
construction worker Michael Griffith at the hands of an Italian- American mob in
Howard Beach and the death of graffiti artist Michael Stewart who was
apprehended by 11 policemen in a white transit van and choked to death (the
evidence of Stewart being strangled by the police was "lost").

It all sounds very serious but the beauty of Do The Right Thing lies in its
humour, not least in the shape of the hilarious trio (Robin Harris, Paul
Benjamin and Frankie Faison) who stand on the street corner commenting on the
comings-and-goings like a Greek chorus.

It's told at a raucous pace and everyone's opinions are aired. The film took its
lead from Richard Wright's Native Son, the great black literary work of protest
which shocked many on its publication in 1940. It broke the stance, popular
among black authors of the time, of advancing the idea of the sophisticated and
cultivated "new Negro", so called for his or her ability to assimilate into US
society. Lee sided with the more aggressive and disillusioned black masses,
turning the psychic and physical violence of black life outward on to white
America. Do The Right Thing culminates in a race riot in which Mookie throws a
trash can through the window of Sal's pizza parlour. Do The Right Thing was the
first Spike Lee film I watched on video as an impressionable teenager. I was
transfixed by the action, especially the scenes in which the protagonists vented
their rage to camera and the little touches such as Buggin' Out cleaning his
Nike trainers with a toothbrush.

It was a film that depicted all the fun, laughter, sadness, fear and tension of
being a minority group and living in a big city. It started an interest in the
director that would lead to my spending over a year working at his production
office, 40 Acres and a Mule. Even when a film was not in production it was a
hubbub of activity, housing an edit suite, his assistants, a room he used for
rehearsals as well as a garage containing props from his films. When She Hate Me
went into production the office was transformed as interns and film technicians
moved in, while around the corner, in what has since become his main office, the
production team and wardrobe would congregate. Lee has a massive desk at the
centre of the building, but he would rarely be sitting in his chair for more
than 10minutes.

I was hooked and embarked upon a biography of the man born Shelton Jackson Lee
in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1957. Lee's father was a jazz musician and his mother an
English teacher. When Lee was very young the family moved to Brooklyn, New York,
first to Cobble Hill where his was the only black family in a predominantly
Italian-American neighbourhood before relocating to Fort Greene, the setting of
his debut film She's Gotta Have It in 1986.

He attended the NYU (New York University) film school where he was inspired by
the success of Jim Jarmusch's Stranger Than Paradise to make his own independent
film.

His appearance as the B-boy Mars Blackmon in the film led to a call from Nike
who asked him to star in and direct commercials with then rising basketball star
Michael Jordan. It was through these advertisements that Lee first entered the
American public consciousness. They were also the beginnings of his work to use
his fame to raise concerns about race in America. It's amazing to think that
there is now a black man in the White House when only 20 years ago Do The Right
Thing made such a play of promoting the campaign of David Dinkins to become the
first black mayor of New York.

Lee, a vocal supporter of Obama's presidential bid, says there is no way that he
could have foreseen or even dreamed of such speedy progress. "I couldn't imagine
there being a black president five years ago, let alone in 1989. So it's a
testament to the United States of America, but at the same time I'm not drinking
that post-racial climate Kool-Aid. I don't think that exists yet."

Lee has never shied away from saying what he thinks on race issues or creating
stories in which race and creed is seen as pivotal.

He criticised racism within the African-American community in his second film,
School Daze, before turning his eye to black- and-white tensions in Do The Right
Thing. Mo' Better Blues set in a jazz club was criticised for its depiction of
greedy Jewish club managers while Jungle Fever dealt with inter-racial
relationships. Lee was even accused of playing the race card when he put himself
forward as the right man to tell the Malcolm X story on screen in the early
1990s. The Alex Haley biography was, he said, simply the most pivotal book he
had read while growing up.

Then, just when it seemed that he was making films that veered away from race as
a central topic, the director made Bamboozled in 2000, an under-rated satire
about a modern black-and-white minstrel show. Lee is a director who responds to
his own environment and as race has become a less important issue in his own
life, it's taken up less space in his films. I ask whether the changes that have
taken place in the US over the past two decades mean that a film like Do The
Right Thing could not be made today. "It would be very hard to make a film like
this today," he says. "Not because the subject is irrelevant. I don't think the
studios would do this. I have to thank Tom Pollock who was running Universal
Pictures at the time. He put the weight of the studio behind me for this film
and supported me, even when people wanted to waver and divorce themselves from
the film."

Today, Lee is finding it more difficult to source funding for his films. Like so
many Hollywood auteurs, he recently had to go to Europe to finance work such as
his last fiction movie the World War II "buffalo soldiers" fantasy Miracle at St
Anna. His one big box-office success of the past few years, indeed the biggest
hit of his career, was the heist movie Inside Man, which was backed by a major
studio. The director is famous for his work ethic and, like Woody Allen, a
director to whom he was unfairly compared when he first burst on to the scene,
he tries to make a film a year.

At the Tribeca Film Festival in April he unleashed two new documentaries. The
first, Kobe Doin' Work, follows basketball star Kobe Bryant with multiple
cameras during a NBA play-off game. The director took his inspiration from
Douglas Gordon and Philippe Parreno's Zidane, a 21st Century Portrait. The
second, Passing Strange, saw Lee, as he had done with The Huey P Newton Story in
2001, film a successful stage play. His movie of the Tony award-winning rock
musical about a black musician in 1970s Los Angeles setting out on a journey to
find himself was well received, allowing the production to live on in posterity
long after the final curtain had come down. Now Lee has a number of projects on
the backburner, including a biopic of Joe Louis written by the late Budd
Schulberg. "Right now I'm about to teach class again at the NYU film school.
Besides being a professor there, I'm also an artistic director there at NYU
graduation film program. I'm working on some new ideas and hopefully we can get
Inside Man 2 off the ground. A sequel is something that I've never done before."

As with everything in Hollywood at the moment, even this is not a sure thing.
"It still might not get made, but we had such a great time making the first,
with Denzel Washington, Jodie Foster and Clive Owen and all the New York
character actors surrounding them, so hopefully Universal will let us do this
baby."

Next Lee is turning his attention to the stage once again, not yet as a director
of a play, a long-held ambition he has yet to fulfil.

He says, "There is a young man, Lemon Andersen, who had a small part in Inside
Man and who also used to be one of the Def Poetry Jam writers, he has a one-man
show that will play at the Public Theatre in New York and it will be billed as
Spike Lee Presents, which essentially is a way to encourage some people who
might not otherwise go to see the play County of Kings. But I'm sure that after
they see his play, Lemon won't need a Spike Lee Presents again."

The defining moment of the summer for Lee was hearing that Michael Jackson had
died. Lee made the music video to Jackson's controversial 1996 tune, They Don't
Care About Us, and was bewildered on hearing the news.

"I was in Cannes, for a conference, and I just happened to turn on CNN. I didn't
go to bed that night, I just kept on the TV. It was a big, big loss." Lee
responded by hosting a dance party on what would have been Jackson's 51st
birthday in Brooklyn's Prospect Park last month. The sight of Lee leading the
singing on stage is a far cry from his reputation for being a difficult
interviewee, a man perhaps who lives up to his prickly first name.

It's true to say that Spike is not someone you're going to meet at a train
station and become Facebook pals with, yet he is not as tough as some would have
us to believe. In truth he's shy, and gets animated only when conversation hits
a subject that he's keen to talk about, such as movies, music, politics or
American football. His life is taken up with the business of making films, and
whether Inside Man 2 happens or not, one thing is for sure, it won't be long
before he's back in his favourite place, the director's chair.

Independent

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TT


       Copyright 2009 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     January 5, 1990, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Shearson brokers angry over slashed commission

BYLINE: Canadian Dow Jones

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: New York,NY


  Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. has imposed pay cuts on its brokers for the second
time in two months, this time by reducing commissions on certificates of
deposit, several brokers said.

The action is stirring dissent among Shearson's 10,500 brokers, many of whom
were already steaming about a broader pay cut imposed in November. ''I think 90%
of Shearson's brokers don't know about'' the latest move yet, a Cincinnati-based
Shearson broker said.

Since November, Shearson brokers say, their commissions on several financial
products had been reduced about 10% before the latest cuts.

But some veteran Shearson managers belittle the brokers' complaints and say the
drop in commissions results from a single across-the-board reduction decided
less than two months ago.

However, a top Shearson broker in Vermont - who also describes the complaints as
silly - conceded that he wasn't informed of some of the commission cuts by his
office's managers.

''It's an inconsequential thing,'' he said, ''but the branch managers around the
country apparently haven't told their brokers about the commission rates for
CDs.''

A senior Shearson official acknowledged that there is some confusion about
whether the firm has imposed two separate reductions in commissions.

''Anytime anyone gets less pay than they expect, I would expect them to be
upset,'' he said.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              387 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 17, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

INSIDE

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 86 words



Aliens Abuse Farm Law

Ineligible applicants are trying to be-come United States citizens under a
program set up to help alien farm workers. Page B14.

Vatican Document Rejected

The nation's Catholic bishops sent a powerful message to the Vatican that they
would resist any attempt to belittle their powers. Page A20.

Tragedy in the Shelters

Homeless families in New York City are kept in squalid shelters far longer than
state regulations allow, a report by an advocacy group says. Page B1.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              388 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                             August 11, 2008 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Peter Mckay

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 189 words


DESPITE the trashy celebrity culture she represents, Paris Hilton's intervention
in the presidential election has had worldwide news coverage, most of it
positive.

Senator John McCain's attempt to belittle his Democrat rival Barack Obama by
comparing him to Paris and her ilk backfired when the heiress issued a video
statement making fun of the 71-year-old Republican.

Since Paris Hilton now exists to secure publicity for herself, will she be
tempted to ruin Senator McCain's welcome by the Republican Party faithful in
Minneapolis/ St Paul in September by showing up for it? Or threaten Senator
Obama's serious reputation by appearing in Denver on August 25 to support his
adoption as candidate for the Democratics? Political parties and news
organisations consider Paris Hilton a ridiculous airhead, but plenty of people
find her bizarre and interesting. So she can't be ignored.

If she gets the candidates on the back foot - having to respond spontaneously
rather than from prepared notes - spoiled, daffy Paris will have provided a
public service.

As well as adding to the public stock of harmless pleasure and the gaiety of
nations..

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday

Job-change brass ring turns out to be tarnished

BYLINE: By Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 208 words


Dear Abby: I just made the biggest career mistake of my life. I was working for
a wonderful company. Then, a former co-worker told me about a management
position opening at the agency she went to work for. I thought it would be my
golden opportunity for advancement. I submitted my resume and, after two
interviews, got the job.

The problem: This is the unfriendliest company I have ever seen. Management
belittles staff. Praise is seldom given. There is no kindness, no "good
mornings" uttered -- the people here are just plain mean.

I am a friendly, outgoing person, and I'm having a hard time adapting. I miss my
old job. I realize now that I made a hasty decision. My old position has been
filled, so there's no way I can go back. What should I do?

-- Reluctant Manager in Vermont

Dear Reluctant Manager: Your predicament proves the truth of the saying, "The
grass isn't always greener." For the sake of your mental health, start looking
for another job. There is no way you are going to change the corporate culture
in the place you're now working.

Don't discount your old workplace; stay in touch. Something may open up there,
and your former colleagues may be glad to welcome you back.

Write to DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Santorum ad takes ever so subtle jab at Bob Casey Jr. In political name game,
he's 'Bobby'

BYLINE: Kathy Boccella, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 614 words


Pennsylvania's Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate calls himself Bob. Not
Robert. And definitely not "junior," though he is one. Just Bob.

But Sen. Rick Santorum's proliferating TV and radio campaign ads refer to the
challenger as Bobby Casey Jr.

If that makes Casey, 45, sound as if he's running for student council president,
well, that may be the point.

"Rick Santorum is trying to engage in name-calling and to belittle Bob," said
Larry Smar, campaign manager for Casey, who is named after his father, two-term
Pennsylvania Gov. Robert P. Casey, who died in 2000.

An uninvited diminutive generally has a subtext, said Joseph Tuman, a
communications professor at San Francisco University who has written about
campaign rhetoric. It's an "attempt to diminish the other person, to marginalize
them by suggesting they're young or immature," he said.

Not in this case, said Santorum spokeswoman Virginia Davis. The senator is
simply performing a service.

"Some people think he's the same person who was the governor," she said of
Casey. "It's very important for voters to know the distinction."

Besides, Davis said, Bob Casey is known by many as Bobby. When he was
Pennsylvania auditor general and when he later became state treasurer, he called
himself Robert P. Casey Jr.

"Friends and family call him Bobby, and Rick Santorum is neither," Smar
countered. "Even his friends and family don't call him Bobby Casey Jr."

In modern political campaigns, every word is strategic, said Tuman. A name can
convey a subtle message about gender, race or experience.

Sometimes candidates try using nicknames to their advantage. When Christine
Whitman ran for governor of the Garden State against Jim Florio in 1993, she
preferred the Jersey girl-ish "Christie," while the Florio campaign invoked her
full, patrician-sounding appellation, Christine Todd Whitman.

It was a not-so-subtle attempt to exploit the stereotype that people with three
names are blue bloods out of touch with middle-class families, political analyst
Carl Golden, Whitman's former spokesman, said.

Christie was intended to be "more informal, not as stiff," he said.

"The name game is a little needle more than anything else," said G. Terry
Madonna, a pollster and political analyst at Franklin and Marshall College, who
noted that Gov. Rendell's enemies still call him Fast Eddie.

"No one is going to win or lose an election based on this," Madonna said.

But Tuman thinks Santorum may get some mileage out of his Bobby Jr. epithet.

"It's a clever campaign tactic," he said. It's a way of suggesting "that Junior
is subordinate to the more senior candidate."

Imagine if Al Gore had referred to President Bush as Georgie or Little George.
Not that Bush is unaware of how these things work: His father got a dig in to
fellow Republican presidential candidate Pete du Pont in 1987 when he called him
by his more effete given name, Pierre, during a debate.

"It's one thing to say 'you're not your dad,' " Tuman said, but the diminutive
gambit is "a cover for what really becomes, in some ways, a slanderous
reference."

It's not the first bit of name-calling in the supercharged senatorial campaign.
In May, Santorum said Casey was a "thug" for allegedly dispatching operatives to
snoop around his property after Democrats raised questions about the senator's
Pennsylvania residency.

"Things are getting better if he's just calling him Bobby," quipped Madonna.

If he continues to use the nickname, state Democratic Party Chairman T.J. Rooney
warned, the consequences for Santorum will be harsh.

"I'll have no recourse but to refer to the junior senator as Little Ricky."

Contact staff writer Kathy Boccella at 610-520-2547 or kboccella@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             April 17, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Duncan woman traces recovery;
Cindi Broaddus tells of her struggles after being burned.

BYLINE: Ann DeFrange, Staff Writer

SECTION: DESTINATIONS; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 575 words


On the phone in Duncan, Cindi Broaddus belittles the attention she is receiving
from the publication of her book. Celebrity, she modestly insists, extends no
further than her family and friends around her hometown.

She leaves the conversation to take another call and returns to announce she's
been invited to "fly to Los Angeles to be on the 'Larry King Live' show."

"A Random Act" (Morrow, $24.95), released Tuesday, has earned Broaddus
appearances on several major network news shows as well as a book signing tour.
She is, indeed, a celebrity.

The book is her account of an incident in 2001 in which she and a friend,
traveling on the H.E. Bailey Turnpike, were hit by a jar of sulfuric acid
dropped from an overpass through their windshield. She was severely burned; she
has undergone considerable pain and extensive surgeries to repair her damaged
skin.

When she says, "I just did what comes naturally to me," she refers to her
reaction to her tragedy as well as writing the book.

"People look at me and say, 'How did you do that? How did you get the courage to
just go back out and resume living again?'"

The acid burns on her face and other parts of her body brought doubts about her
survival -- the excruciating pain of burns, the surgeries and skin grafts, the
near loss of eyesight. For a while, her face was grotesquely deformed. Her book
conveys that by describing the shocked looks from people who knew her.

And, "So many people said, 'When are you going to write a book? When are you
going to write a book?' One day I just sat down and started typing."

She started with the incident but filled much of the book with her commentary
and her reactions.

Broaddus found strength, faith and a capability for forgiveness in her recovery.
"I think I had those attributes before," she said, "but they were kind of
buried." After all, she had survived as a single mother with no job and no
money.

She said she must have started with some courage and self-esteem, and "all your
life, you add to it."

Her co-author called it an "inner survival kit." Kimberly Lohman Suiters, an
Oklahoma City television journalist, helped write the book.

It contains heavy messages.

"I wanted people to know there was hope. Without hope, there is nothing. I had
the strongest feeling of knowing I could not leave my daughters. I lost my
mother at their age. Nobody can ever replace a mother or father." Her first
thought after the crime, according to the book, was "to get a message to them."

She includes a broad message to the perpetrator. The person who threw the acid
has not been caught; the crime is unsolved, and the case has been closed.

"I wanted him to know I had forgiven him. He wasn't going to hurt me twice. I
hold no animosity. I'm going to go on with my life."

Throughout the book are appearances by an obvious celebrity. Broaddus' sister
Robin is married to Dr. Phil McGraw, TV personality and author. He appears to be
not only an uncle and friend for the family but also a counselor and benefactor.

Broaddus' attitude is positive in that she thinks good may come from the pain
and evil. "I think I have a purpose in life now. If I can give someone else hope
.... I'm proud I have a legacy I can give."

The random act of violence was met with random acts of kindness, "and they all
happened to me."

She said, "It's been an awesome journey. I want to appreciate it. I want the
memories." MEET THE AUTHOR

Cindi Broaddus will sign "A Random Act" from 3 to 4:30 p.m. Saturday at Full
Circle Bookstore, 50 Penn Place.


LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BOOK REVIEW

GRAPHIC: "A Random Act" (book cover)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 2, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Winter experiences become fond memories

BYLINE: STEVE HASEL

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Columns; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 724 words



Now I know.

     Florida crackers do not freeze in the snow.

     Let me explain how I learned this fact. Having lived in Florida for    14
years, I decided to take my family to New Hampshire during the    middle of
winter. It was an unforgettable experience.

     Talk about culture shock  I'll never belittle our own "snowbirds"    again.

   I'm not quite sure what we Floridians are called when we visit    the frigid
Northeast in February, but the term "crazy" comes to mind.

     My daughters Cari, 8, and Jodi, 4, had never seen snow, and my wife
loves to ski, so I thought I'd solve both problems with a visit to my
sister's family in the booming metropolis of Center Sandwich, N.H.,    during
early February.

     Once we conquered our fears of having enough warm clothing (I owned    only
one long-sleeved shirt, and we had to borrow warm jackets from    friends), we
flew to Boston. People who saw us at the baggage claim at    Logan Airport must
have wondered what planet we flew in from.

     There we were in our Florida clothes trying to grab our    cold-weather
wraps from our luggage as the kids begged us to let them    go outside and play
in the crusty gray snow by the sidewalk. I wouldn't    allow it until I had the
camera ready - to capture that magic moment    when they first touched snow.

     The roads were dry for the three-hour drive to Center Sandwich    (near
Squam Lake, the site for the filming of On Golden Pond), and I    began to
relax. It would become a wonderful adventure.

     A few of the new experiences for our family included skiing,    sledding,
icicle eating, braving a blizzard to have a lobster sandwich    at a colonial
inn down the street from our house and talking one-on-one    with presidential
candidate Jack Kemp in an old country store. It was    primary week in New
Hampshire, but I didn't go to absorb the politics.

 I went to see how different life was up there. After all, my sister    said
they could never leave the area to move South, and I wondered why.

     It didn't take long to find out.

     The people we met seemed very happy, having learned to live with    the
occasional snowstorm and enjoying each season for all it had to    offer.  2
We shopped at some small craft shops (they're almost everywhere -    even my
sister is considered an artist, specializing in salt-dough    ornaments), and we
visited a beautiful mall, complete with a frozen    waterfall.

     But just being out and seeing the frozen lakes, the snow-covered    trees
and the small mountains blanketed in white made the trip    worthwhile.

     My biggest mistake was oversleeping the day after the 20-inch    snowfall.
My brother-in-law (a minister, no less) pelted me with a    snowball as I lay in
my warm bed, resisting the temptation to help my    wife and sister shovel snow
from the drive.

     Reading the police blotter in the local paper quickly showed me the    vast
differences between this winter wonderland and Pinellas County.

 The hot item that day was a news flash that "the IGA Foodliner    reported
receiving pennies rolled in a dime wrapper."

     By the end of our seven-day stay, I had grown quite accustomed to
wearing long underwear and two pairs of socks. As we packed to leave,    my
8-year-old begged for us to move there, or at least to return at    Christmas.

     Much to my surprise, I was wishing I could.

     But I've returned to my reality as a news photographer. Back to an    area
where shootings and murders are commonplace. Where airplanes crash    into
homes. Where tourists clog our streets and beaches.

     Don't get me wrong; I love Clearwater. But it sure was nice    experiencing
New Hampshire at its best. Each area has something special    to offer,
something people dream of. The proof? My sister's family is    down here for a
two-week vacation. I can only hope their memories will      be as special as
ours were.

 Steve Hasel is a photographer in the Clearwater bureau of the St.    Petersburg
Times.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES;
TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); COLOR PHOTO, Steve Hasel, (2); Steve Hasel
enjoying a 20-inch snowstorm; Steve Hasel (ran CT2, NT2, LT2); Snow scene with a
church, (ran CT1, NT1, LT1); Cari Hasel, (ran CT1, NT1, LT1).

                            Times Publishing Company


                              393 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          September 20, 2003, Saturday

THE SILVER LINING FOR BLAIR IS THE TORY COLLAPSE

BYLINE: DONALD MACINTYRE

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 903 words


When the Liberals snatched their celebrated by-election victory in 1962, Timothy
Birdsall, the cartoonist then used by the brilliant satirical programme That Was
The Week That Was, drew on live television a map of the world which featured
Orpington at its hub. Every intercontinental line on the Birdsall map - from
Beijing, New York, Los Angeles, Sydney, and so on - led straight to the hitherto
not very famous Kent suburb.

The point of the cartoon, of course, was to debunk the extravagant hype which
had surrounded the Orpington "breakthrough" which commentators and MPs had
rushed to insist heralded a whole new three-party era in British politics. In
this Birdsall was prophetic. By the time it came to the general election two
years later the Liberals improved their performance over 1959 by just three
seats - bringing the total to nine.

Although the circumstances are far from identical, it's similarly premature to
write Brent East into the history books as a momentous turning point. As the
Liberal Democrats have more reason to know than most, a by-election win, however
sensational, does not on its own propel a party into the electoral Premier
League.

This isn't to belittle their victory. To come from third place and defeat
Labour, for the first time in a by-election, is a signal achievement. To see its
stand on Iraq - undoubtedly one of the key issues at Brent, especially among the
substantial ethnic minority population - rewarded is a source of real
satisfaction. More widely, it demonstrates the extent to which Charles Kennedy's
strategy has shed any lingering impression that the Lib Dems are a pale shadow
of Labour.

And this is much more than a trick of the light. New research by Nottingham
University's Philip Cowley and Mark Stuart shows that the Lib Dems' Commons
voting behaviour has changed dramatically on a range of policies much wider than
Iraq. By this stage of the first Blair parliament, the Lib Dems supported the
Government in about half of all whipped votes. In the current parliamentary
session, they have opposed the Government in 74 per cent of whipped votes. The
Brent result is a handsome vindication of the Lib Dems' emerging role under Mr
Kennedy as a bona fide opposition party.

But it does mean that the Lib Dems do need a streak of sobriety to offset all
the euphoria. Mr Kennedy is wholly entitled to the triumphant reception that now
awaits him at his Brighton conference next week. But to build on the success he
now needs to use his keynote speech to start looking and sounding like a
genuinely credible alternative opposition leader.

For the Government, the result is a serious psychological blow which will
inevitably darken the clouds over Tony Blair as he approaches his own conference
the week after. This was a test with real voters and the first Labour
by-election defeat since 1988 cannot fail to have a real world impact. Blairites
see themselves in a tunnel post-Iraq and pre- Hutton. Whether there is light at
the end of it and New Labour can emerge - if not unscathed, since the Hutton
findings on the handling of Dr David Kelly in the final period of his life can
hardly fail to inflict damage - at least intact remains to be seen.

But until then the by-election will be used by union and party opponents of
policies - including those on public-service reform - to press their case at
Bournemouth on a resistant PM that a change of heart is needed. Particularly
since the lamentable turnout underlines a deep disaffection with the political
process as well as with their own government among many Labour supporters.

The silver lining for a shocked Labour Party, however, is the utterly dismal
performance of the Tories. The argument which Iain Duncan Smith will use to the
Scottish Tories today - that the Lib Dems have made a strategic error by
attacking Labour from the left in ways which won't work in many of their
(Tory-held) target seats - is rocky to say the least.

His criticism that the Lib Dems do not always say the same things in different
places has something in it. But in their populist opposition to tuition fees the
Tories are in the same camp as the Lib Dems. And on Iraq, at least one recent
poll shows disaffection with the joint IDS-Tony Blair policy on Iraq as nearly
as high among Tory supporters as among Labour ones.

In normal times you might say that Labour would be worried about the Tories
becoming so crushed that they might finally decide to change their leadership to
one closer to the mainstream of public opinion. And while that danger can't be
ruled out, there is no sign that the Conservatives are capable of overcoming
their disarray enough to agree an alternative leader.

What's more, the massive Labour to Lib Dem swing at Brent doesn't necessarily
spell doom for the governing party. For even if the Labour vote is badly
squeezed in the general election in all those seats where the Lib Dems are most
active, the principal effect will be to takes seats off the Conservatives who
hold most of the Lib Dem target seats.

If nothing else, the by-election is a dramatic curtain-raiser for the conference
season in which all the parties will need to guard against overreaction but may
well fail to do so: excessive euphoria at the Lib Dems'; tension, turbulence and
volatility at Labour's; and depression and paralysis at the Tories'.

d.macintyre@independent.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Independent Print Ltd


                              394 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 21, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PEOPLE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 800 words

PEOPLE COLUMN


EDWARD JAMES OLMOS, who played a teacher in "Stand and Deliver," was chosen to
make a real-life contribution to education.

Olmos is the newest trustee of Whittier College in Whittier, Calif.

Olmos was nominated for an Oscar for his role as a demanding calculus teacher in
"Stand and Deliver" and won Emmy and Golden Globe awards for "Miami Vice."

The actor also is known for his community activism. He joined others in urging
calm during the Los Angeles riots last year and helped clean up the streets
after the unrest.

Whittier College's most famous alumnus is, of course, former President RICHARD
NIXON.

WALTER CRONKITE, granddaddy of CBS news, said happy talk in place of
hard-hitting network coverage belittles the intelligence of viewers.

"Part of it is understandable," Cronkite said in Friday's editions of The
Herald-Sun of Durham, N.C. "They've been trying, in view of CNN, to recapture
their role somewhat."

CNN's 24-hour news coverage has meant that news won't hold until evening
newscasts, so network executives have emphasized lighter stories, Cronkite said.
And newspapers and magazines followed suit.

He prefers a just-the-facts-ma'am approach, "abjuring adjectives and adverbs. I
don't really need those."

Cronkite is in Durham for the weekend for a gala to promote the Duke University
Eye Center.

Before Durham, Cronkite was in Phoenix, Ariz., to present the Walter Cronkite
Award for Excellence in Journalism and Telecommunication to United Press
International correspondent HELEN THOMAS, she who closes the White House news
conferences by saying, "Thank you, Mr. President."

But often she wishes she could do it differently.

"You'll never know how many times I've wanted to say, 'No thank you, Mr.
President," ' Thomas said at Thursday's ceremony.

The award is given by the Arizona State University School of Journalism and
Telecommunication.

Thomas, 73, has covered every president since JOHN F. KENNEDY.

A sapphire-and-diamond brooch left by actress AUDREY HEPBURN to benefit a home
for needy actors was auctioned last week in Geneva for $ 53,000, double its
estimated value.

The identity of the purchaser was not immediately available, said a spokeswoman
for the auctioneer Christie's.

Hepburn died of cancer Jan. 20 at her home in the Lake Geneva community of
Tolochenaz.  ON THIS DAY

On Nov. 21, 1964, the Verrazano Narrows Bridge opened, linking the New York City
boroughs of Brooklyn and Staten Island.  TODAY'S BIRTHDAYS Baseball
Hall-of-Famer Stan Musial 73 Actress-singer Vivian Blaine      72 Actor Laurence
Luckinbill         59 Actress Marlo Thomas              56 Ballet dancer Natalia
Makarova    53 Actress Juliet Mills              52 Actress Goldie Hawn
              48 Actress-singer Lorna Luft         41

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo Headshot - (Edward James) Olmos: Real-life trustee

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              395 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             March 22, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Rich Hofmann: Why mid-majors have become major thorn in NCAA Tournament

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 106

LENGTH: 922 words


JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Cornell in the East, Saint Mary's in the South, Northern
Iowa in the Midwest and Butler in the West. Four of the mid-majors are through
now, and you can add Xavier in the West, too, if you want. They are through to
the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. You cannot ignore them, not if you watched
the games. You cannot belittle them, not with that cheery, familiar,
nice-little-team damnation.

Butler has the tournament history. Saint Mary's dropped Villanova with the
easiest-on-the-eyes playing style you will ever hope to see. Northern Iowa
knocked out top seed Kansas and has gumption raised to a special power, so
special that even sports writers who know that they might have to type the name
Ali Farokhmanesh on deadline don't seem to mind.

And now there is Cornell, which has absolutely annihilated two of the nation's
top defensive teams, Temple and Wisconsin. Next up for the Ivy League champions
is No. 1 Kentucky in a morality play waiting to happen, the
scholars-vs.-mercenaries story line to be served up by the disgusting ladle-full
over the next week, so much tired pap.

Anyway, Cornell guard Louis Dale, after his team's 87-69 floor-wiping of
Wisconsin, was talking about motivation. And he said, "We've got eight seniors
on this team, and we want to take this ride as long as we can because after this
it's just nothing but babies and memories. So we'll just keep going."

Mid-majors. There are people who hate the term. In its most pure form, it is a
simple statement about the economic realities of college basketball, essentially
the divide between the schools that earn big-time college football revenue and
the schools that don't.

The danger comes when a label that is meant to be descriptive becomes
dismissive. When tournament bids - read: money - become involved, you hear it
all the time among the people who flack for the BCS football leagues on
television. It is a tone more than anything.

Well, here is the reply: Butler, Saint Mary's, Northern Iowa, Cornell. A
lifetime ago, Penn made it to the Final Four in 1979 behind this little internal
mantra: "We've got a secret." In the here and now, Cornell coach Steve Donahue
seems to know exactly what it is.

"Now, especially when you're older and experienced, 22-year-old mid-majors - if
they're talented - are probably better suited for this environment than
19-year-old kids that are thinking about the next level," Donahue said.
"Wisconsin doesn't fall into that, but that's generally what it is.

"These games mean the life to these kids. I sense that some of those other
teams, those kids, when this ends, there are better things, basketballwise. This
is it for us, for the most part.

"This is what they dream about. Most of those kids probably dream about the
NBA."

With those NBA kids from Kentucky looming, everyone knows who has the best
athletes. It isn't even a conversation, and it matters a lot. But Cornell has
good talent, great skill, a solid bench, lots of seniors, a coach who is widely
respected, and nothing to lose.

Donahue said he had never played on or coached a team that executed as well as
Cornell did yesterday. "I couldn't even imagine that we could play that well in
the stretches that we did," he said.

The Big Red jumped out to an 11-1 lead and got good look after good look against
a team that had specialized in tying opponents in ugly knots forever under coach
Bo Ryan. They shot 61.1 percent for the game. Dale, who owns any part of the
floor he wants to own, scored 26, and Ryan Wittman had 24 points on 10-for-15
shooting.

Cornell played two No. 1 seeds in this tournament on the road, losing at Kansas
and at Syracuse. That kind of scheduling has toughened this team, clearly.

"I don't think there's any question," Donahue said. "I think those games have
already benefited us greatly . . . Now, in the NCAA Tournament, you get a
neutral site, you get great officials, you just really get an opportunity to
play your game against teams in a real honest, clean environment - which for a
mid-major against high majors is very difficult."

Donahue would climb into the stands after the game to be with his wife and kids.
Later, his voice would break and there would be tears when he mentioned Cornell
athletic director Andy Noel, who stuck with him in the early years. You do have
to travel more difficult roads to reach days like these if you are a mid-major.
And it's funny: On these days, the size of the obstacles is in direct proportion
to the persistence of the smiles.

Because people can be brutal. On Saturday, Cornell's Jon Jaques was asked about
his use of the term "Hatorade," and he was quite happy to explain.

"I don't know," he said, "it's just something people who don't respect your
program, I guess [people] don't think you belong at this spot. I think we have
proven, though, that we do belong here in the tournament, and hopefully no one
is drinking any Hatorade against us."

If they are, they are choking on it today - because we all know, if we have
eyes, that for certain teams, in certain special seasons, the labels really do
cease to matter anymore. Or, as Cornell's Alex Tyler said, "Before we got here,
we were a low major. To be called a mid-major is actually a nice step up."

Butler. Saint Mary's. Northern Iowa. Cornell. Mid-majors, then. On the greatest
weekends like this, it is a description, yes, but not necessarily a destiny.

Send e-mail to hofmanr@phillynews.com,

or read his blog, The Idle Rich, at

http://go.philly.com/theidlerich.

For recent columns go to

http://go.philly.com/hofmann.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             January 9, 1995 Monday

Suspicious minds

BYLINE: CHRIS HUTCHINS

LENGTH: 1763 words


Elvis Presley met the Beatles only once, privately at Elvis's home in Los
Angeles. Afterwards, both camps put out press statements saying how much of an
honor it had been. But those statements were lies. The evening was a disaster -
with John Lennon deliberately trying to belittle the man who was known as the
King. Today, for the first time, the man who set up that meeting, CHRIS
HUTCHINS, speaks.

A SAVAGE electrical storm was raging across the Nevada desert the night the
stretch limousine took Tom Jones and myself through the streets of Las Vegas
from Caesars Palace to the Hilton Hotel to meet Elvis Presley. It was February,
1973.

When the car pulled up, Elvis's lieutenant, Joe Esposito, the leader of Elvis's
so-called "Memphis Mafia", was waiting to conduct our small group to the
Imperial suite on the 30th floor. Elvis hadn't been expecting Tom to arrive in
Las Vegas but had been glad to get my phone call, as Tom's PR consultant, saying
that we were in town.

Joe told us: "The Boss would really appreciate the company of an old buddy
tonight . . . but take it easy. He's got troubles." When we asked what troubles,
we were told that Elvis had been unwinding after his second show when someone
had unwisely mentioned John Lennon.

"Lennon?" Elvis had snapped angrily, instantly flaring up. "You oughta spell
that L-e-n-i-n." Only those privy to his deepest thoughts knew at that time just
how much Elvis hated the former Beatle or to what lengths he had gone to try to
destroy him.

Even though the Beatles had now broken up and were no longer the threat to Elvis
that they had been in the middle '60s, he still could never forgive Lennon.

To Elvis, Lennon had become a symbol of anti-American activism, a mocking,
unwashed, long-haired hero of a drug culture that was threatening the
established order of things.

Ironically, of course, Elvis's judgment was distorted by his own drug
dependence. He had once told Tom Jones during a previous meeting that "I tried
everything before Lennon even knew what a stimulant was" and, by this time, he
had long since lost his sense of reality.

But Elvis's vendetta against Lennon was no new craze. He had waged an
unrelenting campaign against John ever since they had fallen out at their one
and only meeting back in the '60s. I remembered that occasion extremely well -
because I was the man who had set it up.

Now, as Tom Jones and I walked into Elvis's vast hotel suite with its sunken
living room, we saw that party guests, hand-picked because they were either
decorative or useful in some other way, were trying to enliven proceedings. Rain
pelted down on the penthouse roof but the wraparound view of the encircling
mountains was excluded by heavy drapes. Elvis was frightened of storms and the
music was turned up loud to drown out the pyrotechnics.

We were received warmly enough, although a curtain of Welsh gloom descended on
Tom Jones the moment he gauged Elvis's mood. Tom sat down and ran his fingers
through his black hair. He hated to see his friend in emotional pain. The reason
was known to anyone with the ability to read or switch on a TV set.

The King's life had been torn apart when Priscilla, his wife of five years, had
told him she was leaving for her new lover, Mike Stone.

There was to be no trial separation, no second chance. She had finally come to
the conclusion that Elvis's addiction to drugs, prescribed and otherwise, had
not only made him unwell but also extremely dangerous.

Priscilla had flown to Las Vegas in February, 1972, to give Elvis the bad news.

His reaction confirmed her worst fears. For years, their marriage had been
virtually sexless, yet he had forced her down on his bed and made angry love to
her.

Priscilla had fled back to Los Angeles, packed her bags and moved out of their
Beverly Hills home, taking their daughter Lisa Marie with her. For the past 12
months, Elvis had been alternatively suicidal and homicidal.

"Are you still trying to get her back?" asked Tom, settling into a glass of Dom
Perignon. "Do you still talk to her?" "Every night, Tom. I call her every night.
She just keeps on saying it's all over. The divorce is going ahead. This has
been one helluva time." Elvis's calls to Priscilla had been anything but
conciliatory. One night, he had threatened to come for Mike Stone with an M-16
rifle, put him up against a wall and execute him.

In deep distress, Elvis had stormed around the penthouse with the rifle. He had
had to be sedated before someone got seriously hurt.

The way Elvis told it, however, he was the wronged party. Although his own
extramarital romps with young girls were an open secret in show-business
circles, the thing that stuck in his craw was that Priscilla had dared to be
unfaithful to him. Elvis felt shamed and betrayed.

Even worse, her lover was Mike Stone, the karate instructor Elvis and I had in
common - a man with the physique of a Hawaiian Hercules. Her infidelity with
him, of all men, threatened not only Elvis's public image but also his manhood.

Tom Jones identified strongly with Elvis's sense of outrage, although no woman,
neither his long-suffering wife, Linda, nor any of his numerous lovers, had ever
left him. He had stayed with Linda and kissed all the others goodbye.

The irony was that, until Priscilla's defection, things had been going
promisingly from Elvis's point of view. In January, 1972, J. Edgar Hoover, the
FBI director for whom Elvis worked as an undercover agent spying on "subversive"
entertainers, had succeeded in having a deportation order served on Lennon and
his second wife, Yoko Ono.

But John and Yoko had appealed against the order and, supported by artists,
writers, actors and film-makers as well as high-powered attorneys, they were
pressing to be granted permanent residence status.

"I think this has something to do with Yoko and me being so outspoken over the
Vietnam War," said John with typical understatement. "We love it here. Like Mr
Nixon in his broadcast on Vietnam, all we are saying is give peace a chance."
And in one bizarre manoeuvre, the Lennons claimed diplomatic immunity on the
grounds that they were ambassadors of the Cosmic Kingdom of Nutopia. Just as the
battle had reached the courts, Hoover, the man whom Elvis misguidedly called
"the greatest living American", had died of a massive heart attack. With the
chief motivator of the Lennon witch-hunt permanently off the scene, the FBI had
started to lose interest. Moreover, the expense of spying on the Lennons,
tapping their phones and keeping track of their eccentric movements 24 hours a
day was simply too high to justify. Elvis had lost his greatest ally, ironically
a man who had detested Elvis as much as he had despised Lennon.

If he couldn't have Priscilla back, Elvis wanted two things more than anything
else in life: he wanted Mike Stone out of the way, and he wanted Lennon barred
from the US. As the rain drummed down on the Imperial suite beneath the giant
red Hilton insignia on the roof, both objectives seemed to be slipping beyond
his reach.

At this point, Elvis turned his attention to me. "Chris," he said, "it was you
who brought the Beatles to my house, wasn't it? What an asshole John Lennon
turned out to be." My mind flashed back to August 27, 1965. It was a Friday
night and the bar of the Beverly Hillcrest Hotel in Los Angeles was crowded with
newshounds following the Beatles' tour of the US, all of them desperate for a
good story. It was already early Saturday morning in London and the British
Sunday papers were screaming for a front-page Beatles exclusive.

The arrangements for that night were immensely complicated and had taken me
months to bring to fruition.

I had first met the Beatles in their Hamburg days in 1962, when I was a reporter
for the New Musical Express, and I had shared many of their adventures after
Beatlemania broke out in the US in 1964. I also had been an Elvis fan since
boyhood and I met his powerful manager, the legendary Colonel Tom Parker, in Los
Angeles in 1964, and then Elvis himself at the Paramount studios in 1965.

I had tried to persuade Elvis to meet the Beatles, pointing out the advantages
to both camps. But Elvis had been reluctant, although I did manage to arrange a
telephone conversation between Elvis and Paul McCartney in September, 1964.

Now I had the scoop of my life. I was to be the only journalist present when
Elvis entertained the Beatles at his West Coast home in Bel Air.

First Colonel Parker and I had to meet Brian Epstein at Los Angeles Airport. We
did, and then the colonel's station-wagon drove on to the San Diego Freeway
heading north.

"Is everything set your end?" the colonel asked Brian.

"Well, it was when I left New York," the Beatles' manager replied tetchily.

"Just checkin'," said the colonel, enjoying himself. Through the windscreen, a
street sign read Sunset Blvd.

"We change cars here," commanded the colonel. Everyone piled into a white
limousine parked beside the kerb. When we reached Benedict Canyon, we switched
cars again, this time into a black limousine with one of Elvis's Memphis Mafia
at the wheel.

"Sure you weren't followed?" asked the colonel.

"Not unless they're hiding in the trunk," the driver answered sourly.

"Go check," remonstrated the colonel. "We can't be too careful." The limousine
swept past a group of inquisitive fans standing at the five-bar gate outside No
2850, where the Beatles were staying, and into the privacy of the driveway.

The Beatles emerged with their henchmen Neil Aspinall and Mal Evans and piled
into the back of another black limousine driven by Alf Bicknell, the British
chauffeur who had accompanied them to America.

Thoroughly enjoying the intrigue, the colonel shouted like a wagon-master: "Roll
em!" The two cars pulled level with the fans camped outside the front gate.
There were squeals and screams. Police motorcycle riders pulled into the road
behind us, to prevent anyone following. Halfway down Benedict, we veered off to
the right and joined Sunset Blvd near the stone archway into Bel Air.

Police cars blocked the roadway, holding up traffic. Red lights flashed and the
crackle of police radios sounded in the night. Then the road started to curve
and rise steeply. This journey, I thought, had really been uphill all the way.

At 10 o'clock that night, I finally entered the doorway of 565 Perugia Way.

From Elvis Meets the Beatles, by Chris Hutchins and Peter Thompson, published by
Smith Gryphon. To be published and distributed in Australia, March 17, by Allen
and Unwin, $34.95.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: elvis presley and the beatles; Elvis and the Beatles: an
unrelenting vendetta.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              397 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            June 13, 1970, Saturday

SECTION: Page 18, Column 4

LENGTH: 33 words

NYC Mayor Lindsay, endorsing Sen Goodell, is silent on Gov Rockefeller; goes to
Harlem to endorse Rangel; Young calls move white paternalism; O'Dwyer belittles
Lindsay endorsement of Goodell; illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              398 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 25, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Science and the Native American Cosmos

SECTION: Section A;  Page 38;  Column 5;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 216 words


To the Editor:

The implicit invocation of the Scopes trial in your headline "Indian Tribes'
Creationists Thwart Archeologists" (front page, Oct. 22) and pull-quote, "a
Sioux official denounces evolution," belittles the important argument made by
Vine Deloria Jr. and other Indian thinkers. To assert that "American Indian
creationists have been adamant in their opposition to modern science" and to
compare Indian thinkers to fundamentalist Christians is to minimize a valid
critique of the theory of evolution.

Half a century ago, in 1945, Gertrude Stein put it best when she wrote:
"Evolution is no longer interesting. It is historical now and no longer actual."
Stein, who was 8 years old when Darwin died, studied evolutionary biology at
Radcliffe and was a medical student at Johns Hopkins. She realized the
imperialist purposes to which Darwin's theory was so often put: "Evolution was
as exciting as the discovery of America, by Columbus quite as exciting, and
quite as much an opening up and a limiting, quite as much."

Stein's pairing of Columbus and evolution is no accident. Darwin's theory did as
much to justify colonialism in the 19th century as Columbus's so-called
"discovery" of the "New World" did in the 15th.

BRIAN EDWARDS
Baltimore, Oct. 23, 1996

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              399 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Nilda Rego: San Francisco history, 1879: Denis Kearney's slogan was 'The Chinese
must go.'

BYLINE: By Nilda Rego Contra Costa Times Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


Newspaper editors all over the country seemed to belittle him. A U.S. senator
called him "an unduly inflated sack of gas." But Denis Kearney could rouse a
crowd. He had a simple solution to the dire economic problems of the country in
the 1879. "The Chinese must go," was his slogan.

Kearney had been on the other side a year earlier. He was a member of the
"Pick-Handle Brigade" that saved San Francisco's Chinatown from the ruffians who
engulfed the city in a two-day anti-Chinese riot.

But if ever there was a man who took advantage of an opportunity, it was
Kearney. He emigrated from Ireland in 1868, became a citizen and started a
hauling freight company. He got into politics to break the city-backed monopoly
of the draying, or hauling freight, business.

He first attacked big business, especially the railroad magnates. He espoused
the ideas of Karl Marx, terrifying the powers that be. He then realized that the
out-of-work white man was blaming the Chinese immigrant for the high
unemployment rate.

He joined the Workingman's Party and took it over. In 1879 that party won a
third of the seats of the California Constitutional Convention. It was able to
get a number of anti-Chinese provisions into the document.

"When the Chinese question is settled, we can discuss whether it would be better
to hang, shoot, or cut the capitalists to pieces," he was quoted in the San
Francisco Evening Bulletin. He boasted that he had 50,000 men ready to push the
Chinese immigrants into the sea.

"If the ballot fails, we are ready to use the bullet."

Kearney traveled the country bringing his message as far as Boston. He was
instrumental in getting Congress to pass the first Chinese exclusion laws in
1882 and he was proud of his involvement to the day he died.

But while the Chinese exclusion laws multiplied and stayed on the books until
the 1940s, Kearney's and the Workingman's Party's power waned. It was over by
the mid-1880s.

Even if his political power disappeared, Kearney did quite well financially.

"No man should have more than $100,000 at the outside. But I have enough for
myself. I made quite a little money in Wall Street about eight years ago, more
than I have now, but I have enough. I live on the interest and will leave the
principal to my children. They will, I suppose spend it. Young people these days
do not appreciate money; they let it slip through their fingers," he told the
Fresno Republican on June 8, 1906.

Kearney died almost a year later in Alameda, where he had moved after his house
burned because of the San Francisco earthquake.

"Fame is fleeting. Notoriety more so. Dennis [sic] Kearney is dead and the
Associated Press devoted just three lines in relating the fact. Yet a little
less than 30 years ago, Kearney was the most talked of man in all California,"
reported the Bakersfield California on April 27, 1907.

Days Gone By appears on Sundays. Contact Nilda Rego atnildarego@comcast.net .

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Typo-filled mosaic belittles art

BYLINE: TOM WEBER

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 574 words


If the purpose of public art is to evoke an emotional response from those who
view it, that ceramic mosaic outside the public library in Livermore, Calif.,
has more than fulfilled its aesthetic mission.

You might have heard about this now infamous mosaic, a colorful, primitive-style
piece that measures 16 feet in diameter and depicts an array of literary and
historic figures. It's gotten a lot of national publicity recently, not because
of its artistic merit but because the thing is riddled with typos.

Of the 175 words inscribed in the mosaic, 10 well-known names and one word are
misspelled. The name Einstein, for example, is spelled "Eistein," while
Shakespeare is spelled "Shakespere," Van Gogh is spelled "Van Gough," and
Michelangelo is etched in stone as "Michaelangelo."

Considering that the work happens to be located at the entrance to a library,
the symbol of a town's commitment to literacy, the obvious errors are
unacceptable. At least that was the opinion of the Livermore library director,
who was understandably miffed when this artful display of illiteracy was
unveiled at the gateway to the new building in May.

But the artist, a Miami woman named Maria Alquilar who was paid $40,000 for the
work, doesn't see it that way at all. Until a couple of days ago, in fact, she
had refused to make the corrections, claiming that the flap was much ado about
nothing, in the words of "Shakespere" himself, and that people with a true
appreciation for art would never have even noticed the misspellings if the
persnickety librarians had not pointed them out.

Alquilar, a former schoolteacher, reluctantly agreed to make the corrections
only after squeezing another $6,000, plus expenses, from the city council.

"I really want people to see the work's meaning so they stop making issues of
things that are unimportant," sniffed the unrepentant Alquilar, insisting her
mosaic is a "fantastic" work that has been denigrated by the local Philistines
and 1,000 or so e-mailers who called her a crackpot in desperate need of a
dictionary.

"When you look at Michelangelo's David, do you point out that one [testicle] is
lower than the other?" Alquilar rationalized in a San Francisco newspaper,
suggesting that she might indeed be a crackpot who has perhaps breathed too many
paint fumes and should have her artistic license revoked.

By the way, Alquilar admitted that she knew she had misspelled Einstein when she
inscribed it, but decided to proceed with the piece anyway while blithely
tossing in several more blunders along the way.

"I just wasn't that concerned," she told reporters. "None of us are particularly
good spellers anymore because of computers."

She does have a point there; Web sites, e-mails and instant-messages are
littered with misspellings, an unfortunate trend that should concern anyone who
cherishes the written word.

But thoughtlessly plastering a highly visible work of art with misspellings,
then arrogantly insisting that words are unimportant to "people that really love
art," only perpetuates the sloppy disregard for correctly written language that
has infiltrated all aspects of our society and also is a slap in the face to
literate art lovers everywhere.

There is a bright side to this quirky little controversy, though. All the
publicity about the mosaic has significantly increased the number of visitors to
the library, its director said, and you don't have to be an Abbott Eistein to
appreciate the value in that.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              401 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                          September 21, 1999, Tuesday

Perils of personalising the VCR

BYLINE: JON HEALEY * Video programming

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 1106 words


SAN JOSE: For many TV viewers, the increase in cable and satellite channels
hasn't made it easier to find something good to watch -- it has just buried the
good shows under a growing mound of video landfill.

Ed Wodzienski has responded to the challenge in typical Silicon Valley fashion:
with new technology. A computer consultant in Santa Clara, California,
Wodzienski uses one of an emerging set of microprocessor-powered tools to sift
through the expanded line-up and record shows he might otherwise have
overlooked.

His helper -- a $US499 ($760) Philips digital video recorder -- uses software
from Santa Clara-based TiVo to suggest shows that Wodzienski might find
appealing. It's far from perfect, he says, but it's a start.

While some competitors belittle TiVo's approach, there is widespread interest
around the TV industry in creating advanced program guides that can personalise
the nightly lineup. For example, there are several onscreen guides today that
make it easier to find and record shows according to some feature that you might
like -- a particular actress, say, or a movie genre.

In the coming months, more companies will try to follow TiVo's lead and predict
programs based on your viewing profile. It's a tricky task that involves some
heavy statistical analysis, but advocates say these advanced program guides are
the wave of the future.

"It's where the industry is headed," says Mark Jackson, chief technologist at
the satellite-TV company EchoStar Communications.

EchoStar has aligned with Microsoft's WebTV for digital recording technology,
while competitor DirecTV has joined forces with TiVo. Both plan to include
software in their receivers next year that tries to learn a viewer's tastes and
record programs accordingly.

The emergence of these technologies may be a double-edged sword for consumers.

That's because the information collected to gauge your TV preferences can reveal
a lot about your personality, interests and other personal details that you'd
just as soon keep to yourself.

Advertisers crave such information because it helps them target their pitches
more effectively, and service providers like the idea of collecting more from
advertisers. But TiVo, for one, says it can't gather individually identifiable
data from its boxes, only national compilations of viewer behaviour.

The viewer's dilemma is this: even on an antiquated cable system like the one in
San Jose, there are nearly 2000 hours of programs to choose from each and every
day.

For most of those shows, a fair amount of information is available -- schedules,
plot summaries, rating codes, actors, directors and the like. Viewers with
specially equipped sets, satellite TV or digital cable service can display this
information on their TV screens, using something called an electronic program
guide.

The problem is getting through all that data. And that's where the new program
guide technology comes in. Wodzienski's TiVo recorder learns the viewer's likes
and dislikes by tracking his reactions to shows or program listings, which he
expresses by pressing a green thumbs-up or a red thumbs-down button on his
remote control.

Wodzienski can also tell the box which channels are his favourites.

The box uses this input to develop a profile of Ed Wodzienski, TV viewer. Then
it compares the profile with information in the program guide and, if there's
free space on its storage disk, records programs that might appeal to him.

At first, he says, there seemed to be no correlation between what he was telling
the box and what it was suggesting. For example, after he gave a thumbs-up to
the futuristic horror film, Aliens, the box started recording black-and-white
action flicks on a classic movie channel.

Over time, though, the box has started hitting closer to the mark --
particularly after Wodzienski clued it in to his favourite channels. "It's a
little better," he says, "but not as much as I would have liked."

Jim Barton, TiVo's chief technical officer, says the quality of the predictions
depends on the amount of input from the user. That's because the thumbs-up and
thumbs-down buttons don't tell the box why the viewer likes or dislikes the show
-- it could be the plot, the director, the star, or any number of factors not
listed in the program guide.

Barton says TiVo could have designed the software to ask for more detailed
input, but the company didn't want to ask users for more than a single click of
the remote. As a consequence, the box has to try to find patterns in the
viewers' likes and dislikes that can explain why they responded the way they
did. And that requires a lot of input.

The hardest part is finding a correlation between what someone likes in one
programming genre and what they like in another. For example, how likely is it
that someone who loves a John Wayne western will also love Veronica's Closet?

"There are companies whose whole business is developing models for these sorts
of correlations

"They do this in supermarkets all the time," Barton says. Although good models
have yet to be developed for TV viewers, he says, studies have found there are
not many different types of people ... they tend to fall into socioeconomic
buckets.

But Metabyte goes one step further than TiVo in trying to divine a viewer's
tastes. Its technology, which it hopes to demonstrate in January, tries to judge
what a viewer likes by tracking everything he or she tunes to for more than a
passing glance.

"We assume that people watch the kind of TV they like watching," says Andy
Fischer, director of business development for Metabyte. "And so by monitoring
their consumption of television programs we can make reasonable decisions" about
what else they might enjoy.

Obviously, there are some drawbacks. What if you watched two minutes of The
Jerry Springer Show before coming to your senses? What if you fell asleep in
front of the Home Shopping Network?

"None of those things cause large swings in the profile of you that we're
building up," Fischer says.

He says the key is to gather a large amount of information about your viewing
habits -- say, two weeks' worth. "It is an adaptive algorithm that learns over
time," Fischer says. "The impact of incorrect data will be reduced over time."

Metabyte is talking to a number of companies about using its technology, but it
has yet to announce any deals.

As with TiVo's profiles, Fischer says Metabyte's technology can help advertisers
target their pitches more effectively -- even if each viewer's profile remains
hidden inside the set-top box.

* Knight Ridder/Tribune

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              402 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 31, 1990, Saturday, Final Edition

Maryland's Chief Assessor Resigns Amid Citizen Heat;
Statement Belittles Taxpayer 'Bill of Rights'

BYLINE: Richard Tapscott, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B5

LENGTH: 315 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS, March 30, 1990


Gene L. Burner, director of the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation
for 10 years, resigned abruptly today amid the clamor and protests over soaring
property tax assessments.

Burner, who had become a lightning rod for criticism from taxpayer groups and
members of the General Assembly, said in a three-page statement that he was
resigning for personal reasons to pursue "new interests and perhaps a less
taxing career."

Calls for Burner's resignation reached an apex after the circulation of a
memorandum in which he said a proposed taxpayer bill of rights "really stinks,"
but added: "Just try to kill a bill like that in an election year."

Two weeks ago, when Gov. William Donald Schaefer met with a Baltimore County
group called Property Taxpayers United, signs calling for Burner's ouster were
displayed prominently. Schaefer called some of Burner's statements in the
internal memo "stupid" and promised to consider suggestions that Burner be
removed.

A spokesman for the governor said today that Schaefer had not asked for Burner's
resignation.

Burner's departure came, coincidentally, on the same day that Schaefer signed
into law a measure revamping property tax calculations in Maryland. The new law
limits annual assessment increases to 10 percent and institutes the so-called
taxpayer bill of rights, a feature that will require that more detailed
information be given to property owners about their taxes and assessments.

Burner, who was appointed by Gov. Harry Hughes, was reported to have left town
this afternoon and was unavailable to discuss his resignation. In his written
statement, he said property owners should not look on changing the assessment
process as a way to lower taxes.

"Getting 'mad as hell' may be a temporary relief for the frustration," Burner
said, "but it will not resolve problems. It will not lead to meaningful
solutions."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              403 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                            January 7, 1995 Saturday

A SUSPICIOUS MIND

BYLINE: HUTCHINS C

LENGTH: 2992 words


ELVIS PRESLEY met The Beatles only once. No pictures were taken, and afterwards
both camps put out press statements saying how much of an honour it had been.But
those statements were lies. The evening, at Elvis's West Coast home, was a
disasterQwith John Lennon deliberately trying to belittle the man who was known
as the King.The result was to be one of the most savage feuds in showbusiness
history. Today, for the first time, the man who set up that meeting tells the
real truth about what happened that night ...A SAVAGE electrical storm was
raging across the Nevada desert the night the stretch limousine took Tom Jones
and myself through the streets of Las Vegas from Caesars Palace to the Hilton
Hotel to meet Elvis Presley. It was February, 1973.When the car pulled up,
Elvis's lieutenant Joe Esposito, the leader of Elvis's so-called 'Memphis
Mafia', was waiting to conduct our small group to the Imperial Suite on the 30th
floor. Elvis hadn't been expecting Tom to arrive in Las Vegas, but had been glad
to get my phone call, as Tom's PR consultant, saying that we were in town.Joe
told us: 'The Boss would really appreciate the company of an old buddy tonight
... But take it easy.He's got troubles.'When we asked what troubles, we were
told that Elvis had been unwinding after his second show when someone had
unwisely mentioned John Lennon.'Lennon?' Elvis had snapped angrily, instantly
flaring up. 'You oughta spell that L-e-n-i-n.'Only those privy to his deepest
thoughts knew at that time just how much Elvis hated the former Beatle or to
what lengths he had gone to try to destroy him.Even though The Beatles had now
broken up and were no longer the threat to Elvis that they had been in the
middle Sixties, he still could never forgive John Lennon.To Elvis, Lennon had
become a symbol of anti-American activism, a mocking, unwashed, long-haired hero
of a drug culture that was threatening the established order of
things.Ironically, of course, Elvis's judgment was distorted by his own drug
dependence. He had once told Tom Jones that 'I tried everything beforeLennon
even knew what a stimulant was', and by this time he had long since lost his
sense of reality.But Elvis's vendetta against Lennon was no new craze. He had
waged an unrelenting campaign against John ever since they had fallen out at
their one and only meeting back in the Sixties. I remembered that occasion
extremely well - because I was the man who had set it up.NOW, as Tom Jones and I
walked into Elvis's vast hotel suite with its sunken living room, we saw that
party guests, hand-picked because they were either decorative or useful in some
other way, were trying unsuccessfully to enliven proceedings. Rain pelted down
on the penthouse roof, but the wraparound view of the encircling mountains was
excluded by heavy drapes. Elvis was frightened of storms and the music was
turned up loud to drown out the pyrotechnics.We were received warmly enough,
although a curtain of Welsh gloom descended on Tom Jones the moment he gauged
Elvis's mood. Tom sat down and ran his fingers through his black hair. He hated
to see his friend in emotional pain. The reason was known to anyone with the
ability to read or switch on a TV set.The King's life had been torn apart when
Priscilla, his wife of five years, had told him she was leaving him for her new
lover Mike Stone. There was to be no trial separation, no second chance. She had
finally come to the conclusion that Elvis's addiction to drugs, prescribed and
otherwise, had not only made him unwell but also extremely dangerous.Priscilla
had flown to Las Vegas in February 1972 to give Elvis the bad news. His reaction
confirmed her worst fears. For years their marriage had been virtually sexless,
yet he had forced her down on his bed and made angry love to her. Priscilla had
fled back to Los Angeles, packed her bags and moved out of their Beverly Hills
home, taking their daughter Lisa Marie with her. For the past 12 months, Elvis
had been alternately suicidal and homicidal.'Are you still trying to get her
back?' asked Tom, settling into a glass of Dom Perignon. 'Do you still talk to
her?''Every night, Tom. I call her every night. She just keeps on saying it's
all over. The divorce is going ahead. This has been one helluva time.'Elvis's
calls to Priscilla had been anything but conciliatory. One night he had
threatened to come for Mike Stone with an M-16 rifle, put him up against a wall
and execute him. In deep distress, Elvis had stormed around the penthouse with
the rifle. He had had to be sedated before someone got seriously hurt.The way
Elvis told it, however, he was the wronged party. Although his own extramarital
romps with young girls were an open secret in showbusiness circles, the thing
that stuck in his craw was that Priscilla had dared to be unfaithful to him.
Elvis felt shamed and betrayed. Even worse, her lover was Mike Stone, the karate
instructor Elvis and I had in common - a man with the physique of a Hawaiian
Hercules. Her infidelity with him of all men threatened not only Elvis's public
image but also his manhood.Tom Jones identified strongly with Elvis's sense
ofThe irony was that, until Priscilla's defection, things had been going
promisingly from Elvis's point of view.In January 1972, J. Edgar Hoover, the FBI
director for whom Elvis worked as an undercover agent spying on 'subversive'
entertainers, had succeeded in having a deportation order served on John Lennon
and his second wife, Yoko Ono. Hoover, like Elvis, reasoned that the best way to
deal with John's radical cheek was to deny him direct access to its protagonists
in America.'Kick him out and keep him out,' was how Elvis put it.But John and
Yoko had appealed against the order, and, supported by artists, writers, actors
and film-makers as well as high-powered attorneys, they were pressing to be
granted permanent residence status.'I think this has something to do with Yoko
and me being so outspoken over the Vietnam War,' said John with typical
understatement. 'We love it here. Like Mr Nixon in his broadcast on Vietnam, all
we are saying is give peace a chance.'JUST as the battle had reached the courts,
Hoover, the man whom Elvis misguidedly called 'the greatest living American',
had died of a massive heart attack. With the chief motivator of the Lennon
witch-hunt permanently off the scene, the FBI had started to lose
interest.Moreover, the expense of spying on the Lennons, tapping their phones
and keeping track of their eccentric movements 24 hours a day was simply too
high to justify. Elvis had lost his greatest ally, ironically a man who had
detested Elvis as much as he had despised John.If he couldn't have Priscilla
back, Elvis wanted two things more than anything else in life: he wanted Mike
Stone out of the way, and he wanted John Lennon barred from the United States.
As the rain drummed down on the Imperial Suite beneath the giant red Hilton
insignia on the roof, both objectives seemed to be slipping beyond his reach.At
this point, Elvis turned his attention to me. 'Chris,' he said, 'it was you who
brought The Beatles to my house, wasn't it? What an asshole John Lennon turned
out to be.'My mind flashed back to August 27, 1965. It was a Friday night and
the bar of the Beverly Hillcrest Hotel in Los Angeles was crowded with
newshounds following The Beatles' tour of the States, all of them desperate for
a good story. It was already early Saturday morning in London and the British
Sunday papers were screaming for a front page Beatles exclusive.The arrangements
for that night were immensely complicated and had taken me months to bring to
fruition.I had first met The Beatles in their Hamburg days in 1962 when I was a
reporter for the New Musical Express, and I had shared many of their adventures
after Beatlemania broke out in the States in 1964. I had also been an Elvis fan
since boyhood and I met his powerful manager, the legendary Colonel Tom Parker,
in Los Angeles in 1964, and then Elvis himself at the Paramount studios in 1965.
I had tried to persuade Elvis to meet The Beatles, pointing out the advantages
to both camps. But Elvis had been reluctant, though I did manage to arrange a
telephone conversation between Elvis and Paul McCartney in September 1964.Now I
had the scoop of my life. I was to be the only journalist present when Elvis
entertained The Beatles at his West Coast home in Bel Air.First Colonel Parker
and I had to meet Brian Epstein at Los Angeles airport. We did, and then the
Colonel's station wagon drove on to the San Diego Freeway heading north.'Is
everything set your end?' the Colonel asked Brian.'Well, it was when I left New
York,' The Beatles' manager replied tetchily.'Just checkin,' said the Colonel,
enjoying himself. Through the windscreen, a street sign read Sunset Blvd.'We
change cars here,' commanded the Colonel. Everyone piled into a white limousine
parked beside the kerb.When we reached Benedict Canyon, we switched cars again,
this time into a black limousine with one of Elvis's 'Memphis Mafia' at the
wheel.'Sure you weren't followed?' asked the Colonel.'Not unless they're hiding
in the trunk,' the driver answered sourly.'Go check,' remonstrated the Colonel.
'We can't be too careful.'The limousine swept past a group of inquisitive fans
standing at the five-bar gate outside No 2850 where The Beatles were staying and
into the privacy of the driveway. The Beatles emerged with their henchmen Neil
Aspinall and Mal Evans and piled into the back of another black limousine driven
by Alf Bicknell, the British chauffeur who had accompanied them to America.
Thoroughly enjoying the intrigue, the Colonel shouted like a wagon master: 'Roll
em'The two cars pulled level with the fans camped outside the front gates. There
were squeals and screams. Police motorcycle riders pulled into the road behind
us, to prevent anyone following. Halfway down Benedict, we veered off to the
right and joined Sunset Boulevard near the stone archway into Bel Air. Police
cars blocked the roadway, holding up traffic. Red lights flashed and the crackle
of police radios sounded in the night.Then the road started to curve and rise
steeply. This journey, I thought, had really been uphill all the way.AT TEN
O'CLOCK that night, I finally entered the doorway of 565 Perugia Way. Elvis and
his then girlfriend Priscilla were sitting in the centre of the horseshoe couch
in the denQthe King and his secret bride-to-be cosily at home. Priscilla was
pure Hollywood starlet: her black bouffant towered above her forehead and she
was heavily made up with thick black mascara, midnight-blue eyeliner, red
blusher and Heartbreak Pink lipstick. She was wearing a figure-hugging, sequined
mini-dress, black seamed stockings and black high heels.Elvis's Praetorian
Guard, most of whom I knew by sight, hovered around the King, casually dressed
in slacks, open-necked shirts and sports jackets. The circular games room,
bathed in red and blue light, contained their wives, girlfriends and
children.Priscilla went and joined them. The sounds of a hit tune, neither
Elvis's nor The Beatles', thundered from the jukebox.Elvis rose to greet his
guests, sun-tanned and outwardly relaxed. But right from the beginning, I could
see that John Lennon was going to prove difficult. Peering round the room like
Peter Sellers and putting on an Inspector Clouseau accent to address his
reluctant host, John said: 'Oh, zere you are'Shooting a quizzical look in
Priscilla's direction, Elvis sat down with John and Paul on his right and Ringo
and George on his left. There was a sudden silence as the record came to an end.
No one spoke. The silence became uncomfortable, and then embarrassing. Everyone
looked at Elvis. His nightmare was coming true. Nervously, he picked up the
remote control and started changing channels on the big colour TV set.Throwing
the device on to the coffee table, he said: 'If you guys are just gonna sit
there and stare at me, I'm goin' to bed. Let's call it a night, right, Cilla?I
didn't mean for this to be like the subjects calling on the King. I just thought
we'd sit and talk about music and maybe jam a little.''That would be great,'
enthused Paul, trying to salvage the situation.'Somebody bring in the guitars,'
ordered Elvis.Electric guitars were produced and plugged into amplifiers
scattered around the room, and a white piano was pushed into view. Elvis picked
up the bass guitar he had started to learn to play. John and George began tuning
up rhythm guitars while Paul sat down at the piano.'Sorry there's no drumkit for
you,' Elvis told Ringo. 'We left that back in Memphis.''That's OK,' Ringo
replied. 'I'd rather play pool.'Elvis played a few notes and addressed himself
to Paul: 'Still not too good .J.J. but I'm practising.'Paul gave him the benefit
of some instruction while John played some chords on the guitar he'd picked
up.'Elvis, lad, you're coming along quite well. Keep up the rehearsals and me
and Mr Epstein will make you a star,' Paul jibed.Priscilla walked into view and
I saw John watch her shapely legs glide across the carpet. In a corner of the
games room, the Colonel and Joe Esposito had set up a roulette table. 'Ladeez
and gentlemen,' the Colonel bawled in his best showman's voice, 'the casino is
open for business.'Brian Epstein hurried across the room to join them. Aspinall
and Evans and the members of the Memphis Mafia had moved to the cocktail bar for
drinks and tough-guy talk. I was poised near the fireplace between them and the
guitar players on the couch. I inspected a model covered wagon, lit from the
inside to illuminate the words 'All the way with LBJ' on top.Priscilla walked
over, smiling. 'You've made a big hit,' I told her. 'I can see John likes
you.''That's his first mistake. Elvis is very jealous.''Of you or John?' I
asked, only half in jest.Luckily, she was not required to answer: Sergeant
Presley's Lonesome Heartbreak Band was ready to play.In front of a privileged
audience of just two dozen people, a billion dollars' worth of talent was lined
up to give its one and only performance.'What's it gonna be?' asked Elvis.'Let's
do one by the other CillaQCilla Black,' said Paul, leading into You're My
World.'This beats talking, doesn't it?' said John. He could never resist making
some barbed comment just when things were going well.The Bel Air All-Stars
proved to be pretty good, slipping easily and freely into their individual
roles. Elvis's voice rose, richer, deeper and more powerful than the others, his
left leg pumping up and down in time to the beat. You could feel the magic and
he did it so naturally. Paul, on the piano, joined Elvis in some vocal duets,
George worked in some of his neat little riffs and John, even if he were just
going through the motions, didn't let the side down. I started to relax a bit
and enjoy the piece of music history being enacted before me.Simultaneously, the
roulette game proceeded and Ringo shot pool surrounded by six excited children
while the wives and girlfriends watched the jam session with rapt expressions.
Each time there was a lull, I slipped off to the bathroom to scribble notes
about the meeting.Even though the Colonel had forbidden me to make any, I'm sure
he knew what I was up to.Elvis was getting into the spirit of the evening. He
laughed as he led them on bass guitar into the Beatles' song I Feel Fine.'This
is what you guys gave me for my 30th birthday,' he said. 'It made me sick.''Why
have you dropped the old stuff? The rock?' asked John, for once with feeling. 'I
loved the old Sun label records.'Elvis squirmed in his seat. This was one line
of questioning he had dreaded.'Listen, just because I'm stuck with some movie
soundtracks doesn't mean I can't do rock n' roll no more,' he said testily. 'I
might just get around to cuttin' a few sides and knockin' you off the top.'John
reverted to his Clouseau accent: 'Zis is ze way it should be I Ze small homely
gathering wiz a few friends and a leetle muzic.'He walked over to join me near
the fireplace, and it was at this moment that he saw the covered wagon. More
particularly, he read the slogan 'ALL THE WAY WITH LBJ', emblazoned across it
like some gung-ho graffito scrawled outside a redneck bar. John frowned.John
Lennon regardedLyndon Baines Johnson, the President of the United States, as a
warmonger responsible for the slaughter of innocent civilians in what he
regarded as a civil war.John's mood could change in an instant, and that is
exactly what happened at Elvis's party that night. Though I admired John
immensely, I knew what a smart alec he could be. And I knew that he was clever
enough not to attack Elvis on his support for the Vietnam War directly; it could
only lead to a political argument in which he would be hopelessly outnumbered by
the Americans present. Instead his style was to make his victim look foolish in
front of their friends. Sure enough, John got his chance when he heard Elvis
say: "I'm making movies at a million bucks a time and one of 'em - I won't say
which one - took only 15 days to complete." "Well, we've got an hour to spare
now," said the Beatle with the shark-infested mouth. "Let's make an epic
together."Elvis looked stunned, but held his tongue. I think Elvis knew that
Lennon wasn't just putting his movies down, but belittling his standing as an
international figure generally, saying in effect, 'Here we have a major and
immoral war - and what is Elvis doing? Making throwaway movies. He's sold
out.'Dangerous feuds are made from such slights. In hindsight, I believe that
Elvis's hatred of Lennon began with that putdown of John's. Beforehand any
dispute between Elvis and the Beatles had been professional - about record
sales, box office appeal, newsworthiness.Afterwards, it became a highly personal
conflict - a standoff between Elvis, the staunch American patriot and John, the
anti-war protester.MONDAY in Summer Times: The feud deepens.END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UNDERCOVER AGENT ELVIS PRESLEY WITH RICHARD NIXON. ELVIS PRESLEY
(COLOR). JOHN LENNON (COLOR).FRONT COVER: COLOR PHOTO OF ELVIS WITH THE BEATLES.

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              404 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            November 23, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Lightning struck twice by mistakes

BYLINE: Bud Barth

SECTION: SPORTS; BUD BARTH'S NHL NOTES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1439 words


Unfortunately, a hockey coach isn't like wine, where one sip is enough to tell
you that the whole bottle reeks.

But don't try telling that to the Tampa Bay Lightning, who have fired coach
Barry Melrose already - and we've barely popped the cork on the NHL season.

As far as the Lightning are concerned, 2008-09 wasn't a very good year... for
Melrose anyway. How they could draw that conclusion based on a 16-game sample is
hard to fathom, but they did, and now they're in danger of becoming the
laughingstocks of the NHL - partly because of their quick trigger, and partly
because the man they chose to replace Melrose, former Bruin Rick Tocchet, is a
convicted gambler on federal probation.

To paraphrase St. Petersburg Times columnist Gary Shelton's reaction: The team
either screwed up in June by hiring the longtime player and ESPN analyst, or by
sacking him after viewing only a snapshot of his work.

The hiring, it seems, was even a bigger blunder than the firing.

Melrose, who had been out of coaching for 13 years, did little to help his
cause. He questioned his team's character after just two games - a pair of
season-opening 2-1 losses to the potent New York Rangers in Prague.

As a TV analyst, that's fine. But to belittle your team's mental strength after
two games a continent away, that's just asinine.

Melrose also walked out and left the Lightning to practice on their own the day
before a game after reading them the riot act - an incident that general manager
Brian Lawton insists wasn't a factor in Melrose's dismissal, although it
occurred just hours before the coach's head rolled.

"Players need to take notice," Lawton said. "They need to respond."

After canning Melrose, the Lightning's new owners, Oren Koules and Len Barrie,
had the unenviable distinction of having fired almost as many coaches (two) as
they had wins (five). That the first coach they dumped was John Tortorella, who
led the Lightning to a Stanley Cup title in 2004 and was a popular man in Tampa,
wasn't exactly a feather in their caps.

Tortorella, by the way, was one of the toughest and most demanding coaches
around, which deflates Melrose's claim that he was fired because he was too hard
on coddled superstars like Vincent Lecavalier and Martin St. Louis, who
prospered under Tortorella.

"I think the players didn't want to play for me - you don't have to be Kreskin
to figure that out," Melrose told the CBC in Canada. "Lots of guys didn't want
to be held accountable. The players have power here, and they exercised their
power."

What it all came down to, Melrose said, wasn't wins and losses (Tampa Bay had a
5-7-4 record under him). It was that the Lightning simply couldn't score goals.
They were last in the NHL in offense, and a respectable 12th in defense.

"At least I did it my way," added Melrose, who coached the Los Angeles Kings
from 1992-95 and took them, along with Wayne Gretzky, to the Stanley Cup finals
in his first season. "I'm leaving here with my head held high. I didn't kowtow
to anybody, and I didn't sell my soul to the devil. I did everything the way I
think it should be done. It didn't work. I'm fine with that. I can live with
myself."

The Chicago Blackhawks, it should be noted, fired coach Denis Savard after just
four games this season, but at least Savard had coached the previous two years
and therefore had a track record to judge.

Even Savard didn't question his own firing, saying: "I knew I had to do well
this year. We talked this summer, and I was well aware of that."

Back to the future...

Good luck to the Montreal Canadiens, who had better win it all this year because
the future doesn't look real bright.

The Habs have 10 players who will become unrestricted free agents this summer
unless they're signed to extensions before then, and they include some of the
biggest names on the team.

The forwards are Alex Tanguay, Saku Koivu, Alexei Kovalev and Robert Lang, who
are four of Montreal's top five scorers this season, plus Tom Kostopoulos and
Steve Begin. The defensemen include Francis Bouillon, Patrice Brisebois, Mathieu
Dandenault and Mike Komisarek.

Those players are earning $27.1 million this season, but you can count on that
figure doubling to $54 million. The Canadiens already have $21 million committed
to salaries for the 2009-10 season. Add those two figures and you get about $75
million, and the salary cap for next season - based on its previous year-to-year
jumps - probably will be set at around $62 million.

Which means general manager Bob Gainey either has some creative bookkeeping, or
some slick horse trading, or both in his future to maintain Les Habitants'
viability as a Stanley Cup contender. Montreal also has four players who will be
restricted free agents, including center Chris Higgins.

In an effort to get the team going, Gainey met on Thursday with free agent Mats
Sundin. Gainey probably would have to unload some salary to sign Sundin since
the Canadiens are only $2 million under the cap, but Sundin would be only a
one-year measure.

Have bracelets, will travel...

Here's one for the books: Vancouver Canucks general manager Mike Gillis hired a
military sleep expert and had his players wear biorhythm bracelets during a
10-day, six-game road trip early in the season to gauge their sleeping habits.

Because of Vancouver's location, the Canucks have one of the most grueling
travel schedules in the NHL. The team hopes to find out which players sleep on
planes, which ones sleep after games and for how long, and how often they wake
up.

The Canucks have instituted some other inventive tools, such as a
dietician-designed menu for players, including organic foods, at General Motors
Place, the team's home arena, and on Air Canada, the club's charter airline,
plus a new players' lounge at GM Place.

"We're trying to figure out any way we can be better," Gillis said. "The
motivator is to try and have the best environment we can have for our players."

Is it working? As of yesterday, the Canucks were leading the Northwest Division
with a 13-6-2 record, including 7-4-1 on the road. Of course, having players
like Henrik and Daniel Sedin, plus Roberto Luongo in goal, doesn't hurt either.

It's what's up front...

The Bruins' domination of Florida on Friday wasn't apparent in the score, 4-2,
or their edge in shots, 39-32, but a closer look tells the story. Of Boston's 39
shots, 34 were by the forwards, including at least a dozen good scoring chances.
The Panthers' defensemen took 16 of their 32 shots, most of them of the harmless
perimeter variety. ... It's been a while since anyone used the word "great" to
describe the Bruins, and of course everything is relative, but Florida coach
Peter DeBoer had this to say after Friday's game: "They're a great team and you
can see why. They exploit your weaknesses. If you make a mistake, it's in the
net. They've got it all going together in the right direction now." ... The B's
current hot streak includes seven straight home victories, their longest such
streak at the TD Banknorth Garden/FleetCenter in six years. They won eight in a
row in November 2002. ... NHL Players Association chief Paul Kelly has been
touring the league and meeting with players, and he said recently that it looks
like the union will exercise its option to terminate the existing collective
bargaining agreement with owners at the end of the season. That decision, and
announcement, should come around Jan. 1. What does it mean? Quite likely another
work stoppage and another black eye for the NHL. The players have things awfully
good right now, and the owners have costs under control with the salary cap, so
the point of all this seems useless. As one veteran agent told The Boston Globe:
"The players would be nuts to drop the deal." ...

The Bruins will unveil their Reebok third jersey at 8 a.m. tomorrow on
www.bostonbruins.com. The team will wear the jersey for 16 games this season,
starting with Friday's noon start against the Islanders at the Garden. ...
There's a chance the Bruins will help the NHL open the 2009-10 regular season
overseas. Four teams kicked off this season in Stockholm and Prague, and eight
teams might be involved in the overseas start next year. If the Bruins stay hot,
that only increases their chances.

Perfect November...

Including last night's win in Montreal, Boston hasn't lost a game in regulation
in November:

Date Visitor Home Score

Nov. 1 Stars Bruins 1-5

Nov. 6 Maple Leafs Bruins 2-5

Nov. 8 Sabres Bruins 1-3

Nov. 12 Bruins Blackhawks 2-1

Nov. 13 Canadiens Bruins 1-6

Nov. 15 Bruins Rangers *2-3

Nov. 17 Bruins Maple Leafs 3-2

Nov. 19 Sabres Bruins 4-7

Nov. 21 Panthers Bruins 2-4

Nov. 22 Bruins Canadiens *3-2

*Shootout

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          November 15, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Incident smacks of same old Knight

BYLINE: Jon Saraceno

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 776 words


News flash: The General gets physical again.

The real slap in the face is that Texas Tech is supposed to encourage and
promote the ideals of higher education through intercollegiate athletics, but
lowers itself by permitting a basketball coach to belittle himself, his players
and his employer. Then again, I'm not trapped in the unenviable position of
being a university president trying to choose between raising enrollment,
revenues and visibility, or retaining dignity and self-respect.

Bob Knight will not be disciplined by the administration for striking a player
Monday, which hardly is shocking but nonetheless a shame. The school said the
coach "quickly lifted" the chin of the Red Raiders' Mike Prince. I saw an angry
coach pop a player in the face.

On the verge of smashing Dean Smith's record for victories, Knight's
self-control again broke down. He said he'd do it all over again and, trust us,
we believe him. The coach euphemistically calls it confidence-building.
Whatever. Knight, 66, is worth more to the Lubbock school because he generates
vast sums of publicity and money, even if he is a serial abuser of athletes.

Tuesday, the co-conspirators closed ranks for their leader -- athletics
director, student-athlete, parents -- and collectively issued a  "no-harm,
no-foul'' edict. Knight's latest primal coaching scream mostly reveals his own
unresolved frustrations and insecurities.

Prince defended his coach, telling The Lubbock Avalanche-Journal that it was
"nothing." The player added that Knight "was trying to teach me and I had my
head down, so he raised my chin up."

Uh, thanks for the lesson.

It's not surprising Prince would have that sort of public reaction. He is
embarrassed and intimidated. He wants to keep playing. He wants to please his
parents, who likewise professed not to be disturbed. They want to see their son
play, too, and for the Great Bob Knight.

After all, they sent their son to the man. They knew what they were getting.
Anything else is an indictment of self.

"You don't send your kid to the Green Berets if you don't want intensive
training," former Georgetown coach John Thompson said on his Washington, D.C.,
radio show.

I remember once discussing Knight's combustible nature with John Wooden. "He's a
good coach," he told me, "but I wouldn't want anyone dear to me to play for
him."

You might consider what Knight did to be a tough-love tap, but watch the video.
Prince sits on the bench trying to work his jaw.

There is no reason, no justification, for a coach at anytime to put his or her
hands on a player in that manner, except in self-defense. Losing self-control is
no way to obtain respect. It's a cheap, easy form of intimidation that may, or
may not, work in the short term but inevitably erodes the bond of trust between
player and coach. Knight is a lousy role model for young coaches.

Certainly, there are times when coaches need to get in their players' faces --
literally. Years ago, I remember watching Charley Pell, the late University of
Florida football coach, reach up to a gargantuan offensive lineman, grab his
face mask and pull it down to his level so he could instruct him about
safeguarding the quarterback "like you were protecting your own cookies."

But Knight's offenses over the years -- including choking a player in practice
-- are beyond the pale.

ESPN's Fran Fraschilla defended Knight's actions, which I find really
interesting because he was the reporter the coach verbally abused on camera
almost three years ago.

Like many who protect Knight, his apologists use the same tired rationalizations
we've heard for years: He wanted to get his player's attention ... he was making
a point ... it's part of the game ... he coaches with passion . . . he's
unfairly singled out . . . blah, blah, blah.

"That's what we call coaching," Fraschilla said. "That's what we used to call
coaching. That's what we used to call teaching."

Not me. Knight fancies himself an educator, but I think men such as Wooden,
Smith and Pete Carril were pretty fair teachers who didn't resort to
physical-intimidation tactics.

A coach can make a point without popping a player in the puss. It happens in
arenas every night all across America. If a player looks away, a quick, subtle
tug of the jersey with the admonishment, "Look at me right now, otherwise your
butt is the bench the rest of the night."

In Knight's case, it's a bigger deal because of his reputation. It is well
earned, good and bad. Any other man would've used up his nine coaching lives,
but not The General. As long as he continues to win, there will be a place for
him on a campus somewhere in America.

E-mail Jon Saraceno at jons@usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 26, 2001 Monday

Paris bats its lashes at IOC;
French quick to belittle other contenders;
in bid to win race for 2008 Olympics

BYLINE: ALAN FREEMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 920 words

DATELINE: PARIS


Beach volleyball beneath the Eiffel Tower. The marathon along the Champs
Élysées. Equestrian events at Les Invalides.

When it comes to venues for the 2008 Summer Olympics, a large tract of disused
industrial land along the Toronto waterfront doesn't seem much competition.

But with Beijing still the favourite and Toronto seen as "le outsider," Paris is
taking nothing for granted in the stakes race to nab the Games.

The newly minted mayor of Paris, Bertrand Delanoe, raced out to Charles de
Gaulle Airport yesterday, just hours after being sworn in to office, to greet
the International Olympic Committee's evaluation team, which is touring the five
cities competing for the 2008 Games.

Accompanied by France's top Olympic leaders, Mr. Delanoe waxed lyrical about
Paris as the locale for the Games.

"Paris is a seductress; Paris is a city of dreams," he said.

"We live with our values of liberty, of human rights, of cultural diversity," he
added, in a not-so-subtle jab at Beijing's candidacy, which has been attacked by
those who accuse Chinese authorities of trampling basic liberties.
   The 17-member evaluation committee's visit to Paris is the last of the
inspection tours to the five candidate cities. Besides Paris, the contenders are
Beijing, Toronto, Osaka and Istanbul. A final decision will be made by the IOC
in Moscow in July.

During its four-day stay here, the committee will be shown proposed venues
across Paris, from the Bois de Boulogne to the Grand Palais, where fencing would
be staged.

Both French President Jacques Chirac and Prime Minister Lionel Jospin, who have
pledged French government backing for the bid, will play host to committee
members.

Osaka and Istanbul are considered long shots, so the race is believed to be down
to Beijing, Paris and Toronto. But many French citizens have trouble taking the
Canadian bid seriously.

Some chuckling could be heard as officials representing the Paris bid talked
about the evaluation committee's unfortunate experience of being trapped in a
Toronto elevator during a visit there at the beginning of the month.

"It will be a two-way race between the two P's, Paris and Peking," one official
close to the bid said, completely ignoring Toronto.

"If Paris is beaten by Beijing, there will be disappointment," Jean-Philippe
Leclaire, a journalist for L'Équipe, the French sports daily, said. "But if
Paris is beaten by Toronto, it would be a serious defeat."

"In France, we know about Montreal. It's almost as important as New York and Los
Angeles," Mr. Leclaire added. "But Toronto, people talk about it a lot less."

A Paris 2008 insider complained that Canada is greedy, pushing on several
Olympic fronts at once, including Canadian Richard Pound's bid to succeed Juan
Antonio Samaranch as IOC president at the July meeting.

"The Canadians want everything. They want the presidency of the IOC. They want
the headquarters of the World Anti-Doping Agency. They want the Summer Games in
2008, and Vancouver wants the Winter Olympics in 2010," said the insider, who
asked not to be named.

Yet among other French Olympians, one can sense concern that if Beijing doesn't
quickly emerge as the winner, Toronto may prove a strong contender for the
Games.

"It's a three-way race," Guy Drut, a former French sports minister and IOC
member, said. "I take the candidacy of Toronto very seriously."

Mr. Drut, who cannot vote under IOC rules as long as Paris remains a candidate,
said that despite Beijing's lead, he doesn't believe the Chinese capital will
win in the end because of concern about human-rights issues and Beijing's poor
environmental record.

He believes Paris presents a strong candidacy because of its experience holding
the 1998 soccer World Cup and the fact that 80 per cent of the installations are
already built, including the new 75,000-seat Stade de France.

Toronto, in contrast, still has to build almost all its facilities. "Toronto's
problem is that its candidacy is completely virtual," Mr. Drut said.

There's nothing virtual about the Stade de France, the impressive stadium built
for the World Cup and linked to downtown Paris and the airport with a brand-new
regional rail station.

But IOC members will need lots of imagination to envisage the nearby Olympic
Village, designed to house 19,000 people and costing 4.1 billion French francs
(about $870-million). Right now, it's nothing but two billboards in the rundown
St-Denis district, an area of garbage-strewn empty lots, burned out industrial
buildings and substandard housing for immigrants from Africa.

At a butcher's shop a block from the newly installed billboard, the owner didn't
seem to know where the Olympic Village would go up. "Do you have an address?" he
wondered.

Yet Paris has a major handicap: the fact that the 2004 Summer Games will be held
in Athens. The IOC is believed to be allergic to the idea of holding consecutive
Games on the same continent.

If Toronto is taken seriously, it's also because some of the French see an
American conspiracy behind the Canadian bid. They argue that the U.S. television
networks would prefer Toronto because there would be none of the time-zone
delays that made TV ratings for the Sydney Games disappointing and that would be
a problem for Beijing and even Paris.

"We think that the American networks will put a lot of pressure" to choose
Toronto, Mr. Leclaire, the sports journalist, said. "It could be a way for the
Americans to get back the Games without actually holding them in their country."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 21, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

High-Ranking Cuban Officials Aided Cocaine Cartel, Noriega Trial Is Told;
Havana Denies Allegation, Belittles Convicted Drug Boss's Testimony

Michael Isikoff, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A40

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Nov. 20, 1991


Carlos Lehder, a convicted Colombian drug boss, testified today that high-level
Cuban government officials, including Defense Minister Raul Castro, aided
Medellin cartel efforts to smuggle cocaine into the United States in the 1980s.

In some of the most politically explosive testimony in the drug trafficking and
racketeering trial of former Panamanian leader Manuel Antonio Noriega, Lehder
testified that, during several visits to Cuba between 1981 and 1983, he twice
met Castro, the number two figure in the government and brother of President
Fidel Castro.

During the visits, Lehder said, he paid off unnamed Cuban officials and received
permission to fly cocaine in Cuban airspace, "if necessary."

U.S. officials have charged for years that Cuban government officials were
involved in the drug trade. Fidel Castro acknowledged as much two years ago when
four high-ranking military officers were executed after a trial in which they
were accused of conspiring with the Medellin cartel.

Lehder's testimony is the first to implicate Raul Castro directly and appeared
designed to bolster a hotly disputed aspect of the government's case against
Noriega -- that Fidel Castro helped to mediate a dispute between the cartel and
Noriega in Havana in July 1984.

Ariel Ricardo, press secretary for the Cuban interests section in Washington,
called Lehder's allegations "stupid."

"If I was Carlos Lehder and I received the same sweet deal from the prosecutors,
I would say practically anything," he said. "What kind of integrity does a
witness like this have for a jury?"

Lehder's appearance here has created considerable controversy, with critics
charging that prosecutors have undermined their case by presenting him as a
witness. A professed admirer of Adolf Hitler and founder of a neo-Nazi political
party in Colombia, Lehder was the cartel's transportation chief throughout the
1980s and pioneered a highly efficient air smuggling operation that U.S.
officials have said was largely responsible for creating the U.S. cocaine
epidemic.

Last summer, prosecutors negotiated an agreement with Lehder. He has been
transferred from the federal government's highest security prison at Marion,
Ill., and eight members of his family have been permitted to move to the United
States.

Prosecutors also agreed to tell Lehder's sentencing judge of his cooperation
with the government, but sources close to the case said that is unlikely to
bring Lehder's release in the foreseeable future. He is serving a prison
sentence of life plus 135 years.

"It's really quite astonishing," said Jack Blum, who studied Lehder's operations
as chief investigator for the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee on narcotics
and terrorism. "This is one of the main organizers of the cocaine trade into the
United States. Clearly, Noriega was below him. Why are we giving him anything?
Is this a propaganda trial?"

Prosecutors acknowledge that Lehder never met Noriega. Nevertheless, in his
second day of testimony, Lehder laid groundwork today for further aspects of the
government case. He said Noriega's 1984 dispute with the cartel arose when
Noriega "wanted a bigger piece of the pie" and demanded larger payoffs than had
been negotiated.

This led to a raid in May 1984 by his Panama Defense Forces on a cartel
laboratory in Panama, provoking the dispute that Castro allegedly mediated.

Lehder said he and other cartel leaders moved operations to Nicaragua and worked
with Manuel Pineiro, long a top aide to Fidel Castro and current head of the
Cuban Communist Party's Americas Department.

Lehder also identified Alfonso Lopez Michelsen, former president of Colombia and
current chairman of its governing Liberal Party, as the cartel's chief
government contact in Colombia. During the 1982 presidential campaign, Lehder
said, the cartel funneled more than $ 900,000 to Lopez Michelsen. Two years
later, Lehder added, the cartel ordered Justice Minister Rodrigo Lara Bonilla
killed, in part because he was about to reveal cartel connections with Lopez
Michelsen.

Lopez Michelsen said here tonight that Lehder's testimony was an "absolute lie."
"This has all been investigated in Colombia, and it has been proven as a lie. .
. . Do you think, if I was under such an accusation, I could be the head of the
main party in Colombia?" he asked.

Special correspondent Ricardo Castillo contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CARLOS LEHDER.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              408 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 24, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

Making sense of multiculturalism

BYLINE: Itabari Njeri

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 2119 words



In the early 1900s, Henry Ford ran his company's English Melting Pot School.
Graduation was a public spectacle in which the auto maker's foreign-born
employees, dressed in Old World costumes and carrying signs noting their
birthplace, marched into a large, kettle-shaped prop labeled "Melting Pot."
Moments later, they would emerge dressed in neat business suits and waving small
American flags.

    Blending in once was considered the ideal in America. But as the racial and
ethnic nature of the nation has changed, so has that ideal.

    Throughout the nation, multiculturalism the concept of looking at the world
through the eyes of more than one culture is the new end-of-the-millennium
buzzword.

    "The contemporary ideal is not assimilation but ethnicity," said historian
Arthur Schlesinger Jr. in the Wall Street Journal last year.  "We used to say "e
pluribus unum.' Now we glorify "pluribus' and belittle "unum.' '

      The "spirit of multiculturalism" is not separatist, said sociologist
Margaret L. Andersen. "It is to enable people to see in plural ways, so that
they are not seeing through the lens of any single culture, but understanding
the relationships of cultures to each other."

    Questions over how we define ourselves are triggered by population shifts
that will lead us to what demographers say will be the new majority in
21st-century America: people of color.

    A Time magazine article last year proclaimed: "By 2056, when someone born
today will be 66 years old, the "average' U.S. resident will trace his or her
descent to Africa, Asia, the Hispanic world, the Pacific Islands, Arabia almost
anywhere but white Europe."

    We already have seen this demographic future in Los Angeles, where 90
foreign languages are spoken in the public schools. No one, however, seems
exactly sure how to define it. Interpretations of multiculturalism versus a
melting-pot society are contentious and contradictory, especially among scholars
on college campuses, where the politically correct term generally is cultural
pluralism.

    "Multiculturalism? I don't use it in the sense it's used today," said a
leery Shelby Steele, author of a widely touted book about race in America, The
Content of Our Character. "I think it's used today as a power term.

    "Behind it, you usually have people lined up demanding things: separate
black studies, Asian studies, women's studies. They are usually making demands
on the system and the focus is on whatever their power needs are, rather than
any exposition of the culture," said Steele, an English professor at San Jose
State University.

    Andersen, the associate provost for instruction at the University of
Delaware in Newark, is among those urging the new multicultural century to "come
on down." Multicultural studies "have encouraged us to look at traditionally
excluded cultures and study them on their own terms rather than seeing them
through the eyes of the dominant class."

    What must yield, said literary critic and historian Henry Louis Gates, is
the "antebellum aesthetic position, where men were men, and men were white, when
scholar-critics were white men, and when women and persons of color were
voiceless, faceless servants and laborers, pouring tea and filling brandy
snifters in the boardrooms of old boys' clubs."

    The melting pot has its defenders.

    "I subscribe to the notion of the melting pot," said Karen Klein, a
professor of English literature at Brandeis University and the director of a
Ford Foundation-funded project to diversify the university's curriculum. It is
one of 19 such projects nationwide funded by the foundation.

    "There is a certain homogenous culture in the U.S. that is best exemplified
by something like motels" the notion that if you've seen one Howard Johnson,
you've seen them all. "But the melting pot concept has never meant that we give
up our sense of pluralistic identity," she said.

    But isn't that exactly what the concept represents?

    "Yes," she said, "but I am trying to redefine it."

    Pot salvagers seek to minimize what Harvard University Professor Werner
Sollors acknowledged is "sinister dominance." But there is a flip side to the
smelting notion, said Sollors, an expert on Afro-American literature and ethnic
images in American literature as well as the author of Beyond Ethnicity which
provided the Ford Motor Co. Melting Pot School anecdote.

    "What I like about the melting pot better than those other terms is the
process that is implicit in it" a culture constantly in change:

    "Japanese technology is sold by Hasidic Jews on 47th Street to imaginative
artists who . . . living in Harlem or Brooklyn use this technology to create
rap," which becomes a national music that is exported.
 New blood, new ideas


   So far, most of the national debate about multiculturalism has occurred on
college campuses. Among the questions being raised:

    How will the race or ethnicity of the new majority influence the fundamental
character of American society?

    Who will hold political, social as well as cultural power in an ethnically
transformed America?

    Do we need a new social lexicon to define the changed and changing social
landscape?

    What does California's growing multiracial population, and its demands for
official recognition on the U.S. Census, suggest about the nature of ethnic and
racial identity in America?

    What will be the nature of relations among people of color, the emerging
majority?

    What are the hopes and fears of the Anglo population in this changing
environment?

    These questions are new, but the fundamental issues have been central to
American life for more than 200 years. Independence, freedom, conformity,
success, community, optimism, cynicism, idealism, materialism, technology,
nature and work have been the pivotal issues in the nation's cultural dialogue.
So conclude Stanford University's George Spindler and his wife, Louise, in their
book, The American Cultural Dialogue and Its Transmission.

    "The balancing of assimilation and preservation of identity is constant and
full of conflict," they write.

    Those arguing against pluralism have to recognize the need to expand
America's political, economic and social base with new blood, new ideas, new
cultural styles.

    However, no nation can survive if it is truly pluralistic.

    "Large groups of people with really separate identities and languages . . .
wouldn't be a nation," Spindler said. "The fact that the Soviet Union is
breaking up right now is a case in point.

    "I have real questions as to whether we are going to survive as a society,
because it is not just a matter of ethnic combat. It is combat between
pro-lifers and pro-choicers, between environmentalists and exploiters and
developers and so on. There isn't an area of American life where there isn't a
polarized opposition."

    That's why the term multiculturalism does not accurately describe the
complex dynamics of current American society, sociologist Andersen said.
Multiculturalism is really about "culture and the intersection of culture with
social power." But the term multiculturalism obscures the issue of power, she
said.

    Power implies access to economic, political and social resources, Andersen
said. "By social resources I mean how people are perceived, how they are valued,
what significance their culture is seen as having."

    In trying to get a better understanding of what multiculturalism means and
how the term evolved, Linda Wong, executive director of California Tomorrow, a
research and advocacy organization, said she looked at affirmative action,
diversity and cultural pluralism by turning to the civil rights movement.

    "Clearly, that was the most coherent social movement to bring issues of
race, ethnicity and cultural pluralism to the forefront of American life," she
said. Laws were enacted "requiring equal opportunity and equal access for
disenfranchised peoples in terms of gender, race, ethnicity, age and religion.

    "We (tried to) eliminate differences based on gender, race or ethnicity,"
said Wong, a former practicing attorney. The philosophy then was
"colorblindness."

    But did colorblindness lead to equal opportunity, equal access? It seldom
did, she said. Consequently, affirmative-action policies were developed and
goals and timetables were created.

    "And what we found," said Wong even in cases where benchmarks were reached
"was that we could not keep the women, we could not keep the blacks or the
Latinos hired under those affirmative-action programs."

    Why? Because whether it was in the private or public sector "they had to
accommodate themselves to a dominant culture" Euro-Americans in general and
Anglo, middle-class males in particular "with its own set of values and conduct
deemed to be acceptable for success."

    Women, blacks, Latinos and Asians couldn't accommodate themselves to this
environment and found they were hitting the proverbial glass ceiling.

    "Many times, they found that their values, their conduct, their behavior was
misinterpreted by those belonging to the dominant culture in those
organizational settings. So they left (the organization)," she said.

    Increasingly, "as we move into this third generation of understanding,
people prefer to use the term "diversity,' " Wong said. It doesn't automatically
conjure associations with affirmative action, she pointed out.

     And it seems less loaded than multiculturalism, which in 1990 buzzed 638
times through the pages of the Los Angeles Times, the New York Times, the
Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal.
 Confronting the myths


   Whichever words one chooses, "people are just coming to grips" with what they
mean, Wong said. Many corporations are training managers to work with different
styles of communication and approaches to problem-solving. "This kind of
diversity unleashes the creative, entrepreneurial potential that lies in
gender-, culture- or socially-based differences," Wong said.

    While corporations and schools in California have begun to embrace this
concept of diversity, "it has not taken hold in other public institutions," said
Wong, who says it will take more than moral persuasion to make it work.

    "I hate to use this analogy, but it is an accurate one," Wong said.
"California eventually the nation, if the demographic predictions are correct is
a lifeboat. If the boat is springing leaks because of inadequate and poor
quality education, because of deepening poverty . . . the people who are sitting
in the boat are going to figure out some way of plugging those leaks and working
together if they value their lives."

    But no one should be misled by the "browning of America," as some have
labeled the demographic shifts in progress. It doesn't signal a change in the
power structure.

    Education equals participation and success, said George Spindler.  "It's a
simple equation. And if whites continue to have the best, the longest . . . the
most professional kinds of educational experience," they are going to stay in
control.

    But, Spindler added: "If you have a large mass of blacks or Latinos who are
educated, or even a smaller group who are superiorly educated, eventually this
inequality is going to break down. But for most groups, it takes perhaps three
generations to attain that competitive socioeconomic status."

    Potentially the most significant phenomenon in the next decades will be the
emergence of the multiracial population. In the United States, interracial
marriages tripled from 310,000 in 1970 to 956,000 in 1988. An estimated
1-million to 2-million children have been born to interracial couples since
about 1970, according to an expert on multiracial children. And early reports
show an increase in the number of people who called themselves "multiracial" or
"biracial" on the 1990 Census.

    The discussion generated by this new multiethnic generation is going to
stimulate a decades-long debate one that may force Americans to confront the
myths that surround race and ethnicity in the United States.

    What the coming multicultural, polyethnic, pluralistic
 unarguably diverse America will be no one knows for certain.  There are no
models anywhere for what is happening here.
 Itabari Njeri is a writer for the Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR DRAWING, Rossie Newson; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Los Angeles Times
art - David Eppen; a tree bearing many different kinds of fruit; a woman's face

                            Times Publishing Company


                              409 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 1, 2008 Thursday

GROUND ZERO CYNICISM

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 381 words


Sen. Chuck Schumer says no one should belittle Downtown or "exploit the sanctity
of Ground Zero to score a cheap political point."

If only things were that simple.

Schumer's comment was aimed at Sen. Judd Gregg (R-NH), who balked at a request
for $2 billion in federal funds for a rail link between Downtown and JFK
Airport, calling it a "raid" on the fisc for "this train to nowhere."

Gregg's remark echoed the phrase used to characterize a notorious Alaskan pork
project, "the bridge to nowhere." Ouch.

An aide to Mayor Bloomberg also got his back up over Gregg's words: "This
'nowhere' is also the heart of American and world finance," said spokesman Stu
Loeser. He also suggested that "the senator might not remember what happened
there seven years ago."

Now, nobody's forgotten "what happened here seven years ago."

Least of all, us.

But as Rudy Giuliani learned during his presidential run, the reflexive
invocation of 9/11 will get you only so far. (In his case, not very.)

New York, of course, was promised the cash. And it needs it.

But considering the progress at Ground Zero - or, rather, the stunning lack
thereof - it's easy to understand why non-New Yorkers are skeptical.

The $2 billion is part of the $20 billion President Bush offered New York after
9/11, properly recognizing that the strike on the World Trade Center was aimed
at all Americans.

But that wasn't good enough for then-Gov. George Pataki, who demanded a whopping
$54 billion - including funds for some projects, like upstate rail service, far
from Ground Zero.

Right then, eyeballs began to roll.

Meanwhile, seven years after the attacks, the billions in federal funding have
resulted in not one completed building (aside from 7 World Trade Center, which
was entirely rebuilt by its private-sector owner, Larry Silverstein).

Indeed, it's doubtful Gregg would "not remember what happened" on 9/11 - because
Ground Zero today is basically still fallow land. Projects like the PATH station
and Fulton Street Transit Hub are stalled.

Indeed, the toxic Deutsche Bank building still stands - even after a fire there
last year killed two firefighters.

If New York's leaders ever get something done Downtown - maybe non-New Yorkers
would finally view federal funding as something other than "pork."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Professors' Politics Draw Lawmakers Into the Fray

BYLINE: By MICHAEL JANOFSKY

SECTION: Section 1; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1114 words


While attending a Pennsylvania Republican Party picnic, Jennie Mae Brown bumped
into her state representative and started venting.

''How could this happen?'' Ms. Brown asked Representative Gibson C. Armstrong
two summers ago, complaining about a physics professor at the York campus of
Pennsylvania State University who she said routinely used class time to belittle
President Bush and the war in Iraq. As an Air Force veteran, Ms. Brown said she
felt the teacher's comments were inappropriate for the classroom.

The encounter has blossomed into an official legislative inquiry, putting
Pennsylvania in the middle of a national debate spurred by conservatives over
whether public universities are promoting largely liberal positions and
discriminating against students who disagree with them.

A committee held two hearings last month in Pittsburgh and has scheduled another
for Jan. 9 in Philadelphia. A final report with any recommendations for
legislative remedy is due in June.

The investigation comes at a time when David Horowitz, a conservative
commentator and president of the Center for the Study of Popular Culture, has
been lobbying more than a dozen state legislatures to pass an ''Academic Bill of
Rights'' that he says would encourage free debate and protect students against
discrimination for expressing their political beliefs.

While Mr. Horowitz insists his campaign for intellectual diversity is
nonpartisan, it is fueled, in large measure, by studies that show the number of
Democratic professors is generally much larger than the number of Republicans. A
survey in 2003 by researchers at Santa Clara University found the ratio of
Democrats to Republicans on college faculties ranged from 3 to 1 in economics to
30 to 1 in anthropology.

Mr. Horowitz said he was pushing for legislation only because schools across the
country were ignoring their own academic freedom regulations and a founding
principle of the American Association of University Professors, which says
schools are better equipped to regulate themselves without government
intervention.

''It became apparent to me that universities have a problem,'' he said in an
interview. ''And nothing was being done about it.''

Mr. Horowitz and his allies are meeting forceful resistance wherever they go, by
university officials and the professors association, which argues that
conservatives are overstating the problem and, by seeking government action, are
forcing their ideology into the classroom.

''Mechanisms exist to address these glitches and to fix them,'' said Joan
Wallach Scott, a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton,
N.J., and former chairwoman of the professors association committee on academic
freedom, in testimony at the Pennsylvania Legislature's first hearing. ''There
is no need for interference from outside legislative or judicial agencies.''

In a debate with Mr. Horowitz last summer, Russell Jacoby, a history professor
at the University of California, Los Angeles, portrayed Mr. Horowitz's approach
as heavy-handed. ''It calls for committees or prosecutors to monitor the
lectures and assignments of teachers,'' he said. ''This is a sure-fire way to
kill free inquiry and whatever abuses come with it.''

So far, the campaign has produced more debate than action. Colorado and Ohio
agreed to suspend legislative efforts to impose an academic bill of rights in
favor of pledges by their state schools to uphold standards already in place.
Georgia passed a resolution discouraging ''political or ideological
indoctrination'' by teachers, encouraging them to create ''an environment
conducive to the civil exchange of ideas.''

While comparable efforts failed in three other states, measures are pending in
11 others. In Congress, House and Senate committees passed a general resolution
this year encouraging American colleges to promote ''a free and open exchange of
ideas'' in their classrooms and to treat students ''equally and fairly.'' It
awaits floor action next year.

Mr. Horowitz's center has spawned a national group called Students for Academic
Freedom that uses its Web site to collect stories from students who say they
have been affected by political bias in the classroom. The group says it has
chapters on more than 150 campuses.

The student group has fielded concerns from people like Nathaniel Nelson, a
former student at the University of Rhode Island and a conservative, who said a
philosophy teacher he had during his junior year referred often to his own
homosexuality and made clear his dislike for Mr. Bush.

Mr. Nelson, now a graduate student at the University of Connecticut, said in an
interview that the teacher frequently called on him to defend his conservative
values while making it clear he did not care for Republicans.

''On the first day of class, he said, 'If you don't like me, get out of my
class,' '' Mr. Nelson said. ''But it was the only time that fall the course was
being offered, and I wanted to take it.''

Marissa Freimanis said she encountered a similar situation in her freshman
English class at California State University, Long Beach, last year. Ms.
Freimanis said the professor's liberal bias was clear in the class syllabus,
which suggested topics for members of the class to write about. One was,
''Should Justice Sandra Day O'Connor be impeached for her partisan political
actions in the Bush v. Gore case?''

''Of course, I felt very uncomfortable,'' Ms. Freimanis, who is a Republican,
said in an interview.

In Pennsylvania, lawmakers are examining whether the political climate at 18
state-run schools requires legislation to ban bias. Mr. Armstrong said he
discussed the issue in several conversations with Mr. Horowitz ''as an expert in
the field'' before calling for the creation of a committee.

''But I don't know if his Academic Bill of Rights is necessary in
Pennsylvania,'' Mr. Armstrong said in an interview. ''Before we have legislation
to change a problem, we first have to determine whether the problem exists. If
it does exist, the next question is, 'Is it significant enough to require
legislation?' ''

''So the question I'm asking,'' he added, ''is, 'Do we have a problem in
Pennsylvania?' ''

For now, the answer is unclear. While Mr. Armstrong said he had received
complaints from ''about 50 students'' who said they were intimidated by
professors expressing strong political views, Democratic members of the
committee have called the endeavor a waste of time, and the Republican chairman,
Representative Thomas L. Stevenson, seemed to agree.

''If our report were issued today,'' Mr. Stevenson said, ''I'd say our
institutions of higher education are doing a fine job.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jennie Mae Brown told her Pennsylvania state representative,
Gibson C. Armstrong, that she felt a physics professor's comments in the
classroom about President Bush and Iraq were inappropriate. (Photo by Bradley C.
Bower for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              411 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 27, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

VOTES FOR THE MODERN PIANIST

SECTION: Section 2; Page 25, Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 334 words


To the Editor:

Harold Schonberg asks: Do today's pianists have the Romantic touch? My answer is
yes. The concept of the Romantic artist does remain today. It is held in high
esteem among musicians and teachers. It is unfair to belittle the talents of so
many fine, well-rounded artists.

The reason Mr. Schonberg and the public do not hear the Romantic style in
performance is due mainly to the pressures and demands of the musical business
world. Today, with the great numbers of high-level pianists, violinists, etc.,
managers and competition judges can afford to be very selective. Only the most
perfect, well-prepared and faultless instrumentalists are chosen, thus placing
great importance on accuracy of playing and literacy of the printed page. Style,
on the other hand (especially Romantic style), is often a very subjective ''gray
area'' where judges and critics differ at best and are rarely unanimous on
anything.

A performer, therefore, has a dilemma: Should I play the way I feel the musical
style demands and let myself go? Or should I play the way I need to play in
order to gain recognition and praise from the critics and others who control my
musical career and destiny?

Because of the intense competition today for solo performers, the answer is
usually the latter. Even established artists are afraid to ''take a chance'' and
sacrifice a few missed notes for the sake of personality and spontaneity for
fear that critics will crucify them. With too many bad reviews, managers will
become dismayed and reluctant to re-engage them.

As a concert violinist (as well as a member of the Pittsburgh Symphony), I have
this dilemma and have spoken to many others in the profession about it.

It is up to our leading soloists today to be willing to introduce more
19th-century performance practice and to inject more freedom, color and
spontaneity into their playing. Otherwise, live concerts will go out of style
and be replaced by home computer music.STEPHEN STARKMAN Pittsburgh, Pa.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              412 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

NCAA without gambling? Don't bet on it: Tar Heels not giving championship vibe
just yet

BYLINE: Jason Brough, Special to The Province

SECTION: SPORTS; Walking the Line; Pg. A57

LENGTH: 350  words


I wonder if the NCAA's "Don't Bet On It" ads were created by the same agency
that handled Jack Daniel's "Please Drink Responsibly" PR campaign. Because I
think the NCAA would be about as successful without gambling as the good people
of Lynchburg would be without Joe-Bob drinking straight from the bottle, since
he's planning on finishing it anyway.

Speaking of the South, I'm still not getting that championship vibe from North
Carolina. Not to belittle their progression to the Final Four, but the Heels
allowed Wisconsin, the NCAA's version of the New Jersey Devils, to score 82
points against them.

They also failed to cover the spread for the second straight game and will be
facing a Michigan State squad that has covered eight of its last 10 games. And
as far as the Spartans are concerned, they might not be the most stylish team to
throw down on, but you can't argue with consecutive wins over Duke and Kentucky.
An upset of UNC smells like destiny to me. (Or at the very least, they'll
cover.)

The other game features Illinois against Louisville. True, Illinois has lost but
one game all year. But so far in the tourney, the Illini have faced only one
real contender, barely scraping by Arizona in overtime to advance to the Final
Four (in what was also, for all intents and purposes, a home game for them in
Chicago).

On the other hand, Louisville spanked two tournament favourites in Georgia Tech
and Washington and then took care of a West Virginia team that may or may not
have been using flubber. I'll take the Cardinals plus the points.

With opening day upon us this Sunday, I've been scouring the MLB futures odds
for some semblance of value. It hasn't been easy, but how do you feel about the
Phillies at 13:1 to win the NL pennant? Because who's better at finishing second
than Philadelphia? Or what about the Padres at 25:1 to win the World Series?
Because with a much depleted Dodgers team and a Baby Bonds-less Giants side, San
Diego should challenge for the NL West division crown. Or how about the Yankees
at 1:5 to win the AL East? Because maybe you're a jerk.

brough_jason@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; Washington forward Bobby Jones (left), tries to
strip the ball in vain from Louisville guard Will Conroy during the second half
of an NCAA regional semifinal. The Cardinals are looking good to prevail over
Illinois Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 9, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Isn't Heartland Still Part Of Homeland?

BYLINE: By CLYDE HABERMAN.

E-mail: haberman@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; NYC; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 725 words


FRANK PARTSCH was on the phone from Omaha, so we had to accept on faith that he
wasn't wearing bib overalls and talking with a piece of straw in his teeth. We
also had to take his word that no cows paraded down Dodge Street, Omaha's main
drag.

''I didn't see any,'' said Mr. Partsch, who for most of the last
quarter-century, until last year, was the editorial page editor of The Omaha
World-Herald. Anyway, he said, ''most cows that come here are quickly converted
into burgers and steaks.''

For those of you suffering from irony deficiency anemia, Mr. Partsch was playing
along with a joke. It was his polite Midwestern way of deflecting the rat-a-tat
of abuse that Omaha has endured since the news broke last week that it had done
well in the Homeland Security sweepstakes while New York lost ground.

One of our more endearing traits in New York is a tendency to belittle anyone
and anything if we don't get our way. When we lost $83 million in Department of
Homeland Security money, a 40 percent cut, and Omaha gained $3.2 million, for a
63 percent increase, some of us behaved true to the form that makes us
universally beloved.

We sneered.

Omaha? You think Osama's got a map of Omaha in his cave? C'mon.

Omahans were ridiculed here as ''hayseeds'' living in a place where cows
outnumber people by four to one. Maybe if you counted each Big Mac sold there as
a cow, that ratio might be valid. It is a city, for goodness sake, with more
than 400,000 people.

And they have no reason, government officials and others in Omaha say, to assume
that they are immune to terrorism.

Of course, New York is No. 1 in the terrorists' cross hairs, Omahans
acknowledge. You'd have to be crazy to think otherwise. Al Qaeda in particular
has a taste for hitting potent symbols like the World Trade Center.

But is it written in some terrorist handbook that more mundane targets are off
limits? Ask Israel -- where pizzerias, cafes and bus stops in the middle of
nowhere have fallen victim to suicide bombers -- what it thinks.

In fact, Omaha may have had a near-brush with disaster.

All terrorists, remember, are not Al Qaeda (just as all Muslims are most
definitely not terrorists). ''McVeigh cased Omaha first,'' Mr. Partsch said. His
reference was to Timothy McVeigh, the home-grown terrorist responsible for the
1995 bombing that killed 168 people in Oklahoma City. Some federal agents have
said that they believe he had earlier staked out the main federal building in
Omaha.

''People are aware that terrorism can happen anywhere,'' Mr. Partsch said.
''Oklahoma City stands tall in Midwestern memory.''

As New York chases its share of Homeland Security dollars, a little perspective
might not hurt. The $83 million cut, while unhelpful and perhaps wrongheaded,
can easily be covered by the city out of pocket. The municipal budget has a $3.5
billion surplus for the fiscal year that ends this month; $83 million would put
a 2 percent dent in that cushion.

Bear something else in mind as New York politicians mock Homeland Security for
spending a few dollars to protect a mushroom festival in Texas and to keep
terrorists from using Kentucky bingo parlors as revenue sources. New York has
had its own unedifying moments in shaking the money tree for post-9/11 security
and recovery.

YOU may recall how Gov. George E. Pataki used the trade center disaster to hit
up the federal government for $54 billion in emergency aid. His wish list
included funds to build, of all things, a high-speed rail link to Schenectady.
In Washington, they practically laughed him out of town.

You may remember attempts by New York developers to use hundreds of millions of
dollars in tax-exempt ''Liberty Bonds'' for projects in Midtown, when those
bonds were created after Sept. 11 specifically to revitalize wounded Lower
Manhattan. How about the criticism hurled at the Metropolitan Transportation
Authority for sitting too long on $600 million intended for counterterrorism
measures?

By comparison, Omaha and its piddling $3.2 million hardly seem to deserve so
much attention, let alone nasty hick-town caricatures.

Naturally, the sneers sting, said Geitner Simmons, who succeeded Mr. Partsch on
the editorial page. ''This city has nothing but respect for New York,'' Mr.
Simmons said, adding a thought that might serve everyone well: ''We're all in
this together.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              414 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

No Hero, Trump Says of McCain, Stirring Outrage

BYLINE: By JONATHAN MARTIN and ALAN RAPPEPORT

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1296 words


AMES, Iowa --  Donald J. Trump has made his name in politics with provocative
statements, but it was not until Saturday, after the flamboyant businessman
turned presidential candidate belittled Senator John McCain's war record, that
many Republicans concluded that silence or equivocation about Mr. Trump's
incendiary rhetoric was inadequate.

Mr. Trump upended a Republican presidential forum here, and the race more
broadly, by saying of the Arizona senator and former prisoner of war: ''He's not
a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't
captured.''

Mr. McCain, a naval aviator, was shot down during the Vietnam War and held
prisoner for more than five years in Hanoi, refusing early release even after
being repeatedly beaten.

Mr. Trump and Mr. McCain have been engaged in a war of words over the past week,
since the Arizona senator said that Mr. Trump was riling up ''crazies'' in the
party with the inflammatory remarks about illegal immigrants from Mexico.

Yet Mr. Trump's comments on Saturday drew condemnation from his rivals and
senior officials in the party at a scale far greater than the response to his
portrayal of Mexican immigrants as rapists. The response was an indication of
the reverence many Republicans have for military service and sacrifice. But it
was also something more: their best opening yet to marginalize Mr. Trump.

After weeks when many of them treaded lightly around Mr. Trump, who once again
Saturday refused to rule out a third-party run, Republican leaders seized the
opportunity to unambiguously speak out against a candidate they see as
effectively hijacking their primaries.

Yet for all the outrage among party elites, some attendees at the Christian
conservative conference where Mr. Trump made his comments were not nearly as
offended, a reminder of the chasm between the Republican power structure and its
grass roots.

With his attack on Mr. McCain, Mr. Trump, whose caustic language about
immigration has lifted him in early polls, created a new, revealing litmus test
for how the Republican presidential hopefuls are handling the bombastic real
estate mogul.

Several of Mr. Trump's Republican opponents immediately denounced his comments,
and one said the remarks disqualified him from the presidency.

''Donald Trump owes every American veteran and in particular John McCain an
apology,'' said Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, upon taking the stage.
Mr. Perry argued that Mr. Trump's comment made him unfit to be commander in
chief.

Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said that anybody serious about being
president would not be disrespectful of prisoners of war, and predicted that the
early nominating states would render an unmistakable verdict on Mr. Trump's
candidacy.

''Here's what I think they're going to say: 'Donald Trump, you're fired,' '' Mr.
Graham said to laughs and applause.

For Mr. Perry and Mr. Graham, both retired Air Force officers who have struggled
to get traction in the race, Mr. Trump's comments represented an opportunity to
highlight their own military service and demonstrate to primary voters that they
would not tolerate any impugning of a veteran.

As telling was the difference between how Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and
Senator Ted Cruz of Texas reacted to Mr. Trump. Both are running aggressively in
Iowa and pursuing the sort of conservative voters who are now considering Mr.
Trump.

Mr. Walker, who leads in early Iowa polls, had previously resisted criticizing
Mr. Trump. But in a sign of how quickly Mr. Trump's provocation reshaped the
expectations of how candidates should treat him, Mr. Walker immediately changed
course after Mr. Trump questioned Mr. McCain's military record.

''I unequivocally denounce him,'' Mr. Walker said at a campaign stop in Sioux
City, Iowa.

Mr. Cruz, who poses a threat here on Mr. Walker's right, was more cautious. He
told reporters before his remarks here that Mr. McCain is ''an American hero,''
but added that he would not ''say something bad about Donald Trump.''

Mr. Cruz's reluctance to confront Mr. Trump was perhaps best explained by the
reaction to Mr. Perry's denunciation: While many in the crowd applauded, the
ovation did not last long and nobody in the audience of nearly 3,000 stood to
show their approval.

''It was not important to me,'' said Rose Kendall, an attendee from Burlington,
Iowa, of Mr. Trump's comment on Mr. McCain. ''He said that because John McCain
talked him down.''

Many Democrats noted that there had been far less opprobrium for Mr. Trump after
he began his candidacy in June by saying of Mexican immigrants: ''They're
bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists and some, I assume, are
good people.''

Republicans also treated the businessman more delicately in the 2012 campaign,
when Mitt Romney, the party's nominee, sought and publicly accepted Mr. Trump's
endorsement even after the businessman had questioned whether President Obama
was born in the United States.

Speaking to reporters after his turn on stage, Mr. Trump tried to soften the
remarks, saying that any United States veteran who was a prisoner of war was
heroic. He also shifted his comments to assuage veterans, saying that Mr. McCain
had failed to address their needs.

''I'm with the veterans all the time,'' he said. ''I consider them heroes.''

Asked about his own military draft status, Mr. Trump, 69, said that he received
medical deferments from the Vietnam War because of a bone spur in his foot. Mr.
Trump could not recall which foot was afflicted.

Yet Mr. Trump's awkward and ill-suited remarks about religion and marriage here
may have done more damage to his candidacy, at least with Christian
conservatives.

''I'm a religious person,'' Mr. Trump offered. ''I go to church. Do I do things
that are wrong? I guess so.''

Mr. Trump also struggled to answer if he had ever sought forgiveness from God,
before reluctantly acknowledging that he had not. ''If I do something wrong, I
try to do something right,'' he said. ''I don't bring God into that picture.''

And Mr. Trump raised eyebrows with language rarely heard before an evangelical
audience -- saying ''damn'' and ''hell'' when discussing education and the
economy -- while also describing the taking of communion in glib terms. ''When
we go in church and I drink the little wine, which is about the only wine I
drink, and I eat the little cracker -- I guess that's a form of asking
forgiveness,'' Mr. Trump said.

If all that was not enough to roil the button-downed crowd, he also described
his three marriages in starkly frank terms, conceding that he had difficulty
finding a work-life balance.

''It was a work thing, it wasn't a bad thing,'' Mr. Trump said. ''It was very
hard for anybody to compete against the work.''

Despite his marital problems over the years, Mr. Trump said that he was always
available to his children and that he did his best to have dinner with them on
most nights even when his work was grueling. He worked hard, he said, to instill
good values and steer them away from drugs, alcohol and cigarettes.

''I was actually a great father,'' Mr. Trump said. ''I was a better father than
I was a husband.''

It was these comments, not his attack on Mr. McCain, that prompted the most
muttering and unease in the audience.

''Well, I was turned off at the very start because I didn't like his language,''
Becky Kruse, of Lovilia, Iowa, said of Mr. Trump, not mentioning his comments
about Mr. McCain. Ms. Kruse said she likes Mr. Trump's hard line on immigration
and came to the event considering him. ''I was not too impressed,'' she said,
noting Mr. Trump's comment about not seeking God's forgiveness. ''He sounds like
he isn't really a born-again Christian.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/19/us/politics/trump-belittles
-mccains-war-record.html

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Donald Trump spoke to reporters in Ames, Iowa, on Saturday,
after belittling Senator John McCain's Vietnam War record. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSHUA
LOTT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A17)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              415 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 21, 2015 Sunday

EDITORIAL: More dads must step up, be there

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 586 words


June 21--If you have a father who is there for you (or who was there for you)
and doesn't hit you or belittle you, celebrate him today. Celebrate the heck out
of him this Father's Day.

Increasingly, he's a rarity, to the chagrin of a nation now more than ever
desperate for the stability and moral compass of fatherhood and, more
specifically, fathers and father figures who truly care, who are willing to
guide by example, and who leave indelibly positive influences on their families,
communities and nation.

Sadly, the percentage of fathers living away from their children more than
doubled in the past half-century, from 11 percent in 1960 to 27 percent in 2010,
according to the Pew Research Center.

Just in the past decade -- and in every state, including Minnesota and Wisconsin
-- the number of two-parent families dwindled by 1.2 million, the Washington
Times reported in December 2012. In all, there are 64.3 million dads in the
U.S., according to U.S. Census Bureau figures. But only 41 percent of them, or
26.5 million of them, are part of a married-couple family with children. A
census-counted 2.5 million other men are single fathers, up a whopping 525
percent from the 400,000 single dads in 1970. Some 24 million children nowadays
-- one out of every three -- live without a father, the U.S. Census statistics
show.

As a result, more children are in poverty. Married couples with children earn an
average of $80,000 annually while families headed by single mothers earn only
about $24,000 a year, the Washington Times found. Children in father-absent
homes are almost four times more likely to be poor, according to U.S. Census
statistics. In 2011, 44 percent of fatherless children were living in poverty.

The results are devastating. Children without involved fathers have more
behavioral problems and do worse in school, according to the Journal of Family
Psychology. And they're more likely to be malnourished, suffer from obesity,
experience unplanned pregnancies, and commit crimes and end up in jail, said the
National Fatherhood Initiative of Germantown, Md.

"There is a 'father factor' in nearly all of the social issues facing America
today," says the nonprofit, which can be found on the web at fatherhood.org.
"But the hope lies in the fact that children with involved fathers do better
across every measure of child well-being than their peers in father-absent
homes."

There's only hope in that if a way can be found to reverse the fatherless trend
and if more men can be convinced to take responsibility for the lives they help
create.

Sure, some men have perfectly legitimate reasons for not being around. Judging
an absentee dad is easy. Divorce, relationships and personal challenges can be
hard.

But far too many men, and increasing numbers of men, simply are choosing not to
be around. They're shirking their responsibility. Their families, communities
and nation need them to stop. We need them to step up instead -- or man up, if
you will -- and do right even when it's difficult.

Then they, too, can be celebrated by grateful families, communities and our
nation on the one day a year set aside for dads. Today is the day when ties and
other gifts are forgotten, but hugs last lifetimes. And it's the day when we can
pause and reflect on the value of true fatherhood.

This editorial is reprinted from Father's Day 2014.

___ (c)2015 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150621-DU-EDITORIAL-More-dads-must-step-up-be-there-0621-20150621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2015 Duluth News-Tribune


                              416 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  December 8, 2004 Wednesday ST. PAUL EDITION

HOW'S THIS FOR GIVING BACK TO THE FANS?

BYLINE: TOM POWERS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 719 words


The Timberwolves may have lost to the Dallas Mavericks at Target Center, but no
one was zapped with a stun gun, no one shouted a vulgarity at a fan and no one
threatened to loaf unless he got a new contract.

All in all, a pretty good night.

Welcome to the NBA 2004 -- it's Fan-tastic.

Well, it's Fan-tastic if you happen to be a fan who doesn't get punched in the
head, cursed at or made to witness a gesture that would make a frat boy blush.

And it's Fan-tastic if you happen to be a fan who doesn't belittle, degrade or
assault one or more of the participants.

The league has taken the term "interactive" to new heights this year. The
unofficial slogan: Come to the arena and mix it up with the players. "You mother
is so ugly ... "

Getting an autograph is passe when you can show off genuine stitches and a fat
lip.

The latest interactive casualty is Latrell Sprewell, who has been on tilt since
the season started.

Flip Saunders, who is becoming something of a zookeeper, really didn't want to
talk about the latest controversy.

"All I know is that Spree is playing a lot better this year than last year," he
said. "Look at his stats. He's a good teammate and he's easy to coach."

Which is fine, except the guy keeps going screwy.

Oh, and Flip added that Sprewell was not becoming a distraction. Which is odd
because when one of your starters isn't allowed to come into the arena, you'd
think that might at least be a minor distraction. After all, there's this
conspicuous empty space.

Sprewell served his one-game suspension last night as a supposedly tired
Mavericks team waxed the Wolves. Commissioner David Stern, rising up to his full
5 feet 2, banished Sprewell for having the poor sense to use a vulgarity within
shouting distance of a microphone in Los Angeles last Saturday.

The Wolves could have used him against the Mavericks.

Said center Mark Madsen: "Latrell brings tremendous energy and a tremendous
professionalism to the court."

Uh, OK.

During the Timberwolves-Mavericks game, I heard the "F" word -- among other
choice comments -- emanate from the court at least a half-dozen times. None of
it made it over the airwaves, however. The Wolves have banned crowd mikes,
effective immediately. Now the home viewers hear the dulcet tones of the
announcers and a general background buzz.

Everyone is getting a little sensitive.

Hey, I've seen players -- Charles Barkley and Dennis Rodman in particular --
make some really, really vulgar gestures. They've done things on the court I
wouldn't do behind closed doors ... alone ... with the lights out. And they did
them right here in genteel Minnesota where people still blush.

But now there is a perception that the league is spiraling out of control, so
apparently we're witnessing some sort of crackdown.

Meanwhile, general manager Jim Stack issued a terse statement declaring that the
Timberwolves "do not condone its player directing inappropriate language toward
fans." That's good to know. I wasn't sure. I thought maybe management handed out
a list of suggested profanities to the players as they ran onto the court for
the opening tip.

Way to take a stand there, Jimbo.

Sprewell has brought a lot of this on himself by going out of his way to become
Public Enemy No. 1. Unhappy with his contract, he has done everything except set
himself on fire at Nicollet Mall in protest. He seems to want people to hate
him.

I'm not sure how he's doing in terms of the hate campaign, but he has had great
success in turning Stern against him. The commissioner has been fuming since
Sprewell's preseason comments about his contract. Stern wasn't thrilled to hear
Sprewell imply that he may not give his best.

Anyway, the consensus among the Wolves appears to be that the fans are more out
of control than ever. Saunders says that TV producers need to do a better job of
"protecting the broadcasts" because play becomes very emotional. And some of the
players clearly need better self-discipline, too.

All in all, it's becoming a mess. Would I take my kids to an NBA game? We're
still OK here in Minnesota, I think. The crowd is not a profane, vile mob. But
almost everywhere else -- no way. I don't want them exposed to that type of
atmosphere.

Tom Powers can be reached at tpowers@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: MAVERICKS 97, TIMBERWOLVES 87

GRAPHIC: 2 PHOTOS: CHRIS POLYDOROFF, PIONEER PRESS

1) Dallas coach Don Nelson glares at referee Joey Crawford after being ejected
93 seconds into the Mavericks' game against the Timberwolves Tuesday night.
Nelson got his first technical for questioning an offensive foul on Darrell
Armstong and immediately yelled back at Crawford, who added the second
technical.

2) Trenton Hassell goes airborne to try and stop Dallas' Dirk Nowitzki, who led
the Mavericks with 34 points in a 97-87 victory over the Wolves Tuesday night.

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 7, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

So, Call Me a Party Pooper

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 370 words


I know it's not just me.

A few were fine, at first -- a welcome distraction from daily routine. Now
though, the District's newest emblem of culture has turned into an eyesore. I'm
talking about those "Party Animals," the street-art project developed by the
D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities. The Barney-esque donkeys and
elephants have become a regular feature on our sidewalks uptown and down.

I am no art critic, and I am not attempting to belittle the artists who designed
the wardrobes for these four-legged plastic molds. It's not the medium, the
cause, the sponsorship or even the politics that rattle me. Rather, it is the
canvas itself.

To me, these creatures look more like amusement park denizens than flattering
additions to a beautiful capital city. Washington brims with culture and
history, from its Beaux-Arts architecture to its Rock Creek valley. Whether this
art project serves to promote tourism or provide an infusion of culture and
diversity, the ubiquity and intrusive placement of these animals has hampered
much of their intended charms.

I've heard people with toddlers -- whom I would expect to appreciate anything
that enthralls the kids -- tell me that they think the statues are "heinous" and
"disgraceful."

Some local artists find the curvy beasts on their cement pedestals offensive.

I am a runner, so I've probably seen most of the two competing herds, but even
if you wander just a couple of corners from your Metro stop, you'll find a Party
Animal welcoming you to your favorite restaurant or posted outside your office.

Sadly, it is no surprise that these donkey and elephant clones have been
attacked by vandals. The more they are publicized, the more pampering and repair
they receive, the more distraught the creators appear when their work is
attacked. No doubt the statues will continue to be covered by graffiti, smeared
with condiments and deprived of their accessories.

Baltimore was able to pull off a similar idea last summer -- fish sculptures by
the Inner Harbor close to a great aquarium. It sort of worked. But Washington's
effort at playful politics has failed.

Do we really need 200 of these ugly things crowding our sidewalks?

-- Meaghan F. Wolff

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              418 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           January 24, 1999, Sunday,

CONSERVATIVES PUSH, BUT UPHILL;
 THE GROUP LACKS NUMBERS IN THE LEGISLATURE AND HAS WITNESSED INFIGHTING IN A
MAJOR CONSERVATIVE ORGANIZATION.

BYLINE: PAUL CARRIER Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1425 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Social conservatives are bringing an ambitious agenda to this year's session of
the Maine Legislature. But their minority status within the Legislature, and
internal divisions within the ranks of a major conservative organization, could
doom most of that agenda.

The early betting among legislative experts is that conservatives stand little
chance of adopting most of the major issues that concern such groups as the
Christian Civic League of Maine, the Maine Right to Life Committee and others.

If the prognosticators are on target, the so-called religious right lacks the
muscle to push most of its bills through the Legislature, despite an impressive
referendum win last year that overturned a gay-rights law.

"I think they have a false sense of a mandate," said Rep. Michael Quint,
D-Portland. "I think they're in for a big surprise."

As an openly homosexual lawmaker who champions gay rights, Quint might be
expected to belittle the legislative prospects of social conservatives. But he
is far from alone in his assessment, which reflects a bill-by-bill analysis of
this year's conservative agenda.

Whether the issue is abortion, gay rights, school choice or even a new type of
marriage contract that would discourage divorce, social conservatives face
uphill fights in the Legislature. The reasons are varied.

For one thing, the religious right is not as strong in the Legislature, or as
well-organized there, as it would like to be.

Rep. Henry Joy, R-Crystal, who has led a self-described conservative caucus in
the Legislature in recent years, says about 25 lawmakers actively participated
in the caucus over the last two years. That's fewer than 14 percent of the
people who serve in Maine's 186-member Legislature.

If social conservatives are weak in the Legislature as a whole, they are weaker
still in the Senate. All of their most vocal allies in the Legislature serve in
the 151-member House, so it is no surprise that their issues sometimes fare
better in the House than in the 35-member Senate.

Compounding the problem for social conservatives, the image and reputation of
one of their top lobbyists may have been tarnished by infighting within the
Christian Civic League of Maine.

A year ago, Michael Heath, the executive director of that organization, was
flying high after voters passed a referendum that overturned a gay-rights law
enacted by the Legislature and signed by the governor.

Although the referendum passed by a tight margin in a low-turnout special
election, the victory was strong enough to turn Heath and his organization into
potential power brokers on issues of importance to conservatives.

Now all that is changing. Thanks to a nasty legal wrangle that pits Heath
against three former members of the league's board of directors, Heath's
political standing may have weakened.

Earlier this month, for example, Heath's critics called Augusta police to the
league's headquarters to enforce a court order giving them access to league
records. The critics accuse Heath of mishandling league finances. Heath
acknowledges mistakes but denies any intentional wrongdoing.

At the very least, the feud within the league has made enemies of Heath and Joy,
two key players who should be allies. Joy is one of three league board members
ousted from the board last October as the infighting intensified.

"There may be some (legislators) who still do (listen to Heath), but I know
there are a lot who don't," said Joy.

Such discord carries a price. "This internal strife has got to take its toll on
their ability to be effective," said Rep. Richard Nass, an Acton Republican who
is not connected with the league.

Topping the list of conservative social issues this year is a renewed call to
ban what opponents of abortion call partial-birth abortions. The practice
involves partially delivering a late-term fetus and then destroying it.

Abortion foes say that type of abortion is especially heinous and indefensible,
so the state should outlaw it. Supporters of abortion rights counter that the
practice is rare and that the proposed ban is a deceptive attempt to outlaw most
or even all abortions.

Opponents of abortion say they have collected more than enough voters'
signatures to force a referendum on the proposed ban this November, unless the
Legislature outlaws the practice.

That seems unlikely, based on what happened when the issue came up in 1997.

"It's going to pass the House again," said Rep. Douglas Ahearne, D-Madawaska, an
anti-abortion activist. "It will be tough on the Senate side" because the
breakdown there is the same as it was when the Senate rejected the ban two years
ago.

And even if the Legislature decided to ban the practice, Gov. Angus King remains
opposed to it. There is no way supporters of the ban could muster the two-thirds
votes needed in the House and Senate to override a veto.

Social conservatives also remain adamantly opposed to gay rights, but they
probably won't win that fight either, at least not in the Legislature.

After backing such a law in 1997, only to see voters overturn it in 1998, the
Legislature will take up another round of bills this year that would outlaw
discrimination in employment, housing, credit and public accommodations based on
sexual orientation.

Many lawmakers may be reluctant to vote for such a law so soon after the voters
rejected civil rights for homosexuals, but supporters of gay rights have a
fallback plan. They say the Legislature could pass a gay-rights law and send it
out to referendum, giving voters the final say.

The thinking is that that would make gay rights more palatable to lawmakers who
don't want to appear to be overriding the voters. And voters might be more
likely to endorse gay rights in a high-turnout general election than they were
in the February 1998 referendum that killed the earlier law.

A new idea on the socially conservative agenda -- at least in Maine -- is a
so-called "covenant marriage," a proposal modeled after a law in Louisiana that
is designed to dampen the high divorce rate.

Couples who agree to such a marriage would find it more difficult to get a
divorce than other couples do. Under a legally binding covenant marriage, a
couple would have to go through mandatory counseling before the courts could
approve a divorce.

And even after counseling, the grounds for divorce would be more limited for
couples in a covenant marriage than for other couples. One key difference is
that irreconcilable differences would not be recognized as grounds for divorce
in such a marriage.

Like gay rights and abortion, covenant marriage looms as an issue that social
conservatives are likely to lose. Whatever its merits, the idea is so new in
Maine that the Legislature is unlikely to embrace it quickly.

"I think it's going to take a lot of work," said Rep. Lois Snowe-Mello,
R-Poland, a sponsor of the bill.

"It may be an issue that needs to have its day in the sun for a few
(legislative) sessions before it sinks in on Main Street," said Sen. Philip
Harriman, a moderate Republican from Yarmouth.

Social conservatives also plan to promote school choice again this year, but
they are unlikely to fare any better than they have in the past.

School choice can take various forms. One idea is to give public-school students
more freedom to attend the public schools of their choice. But conservatives
want something more. They believe the government should subsidize students who
attend private schools, including religious schools, through vouchers or tax
breaks.

"That has been resoundingly defeated before" and there's no reason to believe
the Legislature is any more receptive now, said Rep. Michael Brennan,
D-Portland, who co-chairs the Education Committee. Subsidizing religious schools
"detracts from support for public schools" at a time when public schools remain
seriously underfunded, Brennan said.

The strongest -- perhaps the only -- ray of hope for social conservatives
involves doctor-assisted suicide for the terminally ill.

After failing to legalize that practice in the last Legislature, supporters will
try again this year. But that is one issue, at least, on which conservatives
share common ground with the Legislature as a whole.

Even supporters concede they have little hope of persuading the Legislature to
legalize doctor-assisted suicide.

That's why they also are collecting signatures to force a referendum in the year
2000, on the assumption that the Legislature will not side with them this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: 3 color;

Rep. Henry Joy, R-Crystal;

 Staff photos by Doug Jones Douglas Ahearne, D-Madawaska, an anti-abortio
activist, gestures during a hallway discussion outside the Legislature. Of a
proposed ban on so-called partial-birth abortions, Ahearne predicts, "It's going
to pass the House again," but, "it will be tough on the Senate side.";

 Rep. Lois Snowe-Mello, R-Poland, left, and Rep. Carol Weston, R-Montville, talk
in a doorway at the State House. Snowe-Mello supports "covenant marriage," which
makes divorces more difficult to obtain.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              419 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 20, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Kerry wears faith prominently, if not on his sleeve

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1276 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS

NEW ORLEANS -- "Through many dangers, toils and snares, I have already come,"
John Kerry said in greeting thousands of Baptist ministers here recently. They
burst into cheers after the first few words, recognizing the third verse of
Amazing Grace, and continued as he finished: " 'Tis grace hath brought me safe
thus far, and grace will lead me home."

President Bush's speeches and statements are studded with references to hymns,
Scripture, God and prayer. This year he has company in Kerry, the Democratic
presidential nominee.

The Massachusetts senator attends services nearly every weekend. Sometimes he
visits black churches. He went to Spanish-language Masses Sunday in Boston and
last month on Nantucket. He makes clear in his stump speeches that he's a person
of faith. And he's not shy about using Scripture to make political points.


Voters and journalists often ask Kerry to describe his religious beliefs and his
views on topics such as abortion and stem cell research. His answers often
reveal a man trying to balance politics, policy, religion and the Constitution
in the nuanced fashion his fans appreciate and his critics belittle. He is
Catholic and says he believes life begins at conception. But he is also a
staunch supporter of abortion rights and research using stem cells from human
embryos.

The religious vote

There's no argument over the importance of religion in the election. Frequency
of worship is a prime predictor of how people vote. Surveys of voters leaving
the polls in the 2000 election showed that 63% of people who attended church
more than once a week voted for Bush, compared with 36% for Democrat Al Gore.
Weekly churchgoers broke 57%-40% for Bush.

That Democratic deficit prompted Kerry to court religious voters with an
extensive effort. "We've really opened the doors of the campaign to the faith
community," campaign spokeswoman Allison Dobson says.

The Kerry team has three people assigned to build support in black churches, the
Jewish community and among Christians. Bush's campaign has drawn controversy by
trying to recruit coordinators to organize "friendly congregations." The Kerry
camp is using less direct approaches, including pastoral networks, house
parties, service projects and letter-writing campaigns.

Kerry's religious talk often takes on an edgy, political cast when he addresses
African-American audiences. Twice this month, he has likened Bush to the Bible's
"false prophet" and said the president is nothing like its "Good Samaritan." He
often talks about "God's work yet to be done" on health care, poverty, child
care and other issues, and he says Bush isn't doing it. "Faith without deeds is
dead," he says frequently. "Where are the deeds?" he asked black ministers in
Indianapolis in July. "For the last four years, all we have heard is empty
words."

Kerry alludes to God and the Bible differently in secular settings such as
rallies and town halls. Recently in Greensboro, N.C., he said people have
"spiritual, God-given responsibilities" to preserve the environment because "we
don't . . .  inherit the Earth. We borrow the Earth."

Tough questions

Kerry often tells audiences that "God put just 3% of the world's oil under
American soil. That's all God gave us. I think he sent us a message when he did
that." The message as he sees it: Get cracking on new energy sources so America
can rely on itself for energy, "not the Saudi royal family."

That line always gets a roar of approval. But sometimes the reaction is more
mixed.

When Kerry worshiped at a church in Springfield, Ohio, the minister noted that
he personally opposes abortion, but "all guests are welcome" and deserving of
respect. When a woman in Anoka, Minn., asked Kerry whether he was a Christian,
he said yes -- "but that should not be what decides whether or not somebody
votes for me." Half the audience stood for an ovation; half did not.

Some of the toughest questions Kerry gets have to do with abortion and stem cell
research. A woman in Grand Rapids, Mich., asked him this summer how to answer
critics wondering how he reconciled his religious beliefs with his position on
abortion.

"What is my article of faith is not something under our Constitution that I have
a right to transfer to somebody who doesn't share that article of faith," Kerry
told her. "I have my own feelings about abortion, as you do, I'm sure. But it's
not for government to make that choice. It's for an individual, her doctor and
her God."

ABC's Peter Jennings pressed him further in an interview that aired last month.
Jennings asked: When Kerry says he believes "life begins at conception," a
phrase identified with people who oppose abortion, is Kerry tailoring an appeal
to that group?

"Not in the least," Kerry replied. "It's consistent with everything I've always
said over 35 years of public life.  . . .  It's a very complicated, highly
emotional, very searing decision. I don't want the government making that
decision for people, and that is a bedrock belief. But it doesn't change what I
believe."

"If you believe life begins at conception, is even a first-trimester abortion
not murder?" Jennings asked. "No," Kerry said, "because it's not the form of
life that takes personhood in the terms that we have judged it to be. . . .
It's the beginning of life.  . . .  Is it at the point where I would say that
you apply those penalties? The answer is no."

Kerry applies the same type of reasoning to stem cell research, saying respect
for human embryos must be balanced against the lives that might be saved by
research using them. He contends "it is entirely within ethical bounds to do
embryonic stem cell research without violating one's beliefs at all about what
life is."

In his convention acceptance speech, Kerry said he does not wear his faith on
his sleeve. Asked on CBS last month about Bush, Kerry said the president has
"unabashedly" put religion in play by injecting religion into policymaking. For
instance, Kerry said, he approves of giving federal money to religious groups
that perform social services -- but not the way Bush is going about it. "I
(would) do it in a way that abides by the Constitution," he said.

Kerry and others have said Bush would give federal money to groups that try to
convert people to their faith as part of programs offering food, drug treatment
and other services. They say that violates the constitutional separation of
church and state.

Spiritual journey

The timing of that taped TV appearance was ironic. As it aired, Kerry was
talking to a mostly black congregation of about 900 in Springfield, Ohio, about
tragedies that had "seasoned" his spiritual journey.

"I went through a period of my life when I experienced great loss because I was
in a war," Kerry said. "Lost several of my best friends, those I grew up with
and those I fought with. And I sort of questioned, you know, how has this
happened, why has this happened, what's going on?  . . .  And we learned that
even through suffering, through loss, we get in touch with the power, with the
being, with the Almighty and we understand purpose. We understand how you reach
deep in your soul and you find things."

Then came the inevitable pivot to politics. Kerry said he and running mate John
Edwards are not religious leaders, but "we see too many poor people. We see too
many people with schools that are separate, not equal. We see too many people
who need health care. We see too many people who need a chance in this life."

He asked the worshipers for "your guidance and your prayers." And, unspoken but
understood, their votes."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Jim Young, Reuters (2); Applauded: John Kerry at annual
gathering of the National Baptist Convention, USA, in New Orleans Sept. 9.
<>Regular churchgoer: Kerry arrives for Sunday services at St. Mary's, Our Lady
of the Isle Church, in Nantucket, Mass., on Aug. 29.<>Even through suffering,
through loss, we get in touch with the power, with the being, with the Almighty.
-- John Kerry, speaking to an Ohio congregation about his spiritual journey

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              420 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            October 25, 2004 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

WHEN IT'S TERRELL'S TIME, EAGLES RECEIVER SHINES

BYLINE: Ron Cook

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 2292 words


It's fairly obvious that Terrell Owens has studied at the Mike Tyson School For
Sports Celebrities. Tyson might not have invented the lucrative concept that
outrageousness sells -- I'm guessing that was Muhammad Ali -- but he certainly
perfected it, made a fortune from it and became one of the world's most famous
and infamous athletes because of it.

Now it's Terrell's Time.

You couldn't stop looking at Owens at Cleveland Stadium yesterday. He was in
town with the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles to play the Browns in a game the
Eagles won in overtime, 34-31. All week, Owens had been at the center of a storm
because of offseason observations he made about Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia,
his former teammate with the San Francisco 49ers. He didn't just belittle
Garcia's ability. He insinuated that Garcia was gay, telling Playboy, "If it
looks like a rat and smells like a rat, by golly, it is a rat." You might guess
how that played with Browns fans.

You couldn't wait to see how Owens handled the pressure. Of course, he didn't
disappoint. He's the NFL's best receiver, apologies to Hines Ward. In the first
quarter, Owens beat cornerback Anthony Henry to the post and caught a 39-yard
touchdown pass from Mrs. McNabb's boy, Donovan. In the second quarter, he ran by
Henry for a 40-yard touchdown catch. He finished with four catches for 109
yards, his fourth consecutive 100-yard receiving day. No Philadelphia player has
done that in 21 years.

You were dying to know what Owens would do to celebrate. This is the guy who had
the nerve to dance on the Dallas Cowboys' star logo at midfield in Texas
Stadium. The one who pulled out the Sharpie Pen and autographed a football. The
one who has grabbed pom-poms from a 49ers' cheerleader and danced. The same one
who has done sit-ups in the end zone. No one in any sport is better at
screaming, "Look at me!"

Again, Owens didn't disappoint. This is a player who takes his pregame scouting
seriously. After his first touchdown, he didn't hesitate running to the corner
of the end zone and firing the ball against a "T.O. has B.O." banner that was as
juvenile as the feud that precipitated it. After his second touchdown at the
other end of the stadium, he immediately sprinted to the back wall and tried to
rip down a "T.akes O.ne To Know One" banner that had pictures of Owens and a
rat. Now that was a cool sign.

You wanted to know what Owens was going to say afterward. Would he take on those
clever Browns fans, who targeted him all day with verbal abuse?

"I wasn't mad about it," Owens said. "I kind of found it humorous. They just
ignite the fire in me."

OK, so would Owens go after Garcia again? Even he seemed to realize that would
be piling on. Garcia has had a tough year. Browns coach Butch Davis accused him
of being "skittish" in the Oct. 10 loss to the Steelers. Somehow, Garcia set
aside the distractions yesterday and looked like anything but a -- what's
Arnold's term? -- "girlie man" when he ran through cornerback Lito Sheppard on a
fourth-quarter scramble, then ran over safety Brian Dawkins to score the
touchdown that forced overtime.

"Jeff played well," Owens said. "He's a gutty guy, a gritty guy. He doesn't go
down. If you give him an opportunity, he'll make you pay."

It was clear that Owens was tired of talking about Garcia. He's so-o-o-o last
week. It was time to move on to the next controversy. The Eagles play the
Baltimore Ravens at home Sunday. Word out of Baltimore is that Ray Lewis, Chris
McAlister and the other Ravens would love nothing more than to take out Owens
because he talked his way out of a trade to the Ravens in the offseason. Owens
ranks right there with Ward and Plaxico Burress on their list.

Then, two weeks after that, the Eagles will play in Dallas. Owens always is
greeted warmly there. The fans just love him.

Right.

In between the Ravens and the Cowboys, the Eagles will play the Steelers Nov. 7
at Heinz Field. As far as I can tell, Owens has nothing against Bill Cowher or
Joey Porter or any of the Steelers. That doesn't mean he won't start something,
though. It's almost certain that he'll start something.

But it doesn't matter if Owens does or he doesn't.

It won't change the bottom line.

When Owens does get to town, you won't be able to take your eyes off him.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL XTRA/ Ron Cook can be reached at rcook@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1525.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ronald Martinez/Getty Images: Hank Fraley lifts kicker David
Akers after Akers kicks the winning field goal in overtime for the Eagles
yesterday in Cleveland.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              421 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Chambers Case Turning On Truth of Confession

BYLINE: By KIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 866 words


A police sergeant who had investigated the death of Jennifer Levin in Central
Park was testifying in the murder trial of Robert E. Chambers Jr. Mr. Chambers's
lead defense lawyer, Jack T. Litman, was doing exactly what most defense lawyers
avoid - putting his client at the scene of the crime.

''Didn't you tell detectives 48 hours later that you saw a male white, later
identified as Robert Chambers?'' Mr. Litman repeatedly asked the witness, Sgt.
Anthony E. Michalek, on cross-examination. But the sergeant was adamantly
unsure. He couldn't identify the person he had seen. It might have been Mr.
Chambers, it might not.

The exchange last week in State Supreme Court in Manhattan illustrates what
legal experts say is the central dynamic of the trial: the efforts of the
opposing attorneys to bolster or belittle Mr. Chambers's account on a police
videotape of what happened in the park between him and Miss Levin in the early
hours of Aug. 26, 1986.

Broader Truth at Issue

In questioning the sergeant, Mr. Litman was trying to corroborate one small
point that Mr. Chambers had made on the tape: that he had lingered at the scene
after Miss Levin's death.

This point is not a matter of dispute; it is not likely to be central to the
case. But if Mr. Litman can establish the credibility of his client on such
small points, the experts say, he may be able to convey to the jury the more
important idea that Mr. Chambers is generally truthful.

The prosecutor, for opposite reasons, is attacking the fine points of Mr.
Chambers's statement.

Defense lawyers say that while disputes over a defendant's statements to the
police are not uncommon, the issue is magnified in Mr. Chambers's trial because
there are no known witnesses to verify or deny his version. There is only the
hourlong videotape and the physical evidence against which the jury must measure
it.

''You almost have to do a bit of surgery,'' Barry I. Slotnick, a Manhattan
lawyer who defended Bernhard H. Goetz last year, said of the defense tactics.
''You've got to find the exculpatory parts and indicate that's what the jury
should focus on, then try and remove as much as possible those things that might
offend the jury's sensitivities.''

Similarity to Goetz Trial

In Mr. Goetz's trial, which resulted in his conviction on a weapons charge but
acquittal of attempted murder and assault in the shooting of four teen-agers on
a subway train, the defendant's videotaped statement was also a central piece of
evidence.

But at least a dozen witnesses in the subway car testified at the Goetz trial
about what they had seen and not seen. In that case Mr. Slotnick argued to the
jury that Mr. Goetz was essentially telling the truth on the tape, but that
certain elements were fantasy that occurred only in Mr. Goetz's mind.

In Mr. Chambers's case, the battle lines over the videotape were drawn on the
opening day when the lawyers made their first remarks to the jury. But the
problems, or the ''surgery,'' that both sides faced were just as clearly drawn.

The prosecutor, Linda Fairstein, for instance, who called the statement a
''complete fabrication,'' said she would prove that Mr. Chambers had lied about
how Miss Levin died and would show that he killed her intentionally. However,
her difficulty will be defining the line between ''the lies'' and what she does
not contest in the statement - that Mr. Chambers killed Miss Levin.

Killing Is Admitted

On the tape, Mr. Chambers admitted killing Miss Levin, who was 18 years old. But
he insisted that she had died accidentally after she hurt him during sex and he
reacted instinctively to stop her by grabbing her from behind with his arm.

Mr. Litman told the jury that Mr. Chambers's videotaped statement was the
''unvarnished truth,'' but that it contained a number of ''obvious, silly
lies,'' specifically about how, in an earlier statement to the police, Mr.
Chambers had tried to deny any involvement in Miss Levin's death.

And while specific statements on the videotape, such as Mr. Chambers saying he
stayed near the body, are not challenged by either side, defense lawyers say the
best course is often to emphasize every point you can prove, hoping it will
reflect on the ones you cannot.

Fine Arguments Pursued

In the Chambers trial, some of those lines of argument are exceedingly fine.

For example, according to transcripts of conferences between the attorneys and
the judge, a key point of Ms. Fairstein's final argument to the jury will be the
precise position and appearance of Miss Levin's body in death, down to the
location of dirt smudges on her body, as pictured in police photographs. The
body's position makes Mr. Chambers's account impossible, Ms. Fairstein will
argue, unless the body were rearranged after death.

Mr. Litman, on the other hand, has concentrated on what he has called ''the
where of the case.'' Specifically he is referring to the distances between Miss
Levin's body and certain items found in the park, like a pair of panties, a
lipstick case and a barrette. He has suggested to the jury in his questioning of
police witnesses that the items might have been disturbed or moved by the
police.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              422 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 19, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Dukakis, in Birmingham, Vows to 'Complete the Task' of Civil Rights Movement

BYLINE: Edward Walsh, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A31

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: BIRMINGHAM, Aug. 18, 1988


Democratic presidential nominee Michael S. Dukakis pledged to "complete the
task" of the civil rights movement tonight as he and his campaign aides
maintained a satisfied silence over the questions about the military service
record of Sen. Dan Quayle (R-Ind.), Republican presidential nominee George
Bush's choice as his running mate.

In sharp contrast to his speech two weeks ago to a virtually all-white audience
in Mississippi, when he skirted the subject of civil rights, the Massachusetts
governor told an audience in a black church here tonight that he will "not rest
until every form of bigotry and racism and religious intolerance is banished
from this land."

But on a day in which he also attacked the Reagan administration's drug policies
and pledged to reinvigorate the nation's space program, Dukakis refused to
comment on the question of whether Quayle used the influence of his wealthy
publishing family to win a place in the National Guard, avoiding regular Army
service and the risk of combat duty in Vietnam.

"I just have no information on that," Dukakis said at a news conference in Miami
Beach this morning.

The closest Dukakis came to the subject was a brief reference to his stint in
the peacetime Army in the mid-1950s, including about 15 months as a
communications specialist in South Korea.

"I can only speak for myself," he said. "I served my country. I did so proudly.
It's an important experience in my life."

Dukakis' reticence today was in contrast to his willingness Wednesday to
belittle Quayle's political experience and indirectly suggest that the
41-year-old conservative is not prepared to assume the presidency if necessary.
But with Quayle's military service the focus of attention at the Republican
National Convention in New Orleans as Bush prepared to deliver his acceptance
speech tonight, the rival Democratic campaign seemed satisfied to leave well
enough alone.

"We'll leave it to the American people to decide who made the best decision, the
presidential decision" in selecting a running mate, said Paul Brountas, Dukakis'
campaign chairman.

Dukakis spoke tonight, as he did in Philadelphia, Miss., two weeks ago, at a
site associated with a tragic event during the civil rights movement. He
appeared at the Sixth Avenue Baptist Church, where the funerals of three of the
four black girls killed in the bombing of another black church here were held in
1963.

On Aug. 4, Dukakis was at the Neshoba County (Miss.) Fair, near the site of the
brutal 1964 murders of three civil rights workers. Speaking to the white
audience on the 24th anniversary of the discovery of the bodies, he made only
one oblique reference to the incident and did not mention the victims' names in
calling for an end to "the barriers to opportunity for all our people."

Tonight, in contrast, Dukakis invoked the names of the four victims of the
church bombing in calling for "the moral leadership we need to banish racial and
religious violence forever from this country."

Dukakis quoted slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and his rival
for the Democratic nomination, Jesse L. Jackson, in his speech tonight. He told
his enthusiastic, largely black audience:

"I am proud to be here tonight with hundreds of brave men and women in this
congregation who have marched, fought and struggled against all odds to create a
better world not only for your children but for all children everywhere. You are
true American heroes."

Earlier today in Miami Beach, Dukakis charged that the administration's antidrug
effort was in "chaos" and said that Bush's proposals to combat drugs were a
prescription for "repeating failure." He also accused the administration of
"stonewalling" because of its reported refusal to cooperate with a General
Accounting Office investigation into the way intelligence information on the
drug-related activities of Panamanian military strongman Manuel Antonio Noriega
was handled.

"Who in this administration is in charge of this war?" Dukakis said. "So far it
has been a committee headed by a discredited attorney general who has now left."

En route here, Dukakis stopped in Huntsville, Ala., where he toured the Marshall
Space Flight Center and reiterated his promise to support the development of a
permanently manned space station.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MICHAEL DUKAKIS TOURS A MOCKUP OF SPACE STATION MODULE IN
HUNTSVILLE WITH ALABAMA'S REP. RONNIE G. FLIPPO AND SEN. HOWELL T. HEFLIN, IN
FAR BACKGROUND. AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              423 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           September 27, 2004, Monday

Terror goes back years

SECTION: Features; 16

LENGTH: 150 words


From Mr Rory Mackay.

Sir, I note from Radio Times that BBC1's new "shocking drama" Dirty War intends
"to bring the horror of a terrorist strike to life". While not in any way
attempting to belittle what happened on 9/11, perhaps we ought to remember that
the British people need no lessons in terrorist attacks. Have we so soon
forgotten Guildford, Birmingham, Brighton, Aldershot, Warrington, Manchester and
Canary Wharf and the innumerable bombings in Northern Ireland? The British
people for thirty years were subjected to a sustained attack If one quarter of
the safeguards now in place had been imposed then, much suffering might have
been avoided, and some of those in Northern Ireland now attempting to portray
themselves as legitimate politicians might have been consigned to oblivion.

Yours faithfully, RORY MACKAY, 6 Copse End, Fleet, Hampshire GU51 4EQ.

September 22.


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              424 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 26, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Billie's Variations

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 4;  Column 4;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 203 words


To the Editor:

In the middle of an otherwise excellent review of Stuart Nicholson's biography
of Billie Holiday (Oct. 29), Ned Rorem betrays a surprising ignorance of the
difference between jazz and classical performances and, in the process, unfairly
belittles jazz performances. He ridicules Mr. Nicholson's claim that Holiday's
"grasp and understanding of form and structure were such that they also brought
great symmetry to her vocal variations, and the best are minor miracles of
organizing harmonic and rhythmic ideas." Mr. Rorem states: "Such claims are
irrelevant -- these are the attributes of composers, not of interpreters. A
'grasp . . . of form' has nothing to do with performing, only with making."

An improvised set of variations by a jazz singer like Billie Holiday or Sarah
Vaughan or a jazz instrumentalist like Bill Evans or John Coltrane not only
involves a recomposition of the tune on which it is based but stands, in its
entirety, as a new formal structure. Such a performance is fundamentally
different from a classical performer's interpretation of a song or an
instrumental composition and in fact is closer to what classical composers do.

GEORGE RITCHIE
Lincoln, Neb.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              425 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 17, 2010 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GIANTS' WIN A HAIR-RAISER! LINCECUM SHAKES OFF PHILLY TAUNTS, TOPS HALLADAY IN
OPENER

BYLINE: BY ANDY MARTINO DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 628 words


PHILADELPHIA - They whistled like construction workers from an earlier era, the
unenlightened segment of the Phillies' fan base who decided last night that 1)
Tim Lincecum's long hair made him look like a woman and 2) it is OK to whistle
at women.

"I was thinking I must have really had a nice butt, because I heard a lot of
them," a grinning Lincecum said after besting Roy Halladay. The puckish pitcher
and his San Francisco Giants defeated the favored Phillies, 4-3, and took a 1-0
lead in the National League Championship Series.

The Phils are a juggernaut, the two-time defending NL champions whose fans felt
confident enough to belittle a Cy Young Award winner. Unfortunately for the home
team, their taunts served as motivation.

"It kind of hypes you up a little bit," Lincecum said. "You're fighting a lot
more than the Philly team. It's the whole Philly atmosphere."

That atmosphere was heightened from the outset last night, because of the
much-hyped matchup. Halladay and Lincecum made their postseason debuts this
month with sparkling division series performances, gems that stirred arguments
about which was more impressive: the former's eight-strikeout no-hitter against
Cincinnati, or the latter's 14-strikeout two-hitter against Atlanta.

There was no debate, however, that neither marquee ace came near a masterpiece
in last night's opener. Lincecum, though, was good enough to defeat an excellent
team.

For all the hype regarding Halladay (seven innings, eight hits, four runs) and
Lincecum (seven innings, six hits, three runs), hitters defined the evening -
particularly Cody Ross. The right fielder, claimed on waivers from Florida on
Aug. 21, knocked two home runs off Halladay to become an unlikely slugger,
batting eighth.

"We were supposed to lose," said closer Brian Wilson, who earned the save with 1
1/3 scoreless innings. "But we played our game tonight."

That reality quickly sent the Phillies to a vulnerable place. Their rotation of
Halladay, Roy Oswalt and Cole Hamels made them the favorite to win the World
Series, but if Oswalt loses today, the Phils will fly to San Francisco with a
suddenly small chance of advancing.

Phillies manager Charlie Manuel was agitated after the loss. "We have got to hit
better, and we need to score some runs, of course," he said. "We've got to come
out and win tomorrow's game."

They face a defiant Giants team, comfortable in its underdog persona. Lincecum
leaned back in a chair in front of his locker after the win, noticeably more
relaxed than during a sometimes awkward press conference the day before, when he
fidgeted and evaded questions. Success in a hostile environment clearly agreed
with him.

At one point the pitcher's cell phone rang, and he reached back to retrieve it
from the shelf behind him.

"I've got to take this," he said, cameras and microphones surrounding him. Then,
after an impeccably-timed pause: "Just kidding."

He was serious a few moments later, when discussing the character of his team,
which lacks offensive star power but plans to challenge the mighty Phils.

"We're fighters," he said. "A lot of heartfelt games. A lot invested in those .
. ."

Lincecum stopped talking then, and appeared to complete the thought in his mind.
He shook his head, smiled and waited for the next question.

GRAPHIC: PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES VS. SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS

NLCS

Giants lead 1-0

Game 1: Giants 4, Phillies 3

Game 2: Giants (Sanchez 13-9) at Phillies (Oswalt 13-13),

8:19 p.m. tonight

Game 3: Phillies (Hamels

12-11) at Giants (Cain 13-11),

4:19 p.m. Tuesday

Game 4: Phillies at Giants,

7:57 p.m. Wednesday

Game 5: Phillies at Giants,

7:57 p.m. Thursday*

Game 6: Giants at Phillies,

TBA Saturday, Oct. 23*

Game 7: Giants at Phillies,

7:57 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 24*

All games Ch. 5, *-if necessary

Twitter.com/SurfingTheMets

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;SPORTS STATISTIC, City of Brotherly Love gives Tim Lincecum
special playoff welcome but fails to get in ace's hair in Game 1. Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              426 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday

Immigration debate: fight brewing between ACLU and Nebraska town;
Immigration debate is focusing on a new law in Fremont, Neb. It prevents
businesses from hiring illegal immigrants and landlords from renting to them.
The ACLU will challenge the law, which is similar to laws passed by at least a
few dozen other towns nationwide.

BYLINE: Amanda Paulson Staff writer

LENGTH: 781 words


Immigration debate in Fremont, Neb., has made it the latest town to decide to
take immigration enforcement into its own hands.

On Monday, 57 percent of voters in the 25,000-person town in eastern Nebraska
helped pass a law that would bar businesses from hiring illegal immigrants or
landlords from renting to them.

In doing so, it joins Hazelton, Pa.; Riverside, N.J.; Valley Park, Mo.; and at
least a few dozen other towns that have passed laws targeting undocumented
immigrants. The ordinances have generally faced lawsuits, and the American Civil
Liberties Union (ACLU) in Nebraska has already declared its intention to fight
the Fremont bill.

"An ordinance of this kind is a true indication of the frustration some
communities feel, and I don't belittle that feeling," says Laurel Marsh,
executive director of ACLU Nebraska. "That being said, I believe it violates the
supremacy clause of the United States."

Ms. Marsh argues that two main problems exist with the law: that setting
immigration policy is solely a federal function, and that the 14th Amendment
guarantees due process to all people in the US, not just citizens.

And so far, many cities - including ones like Hazelton and Farmers Branch, Tex.,
which have tried to restrict landlords' abilities to rent to illegal immigrants
- have had laws struck down by federal courts, though they remain on appeal.

Legal costs

The cost of fighting such lawsuits has also caused some communities - like
Riverside, N.J. - to drop the measures, and was a major argument of those
inFremont who opposed the referendum.

"In a community of 25,000, it's going to be hard to take on the whole country,
and it will be costly to do so," Fremont City Councilman Scott Getzschman told
the Associated Press.

But such laws continue to crop up in communities around the country - a measure,
say many, of the frustration that many Americans feel with the lack of federal
immigration enforcement and with the burdens illegal immigration places on their
towns.

"The feds aren't doing their job," says Mark Krikorian, executive director of
the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates restricting immigration.
"It's a sign of the public frustration, and you're going to see more and more of
this sort of thing."

Those on the other side of the immigration debate agree with that basic
assessment, and say that they hope that measures like Fremont's, as well as the
law passed in Arizona last month, will spur Congress to again take up the issue.

"You have Republicans who would rather stand in the way of changes that the
public is demanding to federal immigration policy, and therefore allow towns
like Fremont to take matters into their own hands, which does nothing to solve
the problem," says Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration
Forum, an immigrant advocacy organization.

Such ordinances are dangerous, he says, since "they lead to discrimination of
people who look or sound like immigrants."

How Fremont got here

In Fremont, the city council actually first took up the proposal two years ago,
but it was defeated after the mayor cast a tiebreaking vote against the law,
saying he believed that legally, such bans were only enforceable by the federal
government. Outraged residents gathered enough petition signatures to put the
issue to a vote.

As with many of the towns that have passed anti-immigrant laws, Fremont has seen
an influx of immigrants in recent years, with a Hispanic population that has
grown to about 2,000 people (up from less than 200 in 1990), many of whom work
at nearby meatpacking plants.

Under the new law, prospective tenants would be required to apply for a license
from the city and to document that they're in the country legally. Employers
would be required to use the federal E-Verify database to ensure they don't hire
an undocumented immigrant.

Despite the fact that similar measures have been struck down by other courts,
the legal challenges are on far from solid ground, says Michael Hethmon, general
counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute, which helped write the law
that has been the model for Fremont and other cities.

He points to the fact that the law in Valley Park - which included the employer
part of the Fremont law - was upheld by a federal circuit court.

In particular, Mr. Hethmon rejects the notion that the 14th Amendment would make
such laws unconstitutional.

"This is a huge constitutional crisis," he says. "It involves the meaning of
citizenship and who gets to decide it."

Related:

Obama, Arizona Gov. Brewer face off over illegal immigration

Arizona immigration law: two rallies, two very different views

Arizona immigration law and illegal immigrants: state of extremes

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            November 8, 2005 Tuesday

Does race help the elite athlete excel?

BYLINE: Phillip Milano

SECTION: DARE TO ASK; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 506 words


QUESTION

Is there a physical difference between the races that would allow certain races
to perform better at certain sports? For example, how many world-class sprinters
are white?

Casey, 22, white, Reston, Va.

REPLIES

It is not PC to suggest genetic differences between races. You are starting to
think outside the box the U.S. media has established for us.

Sid, 34, white, Birmingham, Ala.

To excel in sports requires enormous work. Searching for a racial anatomical
difference belittles the training and practice these athletes undergo. After
black sprinters began to win races, the press mused that perhaps blacks were
good at sprinting, but that whites were better suited for distance running. Then
blacks began to win marathons. The old myths developed to explain away black
successes do not stand up to analysis.

R. Stewart, black, Chicago

EXPERT SAYS

Whenever a football coach claims black athletes are faster than white ones --
the Air Force Academy's Fisher DeBerry was guilty of it the other week -- we
know readers will run (some very slowly) to Dare to Ask for facts.

Pundits, including Times-Union columnists, say speed is all about hard work and
dedication. That it's goofy or worse to say genetics play a role.

But we're not talking about pitting Mike Freeman against Dan Hicken in the 100
(for all we know, Donna Hicken would kick their respective aspirations). We are
talking, according to researcher Jon Entine, only about elite athletes.

Entine, a journalist, pored over scientific studies for his book Taboo: Why
Black Athletes Dominate Sports and Why We're Afraid to Talk About It (Public
Affairs). He learned that different subgroups of people developed different body
characteristics over time relative to their terrain and living conditions. "It's
not an issue of race, it's about population genetics," Entine said. "Certain
body types tend to do better in certain sports than others. It's not
controversial unless you put it in racial terms."

For example, West Africans tend to have more-developed fast-twitch muscles
(necessary for fast burst activity), less body fat, longer arms and legs
relative to the torso, and smaller lung capacity (for greater sprinting
efficiency). Eurasian people have bigger torsos and shorter arms, which makes
them better at strength events such as weightlifting. And on and on with other
groups.

Entine's critics say performance differences among the so-called "races" fall
along cultural and environmental lines, and that using genetics as the primary
reason discounts individual effort, opportunity, self-image, discipline,
interests and expectations.

Yes, Entine responds, individual athletes of any race can perform at top levels
in various sports if they work hard, have great coaching and use their smarts.
But some groups of people on average are more suited to certain sports and tend
to do better at the very highest levels, where a tenth of a second is a huge
difference.

"The coach touched a nerve . . . but the truth is that 494 of the top 500
100-meter times in the world are held by a person of central West African
ancestry."

Phillip Milano, author of I Can't Believe You Asked That! (Perigee), moderates
cross-cultural dialogue at Y? The National Forum on People's Differences. Visit
www.yforum.com to submit questions, answers and comments, or mail to Phillip
Milano, c/o The Florida Times-Union, P.O. Box 1949, Jacksonville, FL 32231.
Include contact information.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                              428 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 5, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Weidman: Silva 'just another guy to me'

BYLINE: John Morgan, @MMAjunkieJohn, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 706 words


By near consensus, UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva is the greatest
fighter in the history of mixed martial arts. His UFC 162 opponent, Chris
Weidman, doesn't disagree, but that could make victory all the sweeter.

"I have a lot to showcase, and I'm excited," Weidman said. "Against Anderson
Silva, I get to demonstrate what I've been doing in the gym and what I've been
dying to show other people. It's a huge platform for me to come out looking like
'The Man.'"

The Silva-Weidman title fight headlines the five-bout main card of UFC 162 on
Saturday at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas (pay-per-view, 10p.m. ET).

Weidman (9-0 MMA, 5-0 UFC) looks to accomplish what 14 UFC opponents have failed
to do in 16 tries: enter the octagon and defeat Silva (33-4, 16-0).

Weidman, 29, who didn't begin his pro career until Silva had already defended
the UFC belt four times, isn't trying to belittle the Brazilian's
accomplishments. However, Weidman has noticed a prevalent pattern in many of
Silva's other wins, and he refuses to conform to the plan.

"Anderson has definitely beat a lot of guys before they even walked in the
cage," Weidman  said. "He has a certain reputation that he's earned for himself,
and he deserves that because he's beat the crap out of guys for a while. But
he's not going to have that with me.

"I'm not going down because I'm not confident and just want to see how I do in
there. I'm in there to win this fight, and that's it. I'm going for the finish.
There's nothing he could do or say that's going to stop me. He's just another
guy to me that I'm trying to tear through."

Weidman's confidence isn't entirely unfounded. He was a two-time NCAA Division I
All-America wrestler at Hofstra University and quickly has become a jiujitsu
wizard under the tutelage of renowned instructors Matt Serra and Renzo Gracie.
Adding to his mental strength is a bachelor's degree in psychology.

What's more, Weidman's grappling-based style is reminiscent of the core
strengths that Silva's nemesis, wrestler Chael Sonnen, brought to the cage for a
pair of title fights. Although the champ soundly defeated Sonnen in the rematch,
the pair's initial 2010 meeting proved Silva's most difficult UFC challenge to
date.

Largely for that reason, it seems, Weidman is a fashionable underdog heading
into UFC 162. Weidman said he appreciated the Sonnen comparisons but thought
that evaluation might actually be selling him short.

"I appreciate what they're saying, but I also feel like I haven't  gotten to
show a lot of what I can do," he said.

Weidman said his training camp was the most professionally handled fight prep of
his career, with coaching guru John Danaher laying out training schedules well
in advance.

Additionally, a number of noted strikers -- including three-time UFC veteran and
kickboxing extraordinaire Stephen Thompson and former national boxing champion
Adam Willett -- stopped by to mimic Silva's trademark attacks. But Weidman says
he ultimately thinks the tweaks to practice won't be responsible for his
victory.

"There are no tricks," Weidman said. "It just comes down to every day, no matter
who you're going with or what you're doing, working as hard as you possibly can.
I did that before this camp, and now I just did it a little smarter. But I still
did the same thing: Every time I come in, I just work as hard as I can."

For the last seven years, Silva has looked largely invincible during an
incredible 16-fight UFC winning streak. Weidman is a relative MMA neophyte, but
his skill set might indeed be exactly what it takes to topple the man whom most
consider the best ever. But if the challenger falls short, it won't be because
he fails to recognize the importance of the moment, and it certainly won't be
because he doubts his chances.

"I'm prepared for a full five-round absolute war with things going his way and
against me, just so I can battle through it and show heart, almost show a
Frankie Edgar-like heart," said Weidman, referring to  the UFC's gritty
ex-lightweight champ.

"I'm ready for that, but I'm also ready to take him down and submit him away.
I'm ready to punch him in the face and knock him out. That would be ideal. But
either way, a victory is good for me."

Morgan also writes for MMAjunkie.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports "There are no tricks (to winning),"
middleweight Chris Weidman says. "I just work as hard as I can."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

LEACH DENIES ALLEGATIONS

BYLINE: WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: SPORTS; COLLEGE FOOTBALL NOTEBOOK; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 125 words


Washington State football coach and former Oklahoma assistant Mike Leach denied
his players are subjected to any type of abuse, as alleged by star receiver
Marquess Wilson.

Wilson made the allegations in a letter he released Saturday in which he quit
the team and also complained that the coaching staff would "belittle, intimidate
and humiliate us."

Leach said during his regular Monday meeting with reporters: "There is no truth
about it at all." He described Wilson as a disgruntled player.

Tulsa player wins C-USA award

University of Tulsa defensive end Cory Dorris is the Conference USA Defensive
Player of the Week.

Dorris had two sacks, a fumble recovery and an interception return for a
touchdown in Tulsa's 41-7 win over Houston on Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday

Opinion - Letter from America - Bhutto assassination lays bare leadership
qualities

BYLINE: Ray O'Hanlon

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 732 words


When you stand in a field of frosty corn stubble in Iowa, how far away is Iraq?
How far away is Pakistan? The Iowa Caucuses, being held across the mid-western
state tomorrow, announce the official opening of the full bore presidential
election season.

For months now the registered voters of this mostly rural place have been
peppered with ideas, accusations and counterpoints thrown at one another by the
presidential hopefuls in both main parties. Just hours from now the numbers will
be in and the spotlight will be on New Hampshire, more than a thousand miles to
the east. And what will be left behind once the circus has packed up and gone?

A lot of people scratching heir heads and wondering precisely what indeed all
that was about. The primary and caucus process is a staple of American democracy
and in so many ways a wonder to behold in a world where the idea of democracy is
loudly spoken of, but then ignored or abused. Thus far, the Republican and
Democratic candidates have done their best to belittle their opponents, both
within their own and in the opposition party.

Some of the postulations and mutterings of the candidates have been downright
ridiculous, or even worse.

But everybody walks away from this thing alive. The streets of Iowa's small
towns and cities have been spared protest and riot. The most visible lingering
effect is campaign literature and posters blowing in the wind like so much
tumbleweed.

But the world isn't all that far away from Iowa anymore. On a day when the
dominant photograph from the Iowa campaign was one of Republican Mike Huckabee
proudly displaying a pheasant he had just bagged, the world was presented with
the final snapshot of a living Benazir Bhutto. The story sent the big media
outlets into overdrive and the candidates were obliged to respond to an event in
a place that seemed, and in so many ways was, a universe away from Des Moines.

Senator Joe Biden, one of the Democratic Party outsiders, has a long resume on
the Senate foreign relations committee and thus was able to deliver his response
with what sounded like genuine knowledge and experience.

Fellow Democrat Bill Richardson's past career includes a stint in diplomacy so
Pakistan was no stranger to him. He called for a suspension of US aid. Barack
Obama called for a suspension of "some" aid while Hillary Clinton wanted an
independent investigation into the events in Rawalpindi.

Over on the Republican side, Mike Huckabee seemed a little confused over
Pakistani geography as he spoke of the war against terror on Pakistan's western
border when the fighting is on its eastern flank. John McCain praised Pakistani
leader Pervez Musharraf for being an honest man while Rudolph Giuliani went into
full 9/11 mode warning, while campaigning in Florida, about what the big bad
dangerous world we all lived in.

The Bhutto assassination was, The New York Times reported, one of those rare
things in a presidential race, "an unscripted unexpected moment that lays bare a
candidate's leadership qualities and geopolitical smarts".

Most of the candidates in both parties came through this unscripted moment more
or less unscathed though their verbal reactions are unlikely to sway too many
Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary voters from paths already chosen.

Mike Huckabee, the pheasant bagger, did however take a couple of hits. The
shooting photo-op had been a dart aimed primarily at Mitt Romney who, Huckabee's
campaign was suggesting, would not be nearly as good a protector of American gun
culture from the hide that is the Oval Office.

Previous comments and gaffes by Huckabee on Pakistan were, nevertheless and not
surprisingly, played up in some press reports. Huckabee, for example, had stated
that other than Mexicans and others from Latin America, Pakistanis were the
largest national group illegally crossing into the US from Mexico.

This is far from being the case but in the stampede for primary votes Huckabee's
contention that a fence along the Mexican border should be erected with
Pakistani nationals in mind would have dovetailed with some Iowa voters whose
television screens were filled for a couple of days with chaotic pictures from
Pakistan itself.

Accuracy, though demanded when a pheasant is in the crosshairs, is not always
necessary in the last lap of a caucus contest. Whether Mike Huckabee is on
target even when he is not will be clear by tomorrow night.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Republican rivals slug it out in fight for the last word

BYLINE: Simon Mann HERALD CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 455 words


WASHINGTON: Seven candidates for the Republican Party's nomination for president
took the gloves off and dispensed with niceties, turning their latest televised
debate into a version of fight night in Las Vegas. Heavyweight Mitt Romney, the
former Massachusetts governor, took blows over his state healthcare reform that
critics belittle as "Obamacare-lite" and also over allegations his family once
employed illegal immigrant labour. And the rivals rounded on the "9-9-9" tax
proposal of rank outsider-turned popular choice Herman Cain, citing assessments
by tax experts who concluded it would lead to higher taxes for more than 80 per
cent of Americans while delivering tax cuts to millionaires.

Mr Cain, a former pizza chain executive, responded unconvincingly that his
opponents were mixing "apples with oranges". But by far the most feisty
exchanges were between Mr Romney and Rick Perry, the Texas Governor whose
campaign rivals Mr Romney's for fund-raising clout and who many commentators
believe is the chief obstacle to Mr Romney winning the nomination. The normally
even-tempered former venture capitalist was clearly annoyed when Mr Perry
recycled allegations that he had hired "illegals". "Mitt, you lose all of your
standing, from my perspective, because you hired illegals in your home and you
knew about it for a year," Mr Perry said. "And the idea that you stand here
before us and talk about that you're strong on immigration is on its face the
height of hypocrisy." When Mr Perry refused to allow Mr Romney to respond, the
latter read the riot act. Mr Romney told Mr Perry, who lined up with him on the
platform at a Las Vegas casino: "This is the way the rules work here ... I get
60 seconds and then you get 30 seconds to respond. Right?" The squabble
continued with Mr Romney finally telling Mr Perry: "You have a problem with
allowing someone to finish speaking. And I suggest that if you want to become
president of the United States, you have got to let both people speak. So first,
let me speak." Rick Santorum, a former senator from Pennsylvania, also attacked
Mr Romney over his Massachusetts healthcare plan. Mr Santorum implied Mr Romney
had lied when he said he had never prescribed the reform nationally. "You just
don't have credibility, Mitt, when it comes to repealing Obamacare," Mr Santorum
said, adding that Mr Romney could not be trusted. The eighth debate - and last
for at least a month - produced few revelations and at times degenerated into
chaos as the candidates spoke over one another as well as the moderator, the CNN
anchor Anderson Cooper, with the former House of Representatives speaker Newt
Gingrich concluding: "Maximising bickering is probably not the road to the White
House."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Newt Gingrich ... call for calm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 16, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Patriots Once Again Bring the Mountain to Peyton Manning

BYLINE: By DAMON HACK

SECTION: Section 8; Column 1; Sports Desk; FOOTBALL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1182 words

DATELINE: FOXBORO, Mass., Jan. 15


With his wife fast asleep, Peyton Manning tiptoes downstairs to watch game film
of football's subtle movements. The film runs backward and forward, Peyton
Manning watching Peyton Manning, dissecting every nuance of the sport now
imprinted on his DNA.

He was the same way as a child, pestering his high school coaches for game tapes
to scour and defenses to decode, a young quarterback in the role of old
cryptographer.

''You watch the previous games you've played,'' Manning said this week about the
process of preparing for the New England Patriots, the team that has defeated
the Indianapolis Colts eight straight games here. ''You watch the other games
they've played in the regular season. You prepare for things you think you might
see, and for something different. You have to be prepared to adjust on the
run.''

Manning must know the film does not lie. With the Colts' offense clicking and
with the Patriots' defense ailing, he has never been in a better position to
overcome New England.

What happens on the Gillette Stadium turf Sunday in an American Football
Conference divisional playoff game will ultimately tell the tale of Manning's
season. A victory confirms a dominant year. A defeat almost belittles it.

Though New England has been his indomitable mountain, the 28-year-old Manning
may never own better crampons to scale it. He has three receivers in their prime
and a running back who logged 1,548 yards. He has the muscle memory from
throwing a record 49 touchdown passes, a feat affixed to his season like a
first-place ribbon.

New England will be without the injured cornerbacks Tyrone Poole and Ty Law. It
was Law who intercepted Manning three times in last season's A.F.C. championship
game, a 24-14 New England victory.

Even the weather should cooperate, at least until the second half, when snow is
possible; temperatures are expected to be in the low 30's.

''And since the officials are calling penalties on the defensive backs now, they
can't get away with it anymore,'' Len Dawson, the former Kansas City Chiefs
quarterback and the most valuable player of Super Bowl IV, said in a telephone
interview.

It was last year, during the championship game here, that the Patriots buried
the Colts in a blizzard, bodying receivers at every opportunity and, ultimately,
prompting league officials to enforce the illegal contact rule more strictly
this season. The rule prohibits defenders from bumping receivers 5 yards beyond
the line of scrimmage.

''If the Patriots can't manhandle those guys, if they have to do it on talent,
they might have to play more zone coverage,'' Dawson said. ''Manning can pick
that apart. Nobody prepares for a game better. He's intelligent enough to take a
look at what happened last year and make sure it doesn't happen this year. I
think the Colts have an excellent chance to win.''

Dawson, though, offered a caveat.

''In one way, he's like everyone else,'' he said. ''If you get in his face,
decision-making gets clouded up. And if he's on his back, it gets even harder.''

Manning, asked how the rule enforcement aided him this season, said he did not
detect much difference. To him, the big numbers posted by receivers Marvin
Harrison, Reggie Wayne and Brandon Stokley were a function of the growth of his
team.

''I know people have pointed out the number of calls and statistics showing a
change, but that's not for me to analyze,'' said Manning, who won his second
consecutive Most Valuable Player award this season (he shared it in 2003) but is
still seeking his first trip to the Super Bowl. ''The work ethic of all of them
is great. They have always reported to the minicamps and training camps in good
shape. They don't take a Wednesday practice off here and there. They are always
out there practicing.''

The leaguewide praise of Manning has been breathless at times, loud enough to
penetrate even the sturdy walls of the Patriots' practice facility.

By the end of the week, the Patriots had heard every question about Manning
asked in every possible way. New England's strengths -- including quarterback
Tom Brady's skills, Bill Belichick's coaching ingenuity -- seemed to blur into
the background. That feeling of being underappreciated seemed to extend upstairs
to the office of the Patriots' owner, Robert K. Kraft.

''Tommy has gotten a fair amount of praise, but when you look at what's going
on, with all of these people being lionized, I think Bill and he and the rest of
the team have really done some remarkable things,'' Kraft said.

''The guys really look at this place as their home. Peyton and the Colts are at
an apex, but this is also the fifth year of Bill's system. If we win this game,
it will be quite an accomplishment.''

Rodney Harrison, the veteran safety shepherding New England's young secondary,
says the Patriots own what Manning so desperately wants -- a Super Bowl title.

''Nothing really matters unless you win at the end,'' he said. ''I've had some
huge seasons when I've been at home in January watching the playoffs and it
meant nothing. I know Peyton. He has the M.V.P.'s, the All-Pros, the Pro Bowls,
but his ultimate goal is that he wants to win a championship, and that's the
ultimate goal for great players.''

New England linebacker Mike Vrabel called Manning's 49 touchdown passes beyond
compare.

''Now, how he is going to measure this season in February, March, I don't
know,'' he said. ''You are judged by championships. When we were able to get on
that streak and finish it off with a championship, it meant a lot more.''

New England's undermanned defense notwithstanding, the Patriots say it is their
system that makes them strong.

Belichick has spent his career as a coach and defensive coordinator cooking up
schemes to befuddle the most explosive of offenses, keeping quarterbacks from
throwing over the top of a secondary.

Even with a combination of inexperienced defensive backs, including Eugene
Wilson, Asante Samuel, receiver Troy Brown and the undrafted rookie Randall Gay,
Belichick will mix and match depending on the situation.

In last season's A.F.C. championship, the defensive backs, led by Law, plugged
up holes with quick feet and hands that knocked the ball -- or the Colts -- off
course. In Week 1 this season, with the rule enforcement in place, the Patriots
still defeated Indianapolis here, 27-24.

Grabbing at a receiver's jersey is only one way to make a statement.

''You still have to go back to playing technique, which is, for us, playing
physical,'' Vrabel said. ''The disruption of rhythm could be getting a
quarterback to move his feet in the pocket, getting him to slide over three
feet, getting a receiver two yards off his route, jamming a receiver. There are
a lot of different things that go into rhythm.''

Belichick, no doubt plotting his next move, said Manning had probably seen every
conceivable defense anyway. Manning responded that, in just his seventh season,
he still had things to learn in the N.F.L.

It sounded like a quarterback preparing for more study, searching for a road to
the Super Bowl, and a coach moving chess pieces to block his path.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Peyton Manning after one of his four interceptions in last
season's A.F.C. title game. The Colts have lost eight straight road games to the
Patriots. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              433 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Republicans counterattack against 'sexism'; Palin 'smears'. Heavyweights target
press

BYLINE: STEVEN EDWARDS, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, Minn.


The McCain campaign launched a ferocious counter-attack against what they called
"falsehoods and smears" about Alaska Governor Sarah Palin yesterday.

The Republicans dispatched party heavyweights to speak out in support of the
vice-presidential candidate and released an ad that belittles Democratic rival
Barack Obama's experience.

The campaign charged the media had been complicit in gratuitous sexism, and
leading female Republicans said they would not stand idly by without hitting
back.

Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani toured TV networks yesterday to vigorously
promote Palin's suitability as John McCain's running mate.

Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman and Congressman Eric Cantor also scheduled a
news conference calling on Obama to condemn one of his spokesmen who - the
McCain camp says - implied Palin was no friend of Jews.

The implication was based on her "one-time" support for controversial TV pundit
Pat Buchanan's former presidential bid.

"Palin was a supporter of (MSNBC analyst) Pat Buchanan, a right-winger or as
many Jews call him: a Nazi sympathizer," Obama spokesman Mark Bubriski wrote in
an email.

The onslaught got under way as McCain arrived in St. Paul, Minn., for the
Republican National Convention, where he will accept the nomination today.

Democrats have pushed to turn the swirl of rumours and potentially problematic
revelations surrounding McCain's pick of Palin - a first-term governor and
former small-town mayor - into an indictment of his ability to make sound
judgments.

McCain had met her just twice when he named her as his running mate last Friday,
leading critics to charge he acted hastily to appease the party's conservatives,
who are thrilled with her socially conservative stances that include opposition
to abortion and support for gun ownership rights.

As part of the counter-offensive yesterday, Steven Schmidt, senior McCain
adviser, declared the campaign will answer no more questions about how she was
vetted.

"Her selection came after a six-month-long rigorous vetting process where her
extraordinary credentials and exceptionalism became clear," Schmidt said in a
statement.

"This vetting controversy is a faux media scandal designed to destroy the first
female Republican nominee for vice-president of the United States who has never
been a part of the old boys' network that has come to dominate the news
establishment in this country."

Giuliani, who himself vied for the nomination before endorsing McCain, argued in
his TV appearances Palin's experience stacks up against Obama's, and charged the
attacks on the mother-of-five were sexist.

"Barack Obama has never governed a city, never governed a state, never governed
an agency, never run a military unit, never run anything," he told The Morning
Show on CBS.

"So why are all these questions for her? Has anybody ever asked Barack Obama,
can you bring up your two kids and be president of the United States? They are
asking 'Can she be vice president and be a mother?' Come on."

The campaign issued a list of allegedly sexist attacks on Palin that included
comments by TV hosts and print journalists suggesting she wouldn't be able to
meet the demands of office while also trying to raise her children.

"The Republican party will not stand by in the face of sexist smears," Carly
Fiorina, chairwoman of RNC Victory 2008, said as she and other prominent female
McCain-Palin supporters hosted a news conference at the convention.

Rosario Marin, former U.S. treasurer, focused on now-disproved Internet rumours
claiming Bristol was the mother of Palin's fifth child, a boy born with Down
syndrome born in April.

"As the mother of a child with Down syndrome, I am offended that the media has
made much to do about that," she said.

"I am also a former mayor (like Palin) and who better than her

to understand the challenges of trying to balance career and family?"

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: BLOOMBERG NEWS; Carly Fiorina: Party "won't stand by." ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Trump draws rebuke for comments on slain Muslim soldier's family

LENGTH: 606  words


Khizr Khan, the father of deceased Muslim US Capt. Humayun Khan, delivers
remarks on the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells
Fargo Center, July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His wife Ghazala Khan
is standing with him. (AFP photo)

US GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has drawn condemnation from both
Republicans and Democrats over his comments against the Muslim family of an
American soldier killed in Iraq.

On Thursday night, Khizr Khan addressed the Democratic National Convention,
denouncing Trump as unpatriotic and selfish over his statements against
immigrants and Muslims.

In an interview with ABC News that will be broadcast on Sunday, the billionaire
businessman tried to belittle Khan and his wife Ghazala, saying that the slain
soldier's father had delivered the entire speech because his mother was not
"allowed" to speak.

And, in an interview with New York Times writer Maureen Dowd, Trump said, "I'd
like to hear his wife say something."

Trump's comments attracted rebuke from both sides of the aisle and intensified
calls for Republican leaders to distance themselves from the White House
contender.

A spokesperson for Paul Ryan, the speaker of the House of Representatives,
slammed Trump's rhetoric about Muslims.

"The speaker has made clear many times that he rejects this idea, and himself
has talked about how Muslim Americans have made the ultimate sacrifice for this
country," AshLee Strong said in a statement.

In the ABC News interview, Trump claimed he has made "a lot of sacrifices for
America" in response to Khan's comments that the real estate tycoon has
sacrificed nothing for his country.

"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created
thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great
structures. I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot," he said.

Donald Trump addresses supporters at the Gallogly Events Center in Colorado
Springs, Colorado, on July 29, 2016. (AFP photo)

Some Democrats and Republicans said Trump's comments were in poor taste.

Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton issued a statement saluting the Muslim
couple.

"I was very moved to see Ghazala Khan stand bravely and with dignity support of
her son on Thursday night. And I was very moved to hear her speak last night,
bravely and with dignity, about her son's life and the ultimate sacrifice he
made for his country," Clinton said in a statement, referring to remarks Ghazala
Khan made on Friday night on a TV channel.

"This is a time for all Americans to stand with the Khans, and with all the
families whose children have died in service to our country. And it is a time to
honor the sacrifice of Captain Khan and all the fallen. Captain Khan and his
family represent the best of America, and we salute them," Clinton said.

Tim Miller, a former communications director for Jeb Bush's presidential
campaign, described Trump's remarks as "inhuman."

"Her son is dead. This is inhuman," he tweeted.

Former Republican candidate John Kasich also condemned Trump over his comments,
saying he has "no redeeming qualities."

"There's only one way to talk about Gold Star parents: with honor and respect,"
Kasich tweeted. "Capt. Khan is a hero. Together, we should pray for his family."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/81/146996001527.jpg

Khizr Khan, the father of deceased Muslim US Capt. Humayun Khan, delivers
remarks on the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells
Fargo Center, July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His wife Ghazala Khan
is standing with him. (AFP photo)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/38/146996001819.jpg



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 28, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

AT THE MOVIES;
FILM PREVIEWS, SCHEDULES AND CAPSULE REVIEWS

SECTION: GET OUT, Pg. 13

LENGTH: 497 words



FILMS OPENING FRIDAY

Girlfight

(R; 1:50)

Diana Guzman (Michelle Rodriguez) is a young girl with big dreams and a tough
life who settles disagreements with her fists. Amid problems at school, an
alcoholic father who belittles her and a lonely social life, she searches for
respect, love and a challenge. She finds herself when she walks into the local
gym and climbs into the boxing ring. She begins training against her father's
will, finds a skeptical, chauvinistic trainer to take her under his wing and
eventually earns the gym's championship for female boxers.

TIVOLI

Dark Days

(Not rated; 1:30)

For five years, including a two-year residency, film director Marc Singer
documented the men and women who forged a precarious community deep in the
railroad tunnels beneath Manhattan. Here, Singer documents the homeless and the
various miseries that brought them to this existence in what one reviewer
describes as a "subterranean Hooverville." Shot in 16mm black and white, the
film shows the underground shantytown through the eyes of the tunnel refugees.
The residents find it less threatening than the streets, subways and homeless
shelters. The film ends in the late 1990s, when Amtrak evicts the squatters and
the Coalition for the Homeless finds them housing above ground.

TIVOLI

Remember the Titans

(PG; 1:53)

High school football is everything to the people of Alexandria, Va. But in 1971,
when the local school board is forced to integrate an all-black school with an
all-white school, the foundation of football's great tr adition is put to the
test. Herman Boone (Denzel Washington) is brought up from South Carolina and
hired as head coach of the T.C. Williams High Titans over Bill Yoast (Will
Patton), a coach with several years' seniority and a steadfast following. The
two soon learn to work together and find that they have much more in common than
just football. Together they mold a group of angry, unfocused players into a
team of caring individuals. Based on a true story.

ARNOLD, CLARKSON, CRESTWOOD, CREVE COEUR, DES PERES, ESQUIRE, GALLERIA, HALLS
FERRY, JAMESTOWN, MID RIVERS, NORTHWEST PLAZA, O'FALLON, RONNIE'S, ST. CHARLES,
SHOWPLACE, UNION STATION, WEST OLIVE

Winding Roads

(R; 1:30)

Rachel Hunter (the model and former wife of Rod Stewart) makes her feature-film
debut in this slice-of-life drama about three women coming to terms with their
relationships in Springfield, Mo. Hunter plays Kelly, whose marriage is
crumbling after the death of her infant son. Kimberly Quinn plays Rene, who is
pregnant but unsure if she's ready to marry Billy (James Marsters, who plays
Spike on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"). And Katrina Holden Bronson plays Sam, who
pines for Brian (Adam Scott) until the day he returns to town and wants to
resume their affair. The movie was filmed on location in southwest Missouri by
talented young director Ted Melfi.

DES PERES, ST. CHARLES

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO PHOTO - Denzel Washington, as coach Herman Boone, in a scene from
the drama "Remember the Titans," which opens in St. Louis Friday.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              436 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             January 6, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Battling Lucic a bright spot for Bruins

BYLINE: Bud Barth

SECTION: SPORTS; NHL NOTES; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 1694 words


You won't spot his name on any Rookie of the Year votes, and rightfully so. But
that doesn't belittle the contributions that burly forward Milan Lucic has made
to the Bruins this season.

When you talk about "taking one for the team," you're talking about the
19-year-old Lucic. He scraps, he fights, he crashes up and down the ice on a
variety of lines, and occasionally he gets the worst end of it - like on
Thursday night against the Washington Capitals.

In the first period, Lucic made the mistake of accepting the challenge of
Washington defenseman John Erskine , one of the league's toughest and most
experienced scrappers (434 career penalty minutes), and absorbed more punches
than he had in his previous eight NHL bouts.

Then, late in the game, he was caught by a high stick by the Capitals' Mike
Green and suffered a nasty gash on his right eyebrow that required six stitches.

But the good part is that the four-minute high-sticking penalty on Green,
combined with a too-many-men bench penalty on Washington, gave the Bruins a
five-on-three power play that resulted in Zdeno Chara's clinching goal in a 2-0
Boston victory.

"It's the first time since taking off the full face shield (worn in juniors)
that I've been high-sticked, so hopefully it's the last because I'm not looking
too pretty right now, to be perfectly honest," said Lucic, whose forehead was
red and swollen around the repaired cut.

"Obviously, Green didn't mean to do it. What doesn't kill you only makes you
stronger, right?"

Lucic could laugh off the high stick because it resulted in his team winning the
game, something he knew when he heard the horn sound and the crowd cheer to end
the game while he was being stitched up.

"I'll take one there any day if it results in a goal," Lucic said with a big
grin.

But his loss to Erskine, in a clear-cut decision just 2:38 into the game, was a
different story. Lucic had dominated most of his previous NHL bouts, but he was
the punching bag in this one, though he did land a few shots.

"I just didn't want to let that fight get to me, I still wanted to get out there
and be physical, play my game," said Lucic, who last game was playing left wing
on a line with Glen Metropolit at center and Peter Schaefer on the right.
"Obviously, it (losing) is in the back of your mind, you want to get him back
somewhere down the road.

"He got me with some good ones. I just shook it off. Even if I don't get the
decision in a fight, it's not going to stop me from being any more physical."

It was a big surprise when Lucic, a second-round pick in 2005 who played last
season in juniors, made Boston's NHL roster this season. It was that or be
returned to his junior team in Vancouver because of his age.

But after starting as a bit player, Lucic has risen in importance and been
elevated to the first power-play unit, playing up to 15 minutes a night after
his average hovered in single digits early in the season.

Maybe it's just coincidence, but since his promotion, the Bruins have scored on
4 of 8 power plays. Overall, Lucic's totals are 3-5-8, including two
game-winning goals.

He was briefly tried on the No. 1 line, though coach Claude Julien tried almost
everyone there during that especially horrid team scoring slump. And while his
skating is still very much Terry O'Reilly-esque, Lucic knows how to clog traffic
in front of the net and clear paths for his teammates.

"He (Julien) gave me a chance back in Toronto on that Saturday night (Dec. 8),
he started to play me more with Schaefer and ever since then, I think me and him
have found some good chemistry and now, with Metro on our line, we've done a
really good job down low," said Lucic, who had a goal and two assists in the
next two games after teaming with Schaefer.

"Playing with him (Schaefer) has really helped me a lot to play confident and to
just go out there and play my game. Management's been telling me that all the
time, just play your game, so that's the thing I've been trying to focus on all
season."

With all the injuries, Lucic hasn't been the only boy wonder on the team. He's
been joined, at various times, by Matt Hunwick (22), Matt Lashoff (21), Mark
Stuart (23), Vladimir Sobotka (20), David Krejci (21) and Petteri Nokelainen
(21). Stuart is pretty much a regular, but the others have had to show what they
can do, and they've gotten their chances.

"Like I said before, the younger guys, this is our opportunity to really show
that we can really contribute at this level," Lucic said. "We've done a pretty
good job so far and we've just got to keep her going."

Murray skating, but won't rush it ...

Forward Glen Murray, whose missing goals while he recovers from a strained hip
flexor are getting harder and harder for the Bruins to replace, got on skates
for the first time since the injury on Tuesday with his son, Parker, during an
informal team practice.

There is no timetable for his return. Last night was his seventh straight game
on the sidelines. Murray has scored just one goal since Dec. 6, and he's getting
anxious to return.

"I was only out there trying to test it out and see how it's going," Murray told
the Boston Herald after his brief skate. "I didn't really go that hard. It was
more about getting on the ice and see how it goes. I was really only warming up.
I just wanted to get back on the ice and my feet back in skates. It went great,
but I wasn't going as hard as I would go in a game-like situation.

"There's a lot more pressure (to return) than you think, but I have to wait
until it's ready. I don't want to come back and play for two games and be out
again. I have to make sure I'm good to go for the rest of the year."

Defenseman Andrew Alberts is still a question mark with his headaches.
Defenseman Aaron Ward (broken foot) is out of his walking cast and doing some
light skating, but his return isn't imminent.

Krejci not facing up

Rookie David Krejci has shown he can do a lot for the Bruins - except win
faceoffs. Krejci, who won just 41 percent of his draws during his first trial
period in Boston, lost his first seven faceoffs against Washington the other
night, mostly against Boyd Gordon, but recovered to win 5 of 6 and finish the
night at 38 percent. ... New defenseman Shane Hnidy was a real trooper in his
first game for the Bruins, arriving in Boston on the red-eye at 6 a.m. the day
of the Washington game, then logging 12:36 in ice time while playing in a crazy
rotation that included three different defensive partners - Andrew Ference, Matt
Lashoff and Mark Stuart. ... Goalie Tim Thomas is now 8-0-1 in his career
against the Capitals. The Bruins, by the way, had shut out opponents for five
consecutive periods going into last night's game.

Much ado about nothing ...

The Islanders' Rick DiPietro will get his confiscated goalie pads back and won't
be suspended for using them on Thursday against Florida, the team announced.

DiPietro donned new white pads for the pregame warmups and the first period
against the Florida Panthers, but was told before the second period that he
couldn't use them anymore because of questions about whether they had been
examined and approved by the league.

But an Islanders spokesman confirmed on Friday that the pads had, indeed, been
cleared by the NHL and would be returned to DiPietro in Colorado for last
night's game without the two-game suspension that was hanging over the goalie's
head. The team also could have been fined $25,000 and the equipment manager
another $1,000.

DiPietro, making his first start after missing three games with a sprained left
knee, said he got the pads about a week before he was injured, and started
wearing them and breaking them in during practices.

During the first period against Florida, TV broadcasters mentioned that the pads
looked bigger. "The ref had come in and told (equipment manager Scott) Boggs and
he told me," DiPietro said, "so I had to switch to the old ones."

The Panthers scored three times in the second period, but DiPietro refused to
blame the pads or his knee. Florida won the game in overtime, 4-3.

In the end, a lot of ruckus about nothing.

Grahame may be finished

Is this the end of the line for former Bruin John Grahame?

The Carolina Hurricanes waived the 32-year-old goalie on Thursday, and when he
cleared, he was assigned to Albany of the AHL. In case you saw the River Rats'
score on Friday night, a 6-1 loss to Syracuse, be advised that Grahame wasn't in
goal.

Grahame was 4-6-1 with a 3.83 goals-against average and .875 save percentage in
13 games for the Hurricanes. In his last appearance, he allowed three goals on
14 shots before being yanked in the second period of a loss to the New York
Islanders on Monday.

The streaky goalie signed with Carolina in 2006 after its Stanley Cup title.
Last year, he was 10-13-2, 2.85 and .897.

Outdoor game in Hub?

Yes, the Bruins are interested in hosting another outdoor game like the
just-completed NHL Winter Classic that attracted 71,000 fans to Buffalo's Ralph
Wilson Stadium, according to executive vice president Charlie Jacobs.

Jacobs said he'll be contacting the league immediately and lobbying the powers
there about such a game in Boston, perhaps next season. The sites mentioned have
been the usual ones - Fenway Park, Gillette Stadium, Boston College's Alumni
Stadium - and even the unusual ones, including right on Boston Common.

A story on The Hockey News Web site is crusading for such a game at Fenway,
where the attendance (39,000) might be a drawback but the atmosphere would be
great. Gillette Stadium is the most likely venue, but with the Patriots
perennially in the playoffs and occupying that address through January, it might
be hard to squeeze in such a game.

"I think it's fair to say we would be absolutely interested in exploring it in
the future," Sam Kennedy, Fenway Sports Group's senior vice president for sales
and marketing, told the Boston Herald last week.

According to the Herald, FSG already has done research on turning Fenway into an
outdoor rink. And Kennedy said "we would explore all eventualities to
accommodate the Bruins."

Heaven knows it would be a great shot in the arm for hockey in New England, and
especially for the down-on-their-luck Bruins in particular.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Boston's Milan Lucic, left, has been a special kind of player for the Bruins
this season. (2) Could the next outdoor celebrations in the NHL be happening in
Boston? (3) Glen Murray is working on making his return to Boston, but still
doesn't know when he will be back in a game.
(1, 3) FILE PHOTO (2) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     June 25, 2002 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Osco case a big win for Toth

BYLINE: By JACK COLWELL; Tribune Political Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 662 words


Say what you want about Prosecutor Chris Toth. And his enemies will want to
continue to belittle him. But Toth has won the big one.

Toth won with the conviction in the Osco murder case, that terrible triple
murder in South Bend a dozen years ago in which the victims were slain in cold
blood.

Toth wasn't the prosecutor in the case. There were special prosecutors from
another county.

Yet, there is no doubt. If it were not for Chris Toth and his defeat of
long-time St. Joseph County Prosecutor Mike Barnes in 1998, Christopher Allen,
convicted now as the Osco killer, would not have faced trial.

Barnes concluded, despite pleas of some police investigators and some relatives
of the victims, that there just wasn't enough evidence to bring Allen to trial.

Toth, as an attorney representing those relatives, sought to force Barnes to
take the case to a grand jury. Toth failed in that, as he should have, because
it is up to a prosecutor to determine when to pursue charges. Remember, if a
prosecutor tries and fails, double jeopardy means an acquitted suspect cannot be
tried again.

Public sentiment, however, was against Barnes. He was faulted for not seeking
charges in the high-profile case.

Toth never cited the Osco case specifically during his 1998 campaign. But that
wasn't necessary. The issue had been raised earlier, and the case was a catalyst
in turning public opinion against Barnes.

It was the key factor -- though not the only one -- in Toth's defeat of Barnes.

Toth, as prosecutor, quickly brought charges against Allen.

So, now we would have proof, one way or the other, of whether there was
sufficient evidence to obtain a conviction.

In a 2001 trial taken to New Castle and with special prosecutors, there was a
hung jury. The split was 9-3 for conviction.

Toth already was somewhat vindicated. There apparently was sufficient evidence
to convince nine jurors. It wasn't one of those cases where the jury comes back
unanimous for acquittal and hugs the defendant, an indication that prosecution
was indeed stupid.

Now, in the second trial, Allen has been found guilty.

Sufficient evidence to obtain a conviction?

Barnes was wrong.

Toth was right.

Now, this doesn't mean that Barnes was a poor prosecutor and Toth is great. One
case doesn't determine that.

And it was far from an open-and-shut case. There certainly will be an appeal.

But the big win will help Toth in his re-election bid.

He needs help.

The prosecutor has made a lot of enemies, some even in his own party, as primary
election percentages showed. Some he didn't have to make. And when he makes
enemies, they stay enemies.

Toth has made friends as well among those who find that he has done just what he
said he would do in such matters as cracking down on adult bookstores and
stressing a community prosecution effort.

Clashes with judges and firings in his own office will be viewed by some voters
as signs of ineffectiveness, by others as signs of principle.

Toth faces a tough race this fall with Democratic challenger Mike Dvorak.

The Osco conviction helps Toth.

Not with his enemies, who wouldn't vote for Toth even if he brought Osama bin
Laden to justice.

But how about all those who regarded the Osco case as a reason to vote for him
in 1998? They could well conclude that he fulfilled their desire for justice in
those killings.

Politics aside, let us hope there is justice.

If Allen did it, let his conviction stand.

If there has been a mistake, let it be found in appeal.

Right now, in the Osco case, Toth emerges as the winner. He won the big one.

The vote? It was 21 to 3. That's the margin for conviction in the two trials,
with 12-0 the decisive total in the second attempt.

The vote? There also is a big one on Nov. 5. Whether the Osco case will again be
a decisive factor for Toth is far from certain. The conviction will help him,
but perhaps not enough. Again, it won't be the only factor. Again, it will be
significant.


LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jack Colwell is The Tribunes political writer.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              438 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     February 5, 1996, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

OLYMPICS;
In the long run . . . With trials next week, marathon looks to be Lauck's best
medal hope

BYLINE: Mike Fish; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS OLYMPICS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 663 words


Transitions are always tricky. Marriage, relocation, death . . . a new job.
Well, Anne Marie Lauck has fielded them all nicely so far. But the answer to
this job thing, moving up from the 10,000 meters to the 26.2-mile marathon,
won't come until the Olympic Trials.

Does she have the heart for the longer distance?
Will her change of coaches prove advantageous?
Can she cope with being pegged the pre-race favorite?

Saturday morning, Lauck and 160-plus other runners will bid for three Olympic
spots at the women's trials in Columbia, S.C. For what it's worth, she is
considered a good bet to be running the Olympic marathon in Atlanta. But the
marathon is as unpredictable as it gets, and Lauck, 26, has completed only one.

"Not to belittle the competition, but if I just worry about myself and do what
I'm capable of doing, the very worst is I'll make the (Olympic) team," said
Lauck, carefully choosing her words.

Sitting in her Marietta condo, a stone's throw from the running trails at the
end of Columns Drive along the Chattahoochee River, Lauck exudes a quiet
confidence. Her training has gone well. New coach Alberto Salazar, a three- time
winner of the New York Marathon, has sharply reduced her training load and
tinkered with shortening her long, looping stride.

Most important, Lauck has come to accept that the marathon, like it or not, is
her surest ticket to the Olympics. Though she has qualified for the last three
World Championships in the 10,000, Lauck's 14th-place finish in Sweden last
August convinced her she lacked the speed to run with the top international
women.

"I've always loved the 10K, so I'm hesitant to say I'm going to move up
full-time to the marathon," said Lauck, who moved to the Atlanta area three
years ago with her husband, Jim, a Life College student. "But I'm approaching
the peak years, the best years of my career, and I really want to play out my
best options.

"Even though I've done only one marathon, the best chance for me to possibly
medal - which is a realistic possibility - would be in the marathon. In the 10K,
I was just stale after 1994 and my personal life was a roller-coaster last
year."

Lauck seems to be rebounding into form after a year in which she lost her mother
to breast cancer and left her longtime coach, Tom Fleming. In a tuneup last
month for the trials, she ran a 1:10:54 half- marathon in San Diego.

What remains to be seen is how she handles the head games and strategic
maneuvering of the marathon. At the 1993 New York Marathon, her first ever, she
was wiped out by dehydration after 23 miles. A year later, she returned to
finish third in 2:30:19.

Salazar contends Lauck is probably the only American capable of medaling in the
Olympic marathon, largely because of her potential and newness to the distance.

"Somebody like Anne Marie could surprise people," Salazar said. "The top women
in the world are running 2:26 or 2:27. She's run 2:30, but I think she has the
capability to run a lot faster. I believe she can run 2:25 or 2:26."

To speed her improvement, Salazar had to persuade Lauck to undergo a substantial
remodeling job.

"It used to be hard to watch her," Salazar said. "It hurt to see her. She was
putting so much effort into it - over-striding, swinging her arms too hard,
stomping the ground."

Initially, Lauck was resistant to the change. But after studying tapes of her
New York Marathon run, she was sold.

"I looked like an exaggerated track runner out there," she said. "Everybody else
was sliding along, real efficient. Not me." At the same time, Salazar convinced
her that more training miles isn't necessarily better. He claims she has been
badly overtrained while running 130 and 140 miles a week, about 40 more than she
averages now.

"In the past, she's done well, but I think she can run a lot better by getting
away from the overtraining," Salazar said. "I don't think it allowed her to run
as fast as she can. We'll see."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Anne Marie Lauck has completed just one marathon but is
considered
 a favorite to win one of the three U.S. berths for the Olympic women's
 marathon. / KIMBERLY SMITH / Staff
 Chart: U.S. Olympic Women's Marathon Trials
 -When/where: Saturday, Columbia, S.C.
 -At stake: Top three finishers earn spots on the Olympic team.
 -Top contenders: Anne Marie Lauck, Gwyn Coogan, Kim Jones, Linda Somers,
 Lynn Doering, Elaine Van Blunk, Joan Benoit Samuelson.
 -Purse: $ 250,000 total for the top 20 finishers, with $ 45,000 to the
 winner. -TV: Feb. 17, 3:30-6 p.m., Channel 11 (taped).

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              439 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      March 13, 1994 Sunday FINAL EDITION

WHETHER IT'S JEALOUSY OR NOT, IT'S SHAQ WHO'S UNDER ATTACK

BYLINE: Frank Lawlor, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 1211 words


He brandishes the Superman logo on the front of his truck. He stares down his
prey after dunks. He belittles veteran players in his rap songs. Whenever he
speaks above a whisper, he declares himself the best.

Wasn't it only a matter of time before Shaquille O'Neal started hearing the
backlash?

Well, the gloves finally came off this past week when, during a national
teleconference, San Antonio's David Robinson, a leading MVP candidate, was
pitched a question about O'Neal.

"It's amazing to me that we get so many Shaquille questions," he shot back. "Who
is Shaquille? Why should I lose sleep over the fact that he's upset? Everybody
plays up to him so much. He's definitely a good player. He talks about people
being jealous of him, but he has nothing that we would want yet."

O'Neal's response?

"You tell David that the next time he plays me, I'll be on his butt," he said.

He also repeated his feeling that everybody is jealous of him.

The Shaq-against-the-world theme started at the All-Star Game, when the Western
all-stars blocked several of his early shots and kept him from ramming the ball
through the hoop until less than two minutes remained.

The immediate perception was that Robinson, Hakeem Olajuwon and Karl Malone had
plotted against O'Neal, but the fact is that Shawn Kemp, a power forward closer
to O'Neal's age, played the most ferocious defense on Shaq that night.

Things escalated last weekend when, at the end of a game in San Antonio in which
Orlando blew a double-digit lead and lost, O'Neal reportedly barked at Spurs
guard Willie Anderson: "I'm the MVP of this league."

That came after a dunk, of course, and echoed an incident from earlier this
season. On that occasion, O'Neal dunked on New York's Patrick Ewing, then
shouted: "I'm the man now."

No doubt, it's tough juggling acting, singing, pitchman and basketball careers
all at once, but don't feel sorry for O'Neal. By some estimates, he could make
upward of $25 million this year.

And don't expect the NBA's designated star to wear the mantle quite as
gracefully as Julius Erving or even Michael Jordan did.

"Jealousy is the ugliest word in the dictionary," O'Neal said this past week.
"Every time I do something, I do it well. My movie is doing well, my album will
be platinum soon, so it's not like I'm good at one thing and sloppy at other
things. I'm the best at what I do. I'm just a man of many talents. People don't
understand that."

It is whispered in NBA circles that the league's powers that be don't understand
that so well, that they are tiring of their knighted star's aloofness toward the
sport.

But don't expect their disenchantment to dent the copyrighted and
trademark-protected Shaq conglomerate, which is mushrooming as we speak.

The basketball shoes with miniature canisters of carbon dioxide are out, and the
basketball-shoes-cum-summer sandals are due soon. Perhaps next will come a
commercial where O'Neal dunks in one of those temporary arenas of the kind the
Sixers contemplated in Camden and the whole building comes down.

Don't cry for Shaq. Or for David Robinson, for that matter.

"To be honest, nobody talks about him," Robinson said, referring to NBA players.
"I'll let you guys know when I lose some sleep over it. I haven't yet."

SPIN FACTOR. There's more fallout from the 76ers' trade of Jeff Hornacek to
Utah.

This time, it comes from Chicago, where the Bulls' brain trust was trying to
answer the criticisms that swapping Stacey King to Minnesota for Luc Longley
wasn't enough to ensure the team a fourth straight NBA title.

Coach Phil Jackson, for one, had thought that Hornacek was on his way to
Chi-town to fill the salary and shooting-guard slots left open by White Sox
wannabe Michael Jordan.

"I don't know the mind-set of Mr. (Harold) Katz," Jackson said, referring to the
Sixers' owner. "We had some kind of communication going, and all of a sudden,
everything seemed to shut down."

Katz has claimed the opposite. He has said that two teams backed out of talks
with the Sixers 15 minutes before the Feb. 24 trade deadline, and it is widely
believed that one of the teams was the Bulls.

Jackson also said that trading Hornacek for Jeff Malone and Utah's top pick this
year "doesn't seem like a balanced deal."

Better still was the reaction of Houston coach Rudy Tomjanovich. When told of
the transaction, he coughed up a one-word response: "What?"

WILLIAMS WATCH. Although it's never polite to cheer an injury, Sixers fans might
have welcomed the one that Chris Morris of New Jersey suffered last Sunday, when
Tim Perry collided with him during garbage time of another one- sided
Philadelphia loss. By Tuesday, the Nets had placed Morris on the injured list
with a thumb injury and had recalled Rick Mahorn to action.

Depending on a lot of variables, not the least of which is the math aptitude of
Nets coach Chuck Daly, the injury could mean increased playing time for power
forward Jayson Williams, who was traded to Jersey by the Sixers in October 1992.

If Williams' averages of points and minutes played total 19 either this season
or next, the Sixers will get the Nets' next first-round draft choice out of the
trade.

As of Friday, Williams was averaging a combined 17.1 points and minutes per
game. The first game after Morris was injured, however, he played only six
minutes and scored only four points.

Daly, of course, is well-aware of the situation, and because the Nets seem
assured of a playoff berth, he probably will yo-yo Williams in and out of the
lineup as he sees fit. Whether he can do so again next season is the question.

In the interim, the Sixers will get New Jersey's second-round choice this year.
If Williams surpasses the magic figure of 19 next season, they will give Jersey
a second-rounder while taking the Nets' first-rounder.

"I didn't want to wait forever to get something," said Jim Lynam, the Sixers'
general manager, "but I didn't want to make it easy on them not to play
(Williams), either."

GEAR SWITCHES. The Utah Jazz won a franchise-record 10th straight game this past
week, then turned around and got run over by Portland, the latest hot team in
the Western Conference.

Still, during its streak, Utah gained three games on San Antonio and Houston,
which have been battling for first place in the Midwest Division.

After beating the Jazz, the Blazers, of course, turned around and lost just
their second game in 12, bowing to Golden State, another good team in the West.

With the Western Conference starting to look even stronger than expected, it
appears that whoever survives the Eastern playoffs might be much fresher than
the Western survivor come NBA Finals time.

BARBS FOR BARKLEY II. Two weeks ago, it was Charles Oakley. This past week, it
was Scottie Pippen, the All-Star Game MVP, disrespecting Charles Barkley, last
season's league MVP.

"He only gives superstars, like Michael (Jordan), Magic (Johnson), Isiah
(Thomas) and Larry (Bird), credit and respect," Pippen said. "It's all a front.
He kisses their butts. He walks around thinking he's the ambassador of the
league, but he's a phony person. Until he gets a ring, he's not the ambassador
of the league. Until then, I'm considering myself the ambassador."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NBA NOTES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (2)
1-2. David Robinson (left) expressed resentment over the attention given
Shaquille O'Neal.

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 25, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Defense in 2nd jogger trial more aggressive

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The second Central Park jogger trial promises to copy the first, with one
possible exception: A defense lawyer threatens to grill the victim, who wasn't
cross-examined at the first trial.

Through the first three days, witnesses again have testified about being chased
and attacked by a gang of teens in the park on April 19, 1989, shortly before
the beating and rape of the 30-year-old investment banker, whose name most news
organizations have withheld since the attack.

But Colin Moore, lawyer for defendant Kharey Wise, 18, promises to ask the
victim about her sex life and memory of the brutal crime that shocked the
nation.

''I'm going to be much more aggressive'' than lawyers in the first trial, says
Moore.

Wednesday, Moore showed his style - trying to belittle injuries sustained by a
male jogger who was attacked by a gang in the park the same night as the female
victim.

An officer said at the first trial John Loughlin, 42, a teacher, ''looked like
he had been dipped in a bucket of blood.''

''The fact that one is bleeding a lot doesn't mean one's life is threatened,''
Moore said.

During the first trial, ending in convictions of three defendants, the jogger
testified she didn't remember the attack.

Lacking strong physical evidence or witnesses to identify the defendants as the
attackers, the prosecution won convictions, and five-to-10 year sentences,
largely based on damaging confessions.

Defense lawyers say they will argue - as did lawyers in the first trial - that
their clients were tricked into making videotaped confessions.

Testimony included:

- Bicyclist Michael Vigna, who said that on the night of the attack he barely
escaped a gang of about 30 youths. One swung at him. ''His fist was close enough
to my ear that I could feel it going by, glancing it,'' he said.

- David Lewis, an investment banker, said he was jogging around the park's
reservoir, when he saw a gang of teens. He said he heard one say, ''He'd better
run faster than that'' and another, crouched in a football stance say,
''Ready.'' As he sprinted by a youth waiting in front of him, he was struck on
the arm.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              441 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Arkansas governor trying to remove Lee from MLK Day

BYLINE: ANDREW DeMILLO The Associated Press

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 427 words


LITTLE ROCK, Ark. - Every third Monday in January, Arkansas state offices are
closed in observance of an unlikely holiday: the shared birthdays of slain civil
rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.

Only three states commemorate both men on the same day, a practice that critics
say hurts Arkansas' reputation. Now the Republican governor is reviving an
effort to remove Lee from the holiday, but he faces resistance from opponents
who complain the move belittles the state's Confederate heritage and from black
lawmakers worried about a plan to set aside another day to honor Lee.

"I think this provides our state an opportunity to bridge divides," said Gov.
Asa Hutchinson, who has vowed since early last year to make the change, which is
part of his agenda for the legislative session that began last week.

Arkansas has had a holiday in honor of Lee since 1947 and one for King since
1983. That year, agencies required state employees to choose which two holidays
they wanted off: King's birthday on Jan. 15, Lee's birthday on Jan. 19 or the
employee's birthday. In 1985, the Legislature voted to combine holidays.

Alabama and Mississippi also honor the men on the same day.

Hutchinson's idea is not new. Two years ago, a similar proposal repeatedly
failed before a House committee.

The renewed debate comes amid a nationwide re-evaluation of monuments and
symbols linked to the Civil War, the Confederacy and slavery.

After the 2015 fatal shooting of nine black church members by a white gunman who
had posed with the Confederate flag in photos, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley
called for the flag's removal from the Statehouse. In Alabama, Gov. Robert
Bentley took down four Confederate flags on the Capitol grounds.

Last year, Arkansas Democrats announced they would remove Thomas Jefferson and
Andrew Jackson's names from the party's annual fundraising dinner, joining a
growing number of states distancing themselves from the two presidents, who
owned slaves.

As with the flag debate in other states, the King Day proposal has drawn the ire
of groups that say removing Lee from the holiday is an affront to people whose
ancestors served the Confederacy. In 2015, opponents regularly filled a House
committee room to speak out against the idea.

"It's like telling our Hispanic neighbors that we're not going to do Cinco de
Mayo. It's like telling the Irish we're not going to celebrate St. Patrick's
Day," said Robert Edwards, commander of the Arkansas Division of the Sons of
Confederate Veterans. "I think it's just a racist bill."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

Arkansas governor faces resistance for trying to strip General Lee from Martin
Luther King Day;
State is one of three that commemorate the leaders' birthdays on the same day.

BYLINE: By Andrew Demillo The Associated Press

SECTION: W-NATIONAL; None

LENGTH: 386 words


Little Rock, Ark. · Every third Monday in January, Arkansas state offices are
closed in observance of an unlikely holiday: the shared birthdays of slain civil
rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.

Only three states commemorate both men on the same day, a practice that critics
say hurts Arkansas' reputation. Now the Republican governor is reviving an
effort to remove Lee from the holiday, but he faces resistance from opponents
who complain the move belittles the state's Confederate heritage and from black
lawmakers worried about a plan to set aside another day to honor Lee.

"I think this provides our state an opportunity to bridge divides," said Gov.
Asa Hutchinson, who has vowed since early last year to make the change, which is
part of his agenda for the legislative session that began last week.

Arkansas has had a holiday in honor of Lee since 1947 and one for King since
1983. That year, agencies required state employees to choose which two holidays
they wanted off: King's birthday on Jan. 15, Lee's birthday on Jan. 19 or the
employee's birthday. In 1985, the Legislature voted to combine holidays.

Alabama and Mississippi also honor the men on the same day.

Hutchinson's idea is not new. Two years ago, a similar proposal repeatedly
failed before a House committee.

The renewed debate comes amid a nationwide re-evaluation of monuments and
symbols linked to the Civil War, the Confederacy and slavery.

After the 2015 fatal shooting of nine black church members by a white gunman who
had posed with the Confederate flag in photos, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley
called for the flag's removal from the Statehouse. In Alabama, Gov. Robert
Bentley took down four Confederate flags on the Capitol grounds.

As with the flag debate in other states, the King Day proposal has drawn the ire
of groups that say removing Lee from the holiday is an affront to people whose
ancestors served the Confederacy. In 2015, opponents regularly filled a House
committee room to speak out against the idea.

"It's like telling our Hispanic neighbors that we're not going to do Cinco de
Mayo. It's like telling the Irish we're not going to celebrate St. Patrick's
Day," said Robert Edwards, commander of the Arkansas Division of the Sons of
Confederate Veterans. "I think it's just a racist bill."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Republicans fight 'smear' campaign; Women in the party say they can't stand idly
by and watch 'sexism' from media

BYLINE: Steven Edwards, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 346  words


The McCain campaign launched a ferocious counter-attack against what they called
"falsehoods and smears" about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on Wednesday.

The Republicans dispatched party heavyweights to speak out in support of the
vice-presidential candidate and released an ad that belittles Democratic rival
Barack Obama's experience.

The campaign charged the media had been complicit in gratuitous sexism, and
leading female Republicans said they would not stand idly by without hitting
back.

Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani toured TV networks ahead of his address
Wednesday to vigorously promote Palin's suitability as John McCain's running
mate.

Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman and Congressman Eric Cantor also scheduled a
news conference calling on Obama to condemn one of his spokesmen who -- the
McCain camp says -- implied Palin was no friend of Jews.

The implication was based on her "one-time" support for controversial TV pundit
Pat Buchanan's former presidential bid.

"Palin was a supporter of (MSNBC analyst) Pat Buchanan, a right-winger or as
many Jews call him: a Nazi sympathizer," Obama spokesman Mark Bubriski wrote in
an e-mail.

The onslaught got under way as McCain arrived in St. Paul, Minn., for the
Republican National Convention, where delegates were to nominate him Wednesday
night as the Republican presidential candidate and to hear him accept the
nomination Thursday.

Democrats have pushed to turn the swirl of rumours and potentially problematic
revelations surrounding McCain's pick of Palin -- a first-term governor and
former small-town mayor -- into an indictment of his ability to make sound
judgments.

McCain had met her just twice when he named her as his running mate Friday,
leading critics to charge he acted hastily to appease the party's conservatives,
who are thrilled with her socially conservative stances that include opposition
to abortion and support for gun ownership rights.

As part of the counter-offensive Wednesday, Steven Schmidt, senior McCain
adviser, declared the campaign will answer no more questions about how she was
vetted.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Palin ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 19, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

Nutty novelty is assailed by mental health officials

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES DIGEST; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 187 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES; AUSTIN, Texas



LOS ANGELES - Mental health officials are angry over a novelty gift    called
"Certifiably Nuts," a sack of peanuts wrapped in a tiny    straitjacket. The
item, which sells for $ 19.95 and comes with a patient    history and commitment
papers, was assailed this week by mental health    groups. "It's a travesty and
an unfortunate attack on people who are    mentally ill," said Peter McDermott,
who chairs Los Angeles County's    Mental Health Advisory Board. Tom Binnion,
one of the item's inventors,    replied: "We never intended to belittle people
who are seriously    mentally disabled."



 Turkeys take to trotting after their truck tumbles

 AUSTIN, Texas - Hundreds of turkeys got at least a temporary
pre-Thanksgiving reprieve when a semitrailer truck carrying them to    slaughter
rolled over after a collision. Some of the 2,500 white,    medium-sized turkeys
were killed Thursday, but others were freed from    their cages and strutted
around, tying up traffic on Interstate 35 for    more than three hours.



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              445 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 29, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Conn. governor in tough rematch;
"Every time I turn around, there's another tax bill. We are so over- governed."

BYLINE: Martha T. Moore, USA Today

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 705 words


If Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy gets dumped in November -- a distinct
possibility -- it will be the first time in 50 years voters in the state have
turned out a governor running for re-election. For Malloy, a Democrat, the
question might be not what happened to make voters sour on him, but whether they
really liked him in the first place.

A former city mayor, Malloy, 59, won office in 2010 with less than 50% of the
vote and a margin of 6,500 votes. Now he is considered one of the most
endangered Democratic governors, and he's facing a rematch with the guy he
barely beat.

His opponent, Tom Foley, 62, a businessman who served as ambassador to Ireland
under President George W. Bush, belittles Malloy's claims that the state is
improving economically and calls his legislative achievements a "progressive
policy experiment."

A rematch is rare in Connecticut, and the non-partisan Cook Political Report
calls the race a tossup.

A victory for Foley, 62, would be a feather for Republicans in an increasingly
blue state: Connecticut gave President Obama an 18-percentage-point margin in
2012, and its two U.S. senators and five U.S. House members are all Democrats. A
win for Malloy would vindicate an agenda he shares with the Obama
administration: a higher minimum wage, the introduction of state health care
exchanges, and the argument that the economy is improving, slowly.

"Four years ago, he didn't want the national narrative  (part of) the race. Now,
he desperately needs it," says Jerrold Duquette, a political scientist at
Central Connecticut State University. "He needs to distract from the (state's)
economic issues."

Malloy's four years have been eventful: In 2011, he passed the largest tax
increase in state history to close a $3.5 billion budget deficit; after the
school shootings in Newtown, he won a law restricting the size of ammunition
clips; he passed paid sick leave; and he raised the minimum wage to $10.10. This
year, he had to renege on a tax rebate  due to state finances.

Here's another snag: Voters don't like him. Fewer than half (49%) think he cares
about them, according to a May Quinnipiac Poll. That's despite Malloy having led
the state through the Sandy storm and the horrific school shootings at the Sandy
Hook school less than two years ago.

Malloy's  ads include one in which Nicole Hockley, whose 6-year-old son Dylan
was killed in the shooting, praised Malloy for "courage and conviction."
Republicans called the ad exploitive.

Foley and Malloy kicked off the general election with a debate Wednesday. Each
quickly  questioned the other's truthfulness  and ideas. "You're hurting the
citizens of this state," said Foley, who added that Connecticut's economy is in
worse shape than Malloy admits. He also said Malloy's gun bill was
"overreaching."

"I'm proud of making cities safer, and schoolchildren safer, and cities safer,"
said Malloy.  Like the prosecutor he once was, he questioned Foley on each
provision of the law until Foley objected.

"People don't feel (Malloy) is a very warm, engaging type of individual," says
Gary Rose, a political scientist at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield. "He
certainly lacks charisma. That's not to say Tom Foley is a ball of fire. If you
get into the personal part of it, I don't think anybody's enamored with either
of them."

It shouldn't be hard to find  people mad at Malloy, says Kendra Becker-Musante,
a Norwich pediatrician carrying a Foley sign outside the first debate. "My
malpractice (insurance) has doubled, all of my (professional) licenses have
doubled. Every time I turn around there's another tax bill. We are so
overgoverned."

Even Malloy's supporters acknowledge tax hikes don't sit well with voters. Cathy
Osten, a Democratic state senator, local official and union employee, supports
Malloy even though he forced public employee unions to make concessions to close
the 2011 budget gap. But the tax hike avoided cuts in state aid to
municipalities, she added.

The Malloy campaign is casting Foley as a heartless executive. Osten stars in an
ad showing Foley at a shuttered paper mill, where he tells workers it was their
fault the mill closed.

Both candidates are accepting public funding that  limits them to $6.5 million
in spending.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    January 10, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Colts feel hands on ultimate prize: 'Nothing scares us. We just dominate
everybody we go against,' defensive end says

SOURCE: Associated Press

BYLINE: Steve Herman

SECTION: Sports; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS

COLTS AT CHIEFS

Sunday 10 A.M. Ch/Team

INDIANAPOLIS -- Thoughts of the Super Bowl already are creeping into the
Indianapolis Colts locker room.

Coming off their first playoff victory in eight years, the Colts not only think
they can reach the NFL title game, but also that they can win it.

"Sure, it's mentioned all the time," defensive end Chad Bratzke said. "It's not
something that's voodoo. That's what you play for. You play to get there."

Indianapolis (13-4) is at Kansas City (13-3) in a divisional playoff Sunday. The
winner advances to the AFC championship the next week against either New England
or Tennessee, the last step before the Super Bowl on Feb. 1.

Colts coach Tony Dungy is confident, too. But he takes nothing for granted.

"Don't belittle the opportunity," he said of his team's sense of urgency. "We're
one of the last eight teams playing. We have a chance to get where we want to
go. We've got to take advantage of it."

The last time the Colts went past the first round was in 1995, when they beat
San Diego and Kansas City before losing in the AFC championship game at
Pittsburgh, where an incomplete pass on the game's final play cost them a trip
to the Super Bowl. Since then, they lost in the first round four times before
last week's 41-10 rout of Denver.

Now the championship is within their grasp.

"That's one thing we talked about when we started this year," running back
Edgerrin James said. "My first year, everything was real easy and you think it's
going to happen every year. The second year kind of opened my eyes, when you had
to wait on other people to lose before you get into the playoffs. Now you
understand.

"We have to make use of our opportunity and do what we've got to do."

The Chiefs led the NFL in scoring and were second in total offence this season.
The Colts tied for second in scoring and were third in offence, first in passing
with co-MVP Peyton Manning.

It's on defence, where both teams have been vulnerable, where Sunday's game
might be decided.

After last week, the Colts seem ready.

"Nothing scares us. We just want to dominate everybody we go against," defensive
end Raheem Brock said. "We're not afraid of anybody. Coaches have a great game
plan, just like we did against Denver, and we've just got to go out and take
care of business."

Brock said the Colts -- especially the defence -- are "on a mission."

"We're not out here just to win one game. We want to go to the Super Bowl, we
want to win the Super Bowl. Everybody's stepping it up another notch," he said.

Even Dungy admitted anything less would be a disappointment.

"A successful season is when you play as well as you can."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 1, 1994, Friday

BEST BETS Have two orders of American ball (but hold the DH)

BYLINE: By Joe Strauss

SECTION: SPORTS; Section F; Page 3

LENGTH: 946 words


The only people who truly believe that spring training needs to last six weeks
are either Rotisserie geeks or employees of the Florida and Arizona departments
of tourism.

If the home team loses, the local broadcast team says the games don't mean
anything. If the home team wins, they remind you that season- ticket holders
have first dibs for playoff seats. Sure, it's a great vacation, but how many
teams have ever given a true indication of their regular season record by
playing a AA shortstop behind some relief pitcher wearing No. 78?

That said, the best part of spring training reaches Atlanta this weekend when
the Bravos host the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox to close their
exhibition schedule. For those unable to break the corporate stranglehold on
tickets for the 1991 and 1992 World Series, this may even prove educational.

Call it a kind of National League arrogance. You know, the type that tends to
belittle its slower playing, higher-scoring counterpart. (Truthfully, how many
times has an organization ever considered itself the best when another has won
consecutive World Series the past two seasons?) That snobbishness used to work
when the "senior circuit" won every All-Star Game for four presidential
administrations and the NL could wheel out its Big Red Machine.

No more. For those NL jingoists, hopefully the next two days will help them
realize:

Baseball's most awesome young hitter has never played before in Atlanta-Fulton
County Stadium although he was born and raised only 100 miles southward and
played some pigskin for Patrick Fain Dye.

Welcome, Frank Thomas, White Sox first baseman and AL MVP.

Tom Glavine is baseball's winningest pitcher the last three seasons but the AL
leader in that span throws with his right hand and plays the axe in a rock 'n
roll band.

Give it up for Black Jack McDowell, the Sox's '93 Cy Young Award winner and
owner of some mean sideburns.

As for the Orioles, Earl Weaver's gone. The "new manager" is an old Braves
catcher and, no, it's not Earl Williams. Some, among them likeable O's owner
Peter Angelos, believe this season should bring skipper Johnny Oates his first
world championship before Bobby Cox gets his.

Overall, this weekend sounds like a pretty good deal. In two days you get to see
Cal Ripken Jr., Mike Mussina, Rafael Palmeiro, Chris Hoiles (just imagine,
Atlanta, a catcher who can do commercials and hit), Lee Smith, Ozzie Guillen,
Robin Ventura, Alex Fernandez but, alas, no Michael Jordan and no designated
hitters.

Locals will be concerned how the Braves's Saturday starter, Steve Avery, fares
after experiencing arm tightness his last two outings.

Some advice to those planning to attend. Remember, no smoking, no parking, no
Georgia state flag. Plenty of higher ticket prices, $ 4 beers and politically
incorrect Indian-baiting.

Atlanta Braves vs. Baltimore Orioles, Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, today at
1:05 p.m. (Channel 17, 105.7 FM); Atlanta Braves vs. Chicago White Sox,
Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, Saturday at 1 p.m. (Channel 17, WGN, 640 AM, 94.9
FM, 105.7 FM)

FIRST PITCH: Not only has baseball adopted a third division in each league, it's
decided to chuck the idea of a traditional weekday afternoon game to begin the
season. After all, what better way to open the schedule than with an Easter
Sunday night game. Cincinnati Reds owner Marge Schott is so miffed that she
postponed the city's opening-day parade until Monday. You tell 'em, Margie.

St. Louis Cardinals at Cincinnati Reds, Riverfront Stadium, Cincinnati, Sunday
at 8 p.m. (ESPN)

READY FOR SOME ROUNDBALL?: The NCAA Final Four finally reaches the Charlotte
Coliseum Saturday with Arizona trying to upset Arkansas and Florida attempting
the same against Duke. Here at Best Bets we feel the Dukies will emerge as
national champions Monday night, opening up copious opportunities for the
electric Mike Kryzewski to further his budding career as a pitchman. It's worth
watching to see if Pat O'Brien will again schmooz with No. 1 Razorback fan Bill
Clinton in hopes of acquiring a Cabinet position. A whiz at futures, Hillary
says take the Pigs and lay the points.

NCAA Basketball Championship, Charlotte Coliseum, Charlotte N.C., Saturday,
Arkansas vs. Arizona, 5:40 p.m.; Florida vs. Duke, 8 p.m. (Channel 5, AM 1010).

HOW 'BOUT FEMALE ROUNDBALL?: It's only been a year since Ohio State defeated
Texas Tech in The Omni for the women's national championship. The ladies are in
Richmond to take care of business this weekend. North Carolina, Purdue, Alabama
and Louisiana Tech remain. Purdue advanced as a No. 1 seed but North Carolina
(No. 3), Alabama (No. 6) and LaTech (No. 4) are surprise entries. Unlike the
men, the women play on consecutive days in the afternoon, somewhat like baseball
used to be played.

NCAA Women's Basketball Championship, Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, Va.
(semifinals) Saturday, La. Tech vs. Alabama, 12:30 p.m., North Carolina vs
Purdue, 2:30 p.m. (Channel 5); Championship Game, Sunday, 3:45 p.m. (Channel 5)

ROLL OUT THE CARPET: Anyone needing a golf fix before the Masters should take
I-75 north this weekend and seek out the Carpet Capital Collegiate tournament in
Rocky Face. Considered one of the premier spring college tournaments, the Carpet
Capital will feature 11 of Golf World's top 25 teams, including No. 10-ranked
Georgia Tech. Defending U.S. Amateur champion Justin Leonard will be playing for
Texas. Tech redshirt freshman Mike Nicklaus, son of the Golden Bear, will be
making his collegiate debut. Tech won the event in 1991 and has finished second
three times.

Carpet Capital Collegiate, The Farm, Rocky Face, Ga. Today-Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941720279

GRAPHIC: Photo: American League MVP Frank Thomas.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              448 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 1, 1994, Friday

BEST BETS Have two orders of American ball (but hold the DH)

BYLINE: By Joe Strauss

SECTION: SPORTS; Section F; Page 3

LENGTH: 946 words


The only people who truly believe that spring training needs to last six weeks
are either Rotisserie geeks or employees of the Florida and Arizona departments
of tourism.

If the home team loses, the local broadcast team says the games don't mean
anything. If the home team wins, they remind you that season- ticket holders
have first dibs for playoff seats. Sure, it's a great vacation, but how many
teams have ever given a true indication of their regular season record by
playing a AA shortstop behind some relief pitcher wearing No. 78?

That said, the best part of spring training reaches Atlanta this weekend when
the Bravos host the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox to close their
exhibition schedule. For those unable to break the corporate stranglehold on
tickets for the 1991 and 1992 World Series, this may even prove educational.

Call it a kind of National League arrogance. You know, the type that tends to
belittle its slower playing, higher-scoring counterpart. (Truthfully, how many
times has an organization ever considered itself the best when another has won
consecutive World Series the past two seasons?) That snobbishness used to work
when the "senior circuit" won every All-Star Game for four presidential
administrations and the NL could wheel out its Big Red Machine.

No more. For those NL jingoists, hopefully the next two days will help them
realize:

Baseball's most awesome young hitter has never played before in Atlanta-Fulton
County Stadium although he was born and raised only 100 miles southward and
played some pigskin for Patrick Fain Dye.

Welcome, Frank Thomas, White Sox first baseman and AL MVP.

Tom Glavine is baseball's winningest pitcher the last three seasons but the AL
leader in that span throws with his right hand and plays the axe in a rock 'n
roll band.

Give it up for Black Jack McDowell, the Sox's '93 Cy Young Award winner and
owner of some mean sideburns.

As for the Orioles, Earl Weaver's gone. The "new manager" is an old Braves
catcher and, no, it's not Earl Williams. Some, among them likeable O's owner
Peter Angelos, believe this season should bring skipper Johnny Oates his first
world championship before Bobby Cox gets his.

Overall, this weekend sounds like a pretty good deal. In two days you get to see
Cal Ripken Jr., Mike Mussina, Rafael Palmeiro, Chris Hoiles (just imagine,
Atlanta, a catcher who can do commercials and hit), Lee Smith, Ozzie Guillen,
Robin Ventura, Alex Fernandez but, alas, no Michael Jordan and no designated
hitters.

Locals will be concerned how the Braves's Saturday starter, Steve Avery, fares
after experiencing arm tightness his last two outings.

Some advice to those planning to attend. Remember, no smoking, no parking, no
Georgia state flag. Plenty of higher ticket prices, $ 4 beers and politically
incorrect Indian-baiting.

Atlanta Braves vs. Baltimore Orioles, Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, today at
1:05 p.m. (Channel 17, 105.7 FM); Atlanta Braves vs. Chicago White Sox,
Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, Saturday at 1 p.m. (Channel 17, WGN, 640 AM, 94.9
FM, 105.7 FM)

FIRST PITCH: Not only has baseball adopted a third division in each league, it's
decided to chuck the idea of a traditional weekday afternoon game to begin the
season. After all, what better way to open the schedule than with an Easter
Sunday night game. Cincinnati Reds owner Marge Schott is so miffed that she
postponed the city's opening-day parade until Monday. You tell 'em, Margie.

St. Louis Cardinals at Cincinnati Reds, Riverfront Stadium, Cincinnati, Sunday
at 8 p.m. (ESPN)

READY FOR SOME ROUNDBALL?: The NCAA Final Four finally reaches the Charlotte
Coliseum Saturday with Arizona trying to upset Arkansas and Florida attempting
the same against Duke. Here at Best Bets we feel the Dukies will emerge as
national champions Monday night, opening up copious opportunities for the
electric Mike Kryzewski to further his budding career as a pitchman. It's worth
watching to see if Pat O'Brien will again schmooz with No. 1 Razorback fan Bill
Clinton in hopes of acquiring a Cabinet position. A whiz at futures, Hillary
says take the Pigs and lay the points.

NCAA Basketball Championship, Charlotte Coliseum, Charlotte N.C., Saturday,
Arkansas vs. Arizona, 5:40 p.m.; Florida vs. Duke, 8 p.m. (Channel 5, AM 1010).

HOW 'BOUT FEMALE ROUNDBALL?: It's only been a year since Ohio State defeated
Texas Tech in The Omni for the women's national championship. The ladies are in
Richmond to take care of business this weekend. North Carolina, Purdue, Alabama
and Louisiana Tech remain. Purdue advanced as a No. 1 seed but North Carolina
(No. 3), Alabama (No. 6) and LaTech (No. 4) are surprise entries. Unlike the
men, the women play on consecutive days in the afternoon, somewhat like baseball
used to be played.

NCAA Women's Basketball Championship, Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, Va.
(semifinals) Saturday, La. Tech vs. Alabama, 12:30 p.m., North Carolina vs
Purdue, 2:30 p.m. (Channel 5); Championship Game, Sunday, 3:45 p.m. (Channel 5)

ROLL OUT THE CARPET: Anyone needing a golf fix before the Masters should take
I-75 north this weekend and seek out the Carpet Capital Collegiate tournament in
Rocky Face. Considered one of the premier spring college tournaments, the Carpet
Capital will feature 11 of Golf World's top 25 teams, including No. 10-ranked
Georgia Tech. Defending U.S. Amateur champion Justin Leonard will be playing for
Texas. Tech redshirt freshman Mike Nicklaus, son of the Golden Bear, will be
making his collegiate debut. Tech won the event in 1991 and has finished second
three times.

Carpet Capital Collegiate, The Farm, Rocky Face, Ga. Today-Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942010279

GRAPHIC: Photo: American League MVP Frank Thomas.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              449 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 29, 1992, Tuesday

One final-hour eulogy for Quayle-Brown flap

BYLINE: Mona Charenpolitics; families; behavior; television; personalities

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 9

LENGTH: 562 words


Family values," it is now universally pronounced, were found wanting as a
campaign issue and have been laid permanently to rest. Maybe. But before the
last eulogy is spoken, it is important to straighten out what went wrong.

Vice President Dan Quayle started all this with his famous reference to "Murphy
Brown." It was a serious speech about a serious problem, and it was
well-received everywhere except Bel Air, Calif., the Upper West Side of
Manhattan and other bivouacs of the "creative community." The American public
agreed that Hollywood was offering poor role models.

But if Mr. Quayle was serious, his critics were not. The substance of his speech
was ignored and distorted in the rush to belittle and ridicule him. He received
a torrent of tendentious and dishonest responses from liberals, in Hollywood and
elsewhere. Murphy had "agonized" over her decision, they proclaimed, and Mr.
Quayle ought to be glad she didn't seek an abortion.

Gee, hasn't anybody told them that Murphy is a fictional character? They created
her pregnancy (for ratings). They could have had "Murph" use birth control. They
didn't. They could have had their character marry the baby's father. They
didn't. They went further, insinuating that marriage was an outmoded
institution.

The producers of "Murphy Brown" maintain (with straight faces) that their
character was "responsible" because she and her ex-husband both had AIDS tests
before they got carried away by passion.

Mr. Quayle's critics chose to pretend that Mr. Quayle was criticizing single
mothers, when, of course, he was making the point that a more properly ordered
society would see to it, though customs, laws and taboos, that more fathers were
involved in raising the children they sired.

Here's the part that "smart" opinion misses: Trends for the past generation have
been extremely harmful. The poverty rate among two-parent families is 5.7
percent. Among one-parent families, 33.4 percent are poor. In 1960, only 9.1
percent of children lived in single-parent families. By 1989, 24.3 percent did.
Liberals - yes, even fictional characters like Murphy Brown - who gently push
society in the direction of welcoming and accepting this trend are nudging us
toward a cliff.

The liberals are right that the president has decided to back off the issue of
family values as an election-year theme. But it isn't because the issue fails to
resonate with the American people. It's because George Bush has never understood
it. His response to the initial flap was to say he wouldn't want to criticize a
"popular show." Later, he seemed to think the issue amounted to proving that he
had more grandchildren than his opponent.

The president's flawed understanding of the issue doomed it politically. The
coup de grace was delivered by three speeches at the Republican Convention.
Barbara Bush drained the words of any meaning by asserting blandly that
"whatever family values means to you, that's what it is." And the Pats Buchanan
and Robertson, by injecting gay bashing, made it seem as if the "family values"
gambit was little more than a claim of moral superiority. (Though much else in
their speeches was excellent.)

The issue of what is happening to American families has been mauled by politics,
but it remains central to our well-being and cannot long be shelved.

Mona Charen is a syndicated columnist.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922770192

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              450 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 30, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

'Tailgate Terrorists': Other Views

SECTION: Section 11NJ; Page 14, Column 5; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 223 words


What Terence M. Ripmaster describes in his article is indeed a frightening
experience, which I am sure many motorists have shared. But permit me an
observation he may have overlooked: a high percentage of those terrorists are
young women, between 18 and 25 years of age.

They are so enchanted with themselves that they act as if the rest of the world
is there only to be shown up as something to mock and belittle.

I am not a male chauvinist. Those who might be interested can check this out for
themselves. The ''cowboy driver'' has been replaced by his sister. Yet young
women continue to get lower insurance rates, etc.

Isn't it time the whole situation is corrected? I wonder how many accidents are
caused by these careless and inconsiderate drivers.

The article surely put the problem in focus. It is too bad that many people will
treat it as someone's whimsy. Legislators, do something about this.

ROBERT J. EISERLE
  Clifton The Times welcomes letters from readers. Letters for publication
should include the writer's name, address and daytime telephone number. Letters
should be addressed to The Editor, New Jersey Weekly, The New York Times, 229
West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036. We regret that because of the large
volume of mail received we are unable to acknowledge or to return unpublished
letters.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              451 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 25, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Humphery Keeping Rookie on Bench

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 25, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: HEMPSTEAD, L.I., Aug. 24


After all the energy, cash and expertise that went into making Terry Williams
their second draft pick, the Jets will start a converted ninth-round wide
receiver at the critical left cornerback position.

''That's the hard one to play,'' Bobby Humphery, the starter, said today. ''Most
quarterbacks are right-handed and it's easier for them to throw to the left side
of the defense.''

The Jets drafted defensive backs as their second, third and fourth choices. Two
will start in the secondary, but not Williams.

''I don't want to pick on Bethune-Cookman, but the other d.b.'s have had
exposure to a bigger program,'' said Mike Faulkiner, in his first year as coach
of the defensive backs.

Williams went to Bethune-Cookman, a Division I-AA school that rarely faced the
kind of competition that Williams is up against now.

Difficult Transition

''I don't want to belittle Terry in terms of his knowledge, but a lot is new to
him,'' Faulkiner said. ''And then his shoulder injury set him back as well.''

Williams has a sore shoulder, but Humphery had replaced him before the injury.
Humphery will start with two other rookies, James Hasty of Washington State at
right corner and Erik McMillan of Missouri at free safety. The only incumbent is
Lester Lyles at strong safety.

Humphery has started only three games in the secondary, but given the state of
the Jets' secondary, he is a virtual old hand. The Jets of recent years have
rarely been able to start the same four defensive backs two games in a row.

They will need all the experience they can get since there is only one preseason
game left, Saturday against the Green Bay Packers at Madison, Wis. The Jets open
the season against the New England Patriots, whose Steve Grogan has taken
particular delight over the years in throwing successfully into the Jets'
secondary.

Humphery expected a struggle for a job this summer after the Jets picked up so
many defensive backs.

No Holdout This Time

That is the major reason why he signed a contract quickly and became the first
of the club's five defensive backs whose contracts had expired to reach
agreement. Last year he was a holdout and missed most of the preseason.

''I said to myself, 'this year I'll just come in and compete as hard as I can,'
'' said Humphery. ''I wanted to sign early and get myself in the right frame of
mind. My goal was to sign before minicamp.''

Williams, though, was penciled in as the left cornerback immediately and
Humphery was a backup.

''I accepted it,'' Humphery said. ''I just looked at it as a decision the club
wanted to make, but I said to myself, 'I'll just play as hard as I can.' ''

Although he has been a Jet since he was drafted as a receiver out of New Mexico
State in 1983, he is a virtual rookie in the secondary. He was converted there
in 1986 when, as usual, the club needed a fast cornerback.

NO GENERAL MANAGER FOR NOW

The Jets will not hire a general manager this season, and may not even be in the
market for one when it is over. A high-ranking figure in the club's hierarchy,
who doesn't want to be identified, explained that ''there is no rush. We might
surprise some people this year. And anyway you don't want to tinker with an
operation in the middle of the season.'' When Steve Gutman was named to replace
Jim Kensil as president last spring, the owner, Leon Hess, said the club would
begin a search to see if it is feasible to hire a general manager. Gutman, whose
background is finance, consults with Coach Joe Walton and the team's directors
of college and pro personnel. . . . Steve Hammond, the former Generals
linebacker who was traded for Brian Sipe, is having a tryout. He was recently
cut by Buffalo. . . . Joe Prokop appears set as the punter with the release of
Tom McCarthy. When asked whether he would bring in another punter, Walton
replied, ''Right now I feel very comfortable with Joe.'' . . . Johnny Hector
starts at halfback against Green Bay, continuing to alternate with Freeman
McNeil.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              452 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 19, 2010, Monday

COUCH SLOUCH;
Let's debunk some goofy stories you probably heard from grandpa

BYLINE: Norman Chad

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 870 words


Editor's note: This is Norman Chad's final column before a four-week vacaction.
His next column will be Aug. 22.

Every once in a while, your grandfather will tell you about some fabulous feat
that happened before you were born, often to belittle whatever modern-day
achievements some of us are celebrating. Guess what? Often, they're embellishing
the facts or just making stuff up.

Frankly, there are a lot of things - some of them sports things - I do not
believe. Here now, Couch Slouch's first installment of History That Did Not
Happen:

-Cy Young's 511 wins: This is one of sport's most unbreakable records, if it did
happen. A pitcher could average 20 wins a season for 25 years - and still be
short of Cy Young's mark!

Young made his big-league debut at age 23, pitching a three-hit shutout; he was
Stephen Strasburg before Strasburg, though, in all likelihood, less hyped. In
his second full season in 1892, Young threw 453 innings - I guess he wasn't on a
pitch count - and allegedly was 36-12.

During a career that spanned from 1890 to 1908, Young pitched for the Cleveland
Spiders, St. Louis Perfectos, Boston Americans, Cleveland Naps and Boston
Rustlers. This is the only set of facts that seem plausible - that not once, but
twice, Cleveland gave up on Cy Young himself.

Anyway, my research shows that Young often was credited with two victories on
the same day - and they weren't even playing doubleheaders! Uh, 511? Balderdash.

-Lou Gehrig's streak of playing 2,130 consecutive games: OK, let's debunk the
first myth - that Gehrig replaced a slumping Wally Pipp for the Yankees on June
2, 1925. In actuality, Gehrig arrived to the ballpark two hours early and hid
Pipp's glove, cleats and jockstrap, forcing manager Miller Huggins to insert the
21-year-old into the lineup.

Then we're told "The Iron Horse" did not miss a game between 1925 and 1939.
We're supposed to believe he played through countless injuries? They didn't even
have pain relievers back then - sure, you could get aspirin via mail order out
of Peking, but it took 90 days to ship on a slow boat from China.

Plus, my Uncle Nathan was at a Yankees-Indians game at Municipal Stadium in 1932
and Gehrig wasn't even there - he took a "personal day" because his mother had
cooked strudel.

-Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game: No TV. No radio. No fans. You know how,
like, 150,000 people claim to have been at the Polo Grounds for Bobby Thomson's
"Shot Heard 'Round the World" in 1951? Well, nobody claims to have witnessed
Wilt's feat.

It was March 2, 1962, and the Philadelphia Warriors beat the New York Knicks
169-147. According to the box score, Wilt made 36-of-63 field goal attempts and
28-of-32 free throw attempts. What, he went to bed as Warren Beatty and woke up
as Rick Barry?

The game supposedly was held in Hershey, Pa., which, to this day, does not have
a regulation-size basketball court anywhere within city limits. Not to mention
that Wilt was playing the Knicks, which, even back then, had no front office and
no defense.

-Bob Beamon's 29-foot 21/2-inch long jump: Sure, it was on TV, but it's like
Neil Armstrong's moon walk, which we now know was some Hollywood-generated sham.

The jump occurred during the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and here are
the stunning numbers: He broke the world record by nearly two feet, and Beamon
himself never reached 27 feet again. It is a statistical improbability that
anyone can exceed his average performance that much on a given day; it would be
like Keanu Reeves walking onto a movie set and turning into Russell Crowe.

Do your own at-home test: Go outside and see how far you can long jump. Maybe 8
feet. And this joker went 29 feet? Please. I'm guessing they simply measured it
wrong.

-David slays Goliath: Fable has it that Goliath, in full armor, met with David,
wearing an oxford and khakis. David struck Goliath's head with a stone from a
sling, then cut off his head and took it back to Jerusalem to sell at a weekend
swap meet.

Great, great story, the stuff of legends, except David not only didn't own a
slingshot, his parents wouldn't let him go beyond their driveway unaccompanied.

By the way, Goliath, unofficially, was 9 feet tall - he dated Gheorghe Muresan's
great-great-great-great-great-great-great aunt - and David was 5-61/2 in
Birkenstocks.

Ask The Slouch

Q. My local bowling establishment has a pitcher of Pabst on special for $6.59.
I'm a little short - I could afford, say, $5.34. Any idea where I could acquire
the extra $1.25 to enjoy some refreshing PBR with my teammates? (Chuck Moody;
Pittsburgh)

A. "Barkeep - a pitcher of PBR for my Steel City friends!"

Q. When football, baseball and basketball players miss the playoffs, they go
golfing. What do golfers do when they miss the cut? (Roberto Kirchhoff; Mayfield
Heights, Ohio)

A. Card room!

Q. How did John Daly's pants clear British customs? (Philip Booth; Houston)

A. He used a fifth of Jack Daniel's as a decoy.

Q. Were your first two wives interviewed by Jim Gray outside the courthouse
after their victories over you? (Jack Leibovitch; Towson, Md.)

A. Pay the man, Shirley.

You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just e-mail
asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              453 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            April 29, 2000, Saturday

MOSELEY IN MOOD FOR LONG TREK NORTH;
 RUGBY UNION: PREMIERSHIP TWO

BYLINE: Michael Ward

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 732 words


John White will indulge in the kind of luxury only clubs like Manchester United
and Chelsea can afford when he rotates his Moseley squad to the extent of five
changes at West Hartlepool today.

Without seeking to belittle the opposition, Moseley's director of rugby can
shunt players in and out without serious risk of being derailed by a team
already doomed to relegation with just two points to their name this season.

Poor West Hartlepool. The Friarage Road side are going down for the second year
running, a team that has yet to win at home since they went part-time and moved
in to share the ground with rival club Hartlepool Rovers.

West are well on course to concede 1,000 points for the season and Moseley,
after beating Waterloo convincingly at The Reddings last weekend, are expecting
only one result today.

'Without wishing to sound over-confident, it's a game we ought to win,' White
said. And as the Moseley coach points out, today's arduous bus journey to the
North East is likely to present more of a test than West Hartlepool.

He added: 'Inevitably, setting off early for a long jaunt can have a major
impact on your functional efficiency. I remember getting stuck in a traffic jam
on the motorway going up to Fylde a couple of years ago.

'We arrived after more than four hours on the road and the players just weren't
up for it, when they'd already beaten Fylde twice that season. Long journeys are
generally not conducive to getting your act together.

'I've been to West Hartlepool with several other clubs and it's an awkward trip.
But hopefully, we will be able to deal with it.'

While Moseley make a quintet of changes, all five of the players coming in are
established first-team players. Recalled are scrum-half Mark Chudleigh, wing
Paul Holford, hooker Gordie Houston, lock Alex Hadley and flanker Jason Mellors.

Moved to the bench as 'impact subs' are Steve Powell, Andy Gray, Richard
Protherough, Andy Hall and Bill Drake-Lee.

Long journey or not, it will be a major shock if Moseley fail to return home
with two points tonight.

MOSELEY: M Cook; G Gregory, S Brading, A Binns, P Holford; C Doyle, M Chudleigh;
T Sigley, G Houston, N Mackinnon, A Hadley, N Mitchell, J Mellors, E Orgee, N
Buxton. Replacements: W Drake-Lee, A Hall, R Sigley, R Protherough, M Long, S
Powell, A Gray.

Worcester will be playing for little more than the remnants of their pride when
they meet Manchester at Sixways today.

As if the mental wounds weren't enough, Geoff Cooke's team are carrying a clutch
of injuries to boot. The club's Tongan international duo of left wing Sateki
Tuipulotu and scrum-half Sililo Martens are out for the rest of the season with
hamstring and groin problems respectively, while lock Richard Denhardt is
written off with the broken ribs he suffered in the 21-15 defeat at Rugby last
weekend.

Hit by Denhardt's injury and the retirement of Steve Lloyd, Worcester are so
bereft of second-row forwards that Dave Merlin switches from the flank today to
fill the breach.

Stephen Ward starts his first Premiership game of the season at fly-half after
some impressive second-team displays, Brett Scriven moves to wing-forward and
Tuipulotu's exit means a recall to left wing for Mat Walker.

This is Worcester's first home game since the decision was made to reduce the
majority of the squad to part-time contracts and their morale could be severely
tested against Manchester.

WORCESTER: T Yapp; N Baxter, S Woof, R Myler, M Walker; S Ward, C Simpson
-Daniel; T Windo, J Richards, A Collins, D Merlin, C Raymond, B Scriven, N
Carter, J Jenner. Replacemens: N Lyman, L Denham, S Daws, C Hall, A Currier, M
Eastwood, B Fenley.

Beating a fragmented and bewildered Worcester was all very well, but Coventry
will present an altogether different proposition for lowly Rugby in today's
derby at Coundon Road.

Julian Horrobin returns from injury to take his place at No 8 for the home side
and a minor reshuffling of the Coventry pack sees Lee Crofts shifted up to
partner Glen Delaney in the second row and Mark Fountaine dropped to the bench.

COVENTRY: S Gough; K Johnson, N Curtis, R Hyslop, J Minshull: M Gallagher, T
Dawson; M Mika, D Addleton, T Revan, G Delaney, L Crofts, C Tarbuck, M Ellis, J
Horrobin. Replacements: M Sims, M Davies, N Lane, D Gallagher, T McMurray, M
Fontaine, R Calloway.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Chudleigh: Scrum-half back as one of five changes.

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              454 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Early Skirmishes Defining New Jersey Senate Primary Race

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1546 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Feb. 27


In a season dominated by presidential politics, the Democratic rivals for the
Senate from New Jersey have yet to take center stage. But former Gov. Jim Florio
has been attacking Jon S. Corzine, his virtually unknown opponent, every day and
from every angle, as if the June 6 primary were right around the corner.

One minute his campaign tries to portray Mr. Corzine, a former co-chairman of
Goldman, Sachs & Company, as a cutthroat Wall Street tycoon with a history of
exploiting workers. The next, it paints Mr. Corzine as a bleeding-heart
left-wing extremist who opposes the death penalty, mandatory criminal sentences
and welfare reform.

Mr. Florio accuses Mr. Corzine, whose holdings in his old firm alone are worth
more than $300 million, of cynically trying to buy the election by making or
steering huge political donations to many powerful Democrats. And he belittles
Mr. Corzine, who is so new to politics that even his supporters often
mispronounce his last name (CORE-zyne), as hopelessly naive for thinking he
could ever sell his expansive ideas in a general election, let alone in the
Senate.

Mr. Corzine, meanwhile, has not exactly been stoic in response. His staff
dutifully answers every public attack with a volley of aggressive countercharges
about Mr. Florio's record. But until last week, Mr. Corzine himself had barely
entered the fray.

Although these skirmishes have drawn little attention so far, they have revealed
the essential dynamic of what is shaping up to be a grueling Democratic contest:
Mr. Florio is desperately trying to define his opponent, while Mr. Corzine is
merely hoping to define himself, betting that New Jersey voters already know
enough about Mr. Florio to be seeking an alternative to him.

Both men have their work cut out for them. According to a Quinnipiac College
Poll released on Wednesday, only about one in five registered Democrats has
heard enough about Mr. Corzine to have any opinion of him, positive or negative.

Not surprisingly, Mr. Florio, a statewide fixture for a quarter-century, holds a
commanding lead over his opponent, 57 percent to 22 percent in the latest
survey.

But polls this early in a race typically reflect name recognition more than
anything else. Indeed, the former governor, who pushed through a $2.8 billion
tax increase in 1990 after campaigning on a promise not to raise taxes, remains
unpopular with the public a decade later, the same survey found. More ominously
for Mr. Florio, as many as 39 percent of Democrats still view him unfavorably.

In addition, Mr. Florio trails far behind the wealthy Mr. Corzine in amassing
campaign money. And Mr. Corzine has locked up the endorsements of county
organizations representing about two-thirds of the state's Democrats; on
Saturday, for example, he thrashed Mr. Florio at the Mercer County party
convention, receiving support from three out of four delegates.

Mr. Corzine will thus enjoy a preferred spot on primary ballots in those areas
and a huge manpower advantage in the crucial area of get-out-the-vote efforts.

With Mr. Florio so far ahead in the polls, and Mr. Corzine clearly winning the
political inside game, both candidates expect that their race will end up too
close to call.

To Mr. Corzine and his advisers, the campaign will not begin in earnest until
after the March 7 and 14 presidential primaries, when television advertisements
introducing his face, voice and personality to voters will begin appearing in
the New York and Philadelphia media markets. Almost every appearance Mr. Corzine
makes is being videotaped, including his endorsement on Thursday night by
Senator Frank R. Lautenberg.

State Senator Raymond J. Lesniak, a Democratic power broker from Elizabeth and
one of Mr. Corzine's chief strategists, said it would take four to six weeks of
television for rank-and-file Democratic voters to get to know Mr. Corzine. "It's
virtually impossible to define anybody in New Jersey without going on TV," he
said.

By contrast, Mr. Corzine's advisers think Mr. Florio will be able to afford no
more than two weeks of television commercials, giving their candidate a
potential head start of more than two months. "That's the kind of advantage that
a politician would salivate over," said one of Mr. Corzine's most active
supporters.

But W. Michael Murphy Jr., a co-chairman of Mr. Florio's campaign, said an
aggressive, sustained and unanswered television campaign by Mr. Corzine would
only turn off voters. "They're going to have to spend enormous amounts of money,
and at some point people are going to look at him and say, 'Oh yeah, that's the
rich guy trying to buy the election,' " said Mr. Murphy, a former prosecutor who
was a candidate for governor in 1997.

He said Mr. Florio should have enough cash on hand to run television commercials
beginning 15 to 18 days before primary day.

Mr. Murphy said that Mr. Corzine had unwisely ceded Mr. Florio the initiative in
the early going, and that he was cheered by the limited coverage of the Senate
race in the New Jersey newspapers so far.

"First impressions are always good," Mr. Murphy said. "The last two or three
weeks, we've availed ourselves of the opportunity to define Jon Corzine on our
terms before he can define himself."

The nature of Mr. Florio's freewheeling attack has surprised some observers. He
has positioned himself to Mr. Corzine's right on criminal justice issues -- Mr.
Florio supports the death penalty and mandatory sentences -- and on welfare
reform. And he criticizes Mr. Corzine's stance on the minimum wage -- that it
should be $8 an hour or more, enough to keep any person with a job from falling
below the poverty line -- as utterly unrealistic.

"Progressive isn't bad, liberal isn't bad," Mr. Murphy said, "but an extreme,
almost radical left doesn't play in a state that has historically elected
moderate candidates."

But experts say Mr. Florio is defying political common sense by running to the
right. "I don't know that you're going to get very far in a Democratic primary
by saying a guy is too liberal," said Gerald M. Pomper, a professor at Rutgers
University's Eagleton Institute of Politics. "That's a Republican tack, and most
voters aren't strategic, in the sense that you can tell them that he's too
liberal to get elected in November."

Mr. Florio, however, believes that elderly and retired voters will make up more
than half the primary electorate, his advisers say, and that they are less
liberal than other core Democratic groups, like minorities, Jews and gays and
lesbians.

For that reason, the advisers say, he has been pounding his opponent on the
subject of Social Security, accusing Mr. Corzine of supporting a privatization
of the Social Security trust fund that could threaten older Americans'
retirement benefits. Mr. Corzine says he supports only a modest investment of
the trust fund in stock index funds, and that individual benefits would remain
guaranteed by the federal government.

While the combative Mr. Florio has conducted himself as if the race were weeks
and not months away, Mr. Corzine has treated the last few weeks as a kind of
spring training, refining his message, and particularly his delivery, in the
relative obscurity and comfort of speeches to small groups and to gatherings of
party regulars.

Speaking about education policy at Drew University on Feb. 15, for example, he
almost seemed asleep on his feet, seldom looking up from his text and frequently
mangling his words. But a week later in Newark, outlining his economic views,
Mr. Corzine, now on more familiar ground, appeared more interested in what he
was saying.

He told how at Goldman, Sachs he "oversaw a budget larger than many cities' and
states' " and headed government advisory committees on federal budgeting and
borrowing.

"I am the one Democratic candidate who has a proven record of success on
economic issues," Mr. Corzine said in a dig at Mr. Florio. "These are not issues
where I'll need on-the-job training."

Such jabs are still few and far between, however. And Mr. Florio has found Mr.
Corzine's standoffishness particularly frustrating, Mr. Murphy said, likening it
to a "cone of silence" around the candidate.

"I think they probably learned some lessons from Al Checchi and Michael
Huffington and Steve Forbes," he said, mentioning three millionaire also-rans,
the first two from California. "If you have a candidate who's not an effective
communicator, then you substitute a personal message for a media message. But
New Jersey voters expect candidates to engage in a public dialogue. They want to
get to know their candidate."

Mr. Corzine's advisers say he is being wise to resist Mr. Florio's bait this
early, when comparatively few voters are listening. But they promise that he
will be ready soon enough.

They also warn that Mr. Florio's attacks early on have already justified what
could be an avalanche of equally tough Corzine commercials dredging up bad
memories of the former governor in the campaign's final days.

"People don't like negative campaigns," Senator Lesniak said. "But the idea of
being sufficiently provoked is a good thing to have. Because Florio has been
hitting so hard, so low, it creates the moral predicate for our having a strong
counterattack."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 29, 2000, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

An article yesterday about the Democratic contest for United States Senate from
New Jersey misstated former Gov. Jim Florio's approval rating in a survey
released last week. The 39 percent figure was his favorable rating among
registered Democrats, according to the Quinnipiac College Poll -- not his
unfavorable one, which was 17 percent.



GRAPHIC: Photos: Former Gov. Jim Florio, left, has been on the attack and leads
in the polls, but his rival, Jon S. Corzine, has more money and party support.
(Paul Hosefros/The New York Times); (Frank C. Dougherty)(pg. B6)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              455 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

Sebastien De La Cruz, the Bigots and the American Dream

BYLINE: By Joe Gandelman, Syndicated Columnist

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 581 words


Yes, it is possible. You can pursue the American dream. And maybe even be on
your way to achieving it by age 11. That won't necessarily stop comments by
racists or cretins who think it's cool and intelligent to stereotype, belittle
and insult. But they can't stop a proud and determined kid from marching, head
held high, straight towards that American dream.

And that's the story of San Antonio's Sebastien De La Cruz, a young singer who
sang his heart out on "America's Got Talent" and at other venues, pouring
virtually his entire being into his vocal renditions, proving that some people
are imbued with almost angelical artistic sensitivity. If De La Cruz is living
the American dream, the Internet get-a-lifers who went after him due to his high
profile seemed to be talking in their racist sleep -- and lost big time in the
end.

News accounts note that at age six, De La Cruz wanted to learn how to sing
mariachi songs. He sang at community events, and with his beautiful, proud,
strong voice soon became known in Texas as: "El Charro de Oro" (the Golden
Mariachi).

Last year, at age 10, he made it through the brutal initial auditions to get
onto "America's Got Talent." He began to cry when telling the judges that by
being up there he felt closer to his goal of winning so he could get the money
to help his brother have an operation for a hearing problem. He sang the
old-time favorite "Besame Mucho," backed by a Mariachi band.

He was later called back and did a mariachi version of Frank Sinatra's "New York
New York." In the end, he made it to the semi-finals. And it was NOT just his
age: it was his clear talent, sincerity, and commitment to his cherished art.

During Game Three of the NBA finals country artist Darius Rucker was delayed, so
De La Cruz agreed to do the Star Spangled Banner on short notice. He wowed the
stadium and home audiences. And then came Twitter:

"This lil Mexican snuck in the country like 4 hours ago no he singing the
anthem" wrote one..(De La Cruz was born here) "Why they got a Mexican kid
singing the national anthem," wrote another (apparently forgetting about
America's millions of Mexican-Americans). "Can't believe they had the nerve to
have a beaner sing the national anthem of AMERICA..." (De La Cruz's father
served in the Navy).

Was De La Cruz crushed? No. He sent his own Tweet: "Please do not pay attention
to the negative people. I am an American living the American Dream. This is part
of the American life."

News reports carried Spurs coach Gregg Popovich's reaction: "He's a class act.
Way more mature than most his age. And as much as those comments by the idiots
saddens you about your country, he makes you feel that the future could be very
bright."

And so the Spurs invited him back to do the anthem in Game Four. And he wowed
the team and audience again.

Which goes to prove: if you can imagine the American Dream, and don't let anyone
steal it, you can do it.

I suspect we'll hear a lot about De La Cruz in future years -- long after the
Tweeting racists and cretins who had their names displayed next to their Tweets
will be deservedly forgotten.



Joe Gandelman is a veteran journalist who wrote for newspapers overseas and in
the United States. He has appeared on cable news show political panels and is
Editor-in-Chief of The Moderate Voice, an Internet hub for independents,
centrists and moderates. CNN's John Avlon named him as one of the top 25
Centrists Columnists and Commentators. He can be reached at
mavenproductions.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 20, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Fighting words precede title tilt: Stripped champ Davis belittles Bell, Brown

BYLINE: Jean LeFebvre, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 627  words


Between them, Calgary's Dale (Cowboy) Brown and O'Neil (Give 'Em Hell) Bell have
17 years of professional boxing experience, 62 fights, 56 victories, 43
knockouts, a mere four losses -- and zero major titles.

All things being equal -- and it seems they very seldom are in the squared
circle -- that will change tonight in Hollywood, Fla., as the battle-tested vets
go toe-to-toe for the vacant International Boxing Federation cruiserweight
crown.

Tonight's bout will be telecast live in the United States on ESPN2's Friday
Night Fights, while TSN will show the scrap on tape delay at 2 p.m. Saturday.

The belt came up for grabs Feb. 9 when the IBF stripped (Koncrete) Kelvin Davis
of the title. The move came four days after Davis's scheduled title defence
against Bell was cancelled. Much finger-pointing followed the washout, but a
dispute between Davis and promoter Don King has been cited as the primary
culprit in the debacle.

That didn't stop the Davis camp from delivering a double low blow when the IBF
decided to pit Bell against Brown.

"O'Neil Bell and his people saw an easier fight with Dale Brown," Kelly Davis,
Kelvin's manager and brother, said in an interview with
braggingrightscorner.com, "so they're going for it. That's the type of character
O'Neil Bell is."

Brown's camp -- including trainer Kevin McDermott and manager Harry Snatic --
shrugged off Davis's barbs and suggested a good look in a polished mirror would
reveal the culprit for the lost championship.

"He was the one who backed out of the fight," said Snatic. "Bell was ready to
fight."

Brown only smiled when asked about the trash talk.

"He can say what he wants," said the 33-year-old Calgarian, who is getting his
third -- and quite possibly last -- crack at a major title. "I don't listen to
that stuff. What do I care what he says?"

Though the IBF -- generally considered one of the four major governing bodies in
the sport's alphabet soup -- took away Davis's title, the actual belt is still
in the Reno pug's mitts.

"I'm still champion," Davis declared to the Nevada Appeal newspaper. "They took
my title (out of the ring). I'm going to come in the ring with it when I fight
(World Boxing Association and World Boxing Council champ Jean-Marc) Mormeck.
That's my belt. We earned it. When I beat Mormeck, I'm going to hold all three
belts."

Just to make things a little more confusing, a likely scenario in the aftermath
of the Brown-Bell bout has the winner challenging Mormeck for the unified title.

And if you really want to scratch a divot into your noggin, consider the
rankings by The Ring Magazine, generally considered the sweet science's most
authoritative publication. The Ring, which purports to ignore all the
sanctioning-body politics, has its cruiserweight title vacant and lists former
WBC champ Wayne Braithwaite as its No. 1 contender.

Ring has Mormeck second, World Boxing Organization champ Johnny Nelson third,
Bell fourth, Davis fifth and Brown at No. 9.

Brown has twice before boxed for a belt, and has come up short each time. In
1999, Vassiliy Jirov knocked him out in the 10th round to defend the IBF belt.
Three years ago in Marseilles, France, Brown was stopped by home-country hero
Mormeck on an eighth-round TKO in a bid for the World Boxing Association title.

jlefebvre@theherald.canwest.com

IBF World Cruiserweight Tale of the Tape

Dale Brown O'Neil Bell

Nickname: Cowboy Give 'Em Hell

Birthplace: Calgary Montego Bay, Jamaica

Hometown: Calgary Atlanta

Record: 33-3-1 23-1-1

Knockouts: 21 22

Age: 33 30

Height: Six-foot-one Six-foot-one

Reach: 76.5 inches 78 inches

Stance: Orthodox Orthodox

Trainer: Kevin McDermott James Plenty

Manager: Harry Snatic Glenn Toby, William Fagen

Rankings: WBC (unranked)

WBA (sixth)

IBF (third)

WBO (second)

The Ring (seventh)

fightnews.com (sixth)

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Ted Rhodes, Calgary Herald; Calgary's Dale Brown shrugs off
criticism from deposed champion Kelvin Davis. Says Brown: "What do I care what
he says?''

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: Southwest Minnesota State University

LENGTH: 589 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2015: Southwest
Minnesota State University (SMSU).



 SMSU&rsquo;s Prohibited Code of Conduct for students bans &ldquo;cultural
intolerance,&rdquo; defined as follows:





     Any verbal or physical contact directed at an individual or group such as
racial slurs, jokes, or other behaviors that demean or belittle a person&rsquo;s
race, color, gender preference, national origin, culture, history or disability,
is prohibited. [Emphasis added.]



 SMSU is a public university, which means it cannot lawfully maintain
policies&mdash;such as this one&mdash;that violate students&rsquo; First
Amendment right to free speech. In cases too numerous to mention, courts across
the country have held that the First Amendment does not permit the prohibition
of speech simply because someone finds it offensive. In Papish v. Board of
Curators of the University of Missouri, 410 U.S. 667, 670 (1973), for example,
the Supreme Court ruled that &ldquo;the mere dissemination of ideas&mdash;no
matter how offensive to good taste&mdash;on a state university campus may not be
shut off in the name alone of &lsquo;conventions of decency.&rsquo;&rdquo; See
also Saxe v. State College Area School District, 240 F.3d 200, 206 (3d Cir.
2001) (holding that there is &ldquo;no question that the free speech clause
protects a wide variety of speech that listeners may consider deeply offensive
&hellip; .&rdquo;); Doe v. University of Michigan, 721 F. Supp. 852, 863 (E.D.
Mich. 1989) (&ldquo;Nor could the University proscribe speech simply because it
was found to be offensive, even gravely so, by large numbers of people.&rdquo;).




 Under SMSU&rsquo;s policy, any speech or expression that another student
subjectively finds &ldquo;demeaning&rdquo; or &ldquo;belittling&rdquo; is
subject to punishment. And on today&rsquo;s college campus, where students
increasingly demand the right to emotional comfort, that often includes a
tremendous amount of speech, including the expression of unpopular views on
political and social issues. If students&rsquo; free speech rights exist only at
the mercy of the most sensitive members of the university community, then
meaningful debate becomes impossible.



 There is little question, based on decades of First Amendment law, that
SMSU&rsquo;s policy is unconstitutional. And unconstitutional public university
speech codes have suffered a virtually unbroken string of federal court losses
stretching back decades. Hopefully, the SMSU administration will spare itself
the embarrassment of fighting against the Bill of Rights and will voluntarily
revise this egregiously broad policy.



 For these reasons, Southwest Minnesota State University&rsquo;s policy is our
November 2015 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college&rsquo;s or university&rsquo;s policy should be
a Speech Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to
the policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, an organization of
college faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties
on their campuses.



 Schools: Southwest Minnesota State University



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: Southwest Minnesota State University

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2015: Southwest
Minnesota State University (SMSU).



 SMSU&rsquo;s Prohibited Code of Conduct for students bans &ldquo;cultural
intolerance,&rdquo; defined as follows:





     Any verbal or physical contact directed at an individual or group such as
racial slurs, jokes, or other behaviors that demean or belittle a person&rsquo;s
race, color, gender preference, national origin, culture, history or disability,
is prohibited. [Emphasis added.]



 SMSU is a public university, which means it cannot lawfully maintain
policies&mdash;such as this one&mdash;that violate students&rsquo; First
Amendment right to free speech. In cases too numerous to mention, courts across
the country have held that the First Amendment does not permit the prohibition
of speech simply because someone finds it offensive. In Papish v. Board of
Curators of the University of Missouri, 410 U.S. 667, 670 (1973), for example,
the Supreme Court ruled that &ldquo;the mere dissemination of ideas&mdash;no
matter how offensive to good taste&mdash;on a state university campus may not be
shut off in the name alone of &lsquo;conventions of decency.&rsquo;&rdquo; See
also Saxe v. State College Area School District, 240 F.3d 200, 206 (3d Cir.
2001) (holding that there is &ldquo;no question that the free speech clause
protects a wide variety of speech that listeners may consider deeply offensive
&hellip; .&rdquo;); Doe v. University of Michigan, 721 F. Supp. 852, 863 (E.D.
Mich. 1989) (&ldquo;Nor could the University proscribe speech simply because it
was found to be offensive, even gravely so, by large numbers of people.&rdquo;).




 Under SMSU&rsquo;s policy, any speech or expression that another student
subjectively finds &ldquo;demeaning&rdquo; or &ldquo;belittling&rdquo; is
subject to punishment. And on today&rsquo;s college campus, where students
increasingly demand the right to emotional comfort, that often includes a
tremendous amount of speech, including the expression of unpopular views on
political and social issues. If students&rsquo; free speech rights exist only at
the mercy of the most sensitive members of the university community, then
meaningful debate becomes impossible.



 There is little question, based on decades of First Amendment law, that
SMSU&rsquo;s policy is unconstitutional. And unconstitutional public university
speech codes have suffered a virtually unbroken string of federal court losses
stretching back decades. Hopefully, the SMSU administration will spare itself
the embarrassment of fighting against the Bill of Rights and will voluntarily
revise this egregiously broad policy.



 For these reasons, Southwest Minnesota State University&rsquo;s policy is our
November 2015 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college&rsquo;s or university&rsquo;s policy should be
a Speech Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to
the policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, an organization of
college faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties
on their campuses.



 Schools: Southwest Minnesota State University



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           October 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

State education board chief defends takeover

BYLINE: By Steve Giegerich ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


The president of the State Board of Education said Tuesday that the state had
intervened in the St. Louis Public Schools in response to years of academic
failure, not as retribution against the elected St. Louis School Board.

State board President Peter Herschend rejected the suggestion that the state
board's actions were politically motivated.

"That belittles the State Board of Education, and it is incorrect," he testified
at a hearing in Cole County Circuit Court.

The elected School Board is challenging the state intervention that put an
appointed board in charge of the city schools in June. Supporters of the elected
board who were in the courtroom Tuesday openly derided Herschend's remarks,
drawing a rebuke from Cole County Circuit Court Judge Richard Callahan.

Two elected St. Louis School Board members, Peter Downs and Katherine Wessling,
testified earlier that the state had acted after a board majority supported by
St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay lost power.

In his defense of the state, Assistant Attorney General Paul Wilson presented
evidence that the state intervention followed years of scholastic failure in the
classroom, plus instability on the school board, high administrative turnover
and a financial outlook bordering on bankruptcy.

The real catalyst, Herschend said, was academic collapse.

"On a scale of A to F," he said, "the same grades we all received in school,
they have either been a 'D' or an 'F' every year since 1994."

Herschend said he was personally disturbed by the revolving door through which
six superintendents came or went from 2003 to 2006.

Pressed by Brostron, however, Herschend acknowledged that he did not know many
of the circumstances that resulted in the turnover.

The bulk of the evidence examined the state board's decision to revoke St.
Louis's accreditation, the first step toward invoking the statute that allows an
appointed board to run the school district.

In making his case for the elected board, Brostron glanced over the district's
failure to produce students who meet state standards for language arts and math.

Instead, his case turned on technicalities, specifically the way the state
evaluated data provided by the St. Louis schools. By law, districts must meet at
least six of 14 performance standards imposed by the state before they are
provisionally accredited.

St. Louis fell two points short because of its inability to meet the benchmarks
in college placement and career education.

Rebecca Kemna, the state coordinator for school improvement and accountability,
agreed when Brostron argued that the state had evaluated St. Louis's data
differently from how it evaluated data from other districts. The reason, Kemna
said, was the desegregation agreement that has affected the city schools since
1999.

"The St. Louis district is a unique entity under the law," Herschend said.

Because of a heavy caseload, Callahan asked that attorneys for both sides return
Dec. 7 for closing arguments.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             March 27, 2006 Monday

Report remarks to manager

BYLINE: Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: Z_LIFE

LENGTH: 422 words


Dear Abby: A new co-worker seemed to be a nice person and potential friend when
she was hired.

However, after a few months, she began making comments to me or about me in
front of others. Sometimes they are good-natured, but more often they are
insulting -- although presented as a "joke."

I feel this is inappropriate, especially in the workplace.

I have heard that this is a type of bullying where, if the victim objects, then
the perpetrator belittles him or her as being "oversensitive," thus adding salt
to the wound.

I have noticed that people who play this little mind game on others can dish it
out but can't take it when someone retaliates. I've seen this happen in families
where one sibling is scapegoated and picked on.

I don't want to waste energy playing games, but I don't want to be a victim,
either, so I have decided to ignore the comments and/or interrupt her by
changing the subject or making an excuse to leave the room.

Have you any other suggestions? -- Not a victim

Dear Not a Victim: When someone is ridiculed in the workplace, it usually isn't
intended to be a joke, nor is it funny. It is intended to make the person appear
less effective.

I do have another suggestion. Report it to your supervisor or office manager,
and explain she is making you uncomfortable. If her "witticisms" fall under a
protected category (gender, religion, race, sexual orientation), she could be
creating a hostile work environment and management needs to be made aware of it.

Dear Abby: I am the youngest of four children. My eldest brother died when he
was an infant. But in our family it is like he never existed. My father always
describes us as his three children, but my mother will talk about him a little.

Is it something I can mention when asked, "Do you have any siblings?" Can I
mention my invisible brother? Should I say I am the youngest of four and leave
it at that, or should I go with what my parents have always said -- the youngest
of three? -- Unsure in Bremerton, Wash.

Dear Unsure: It would be less confusing if you were to reply the way your
parents do -- that you are the youngest of three children.

When you get to know people better, to the point that you get to know their
family history, you can then discuss the tragedy your parents faced when they
lost their first child.

P.S. I am guessing that your parents do not discuss their firstborn because the
subject is still painful.

Abigail Van Buren is the pen name for Jeanne Phillips. Write to Dear Abby at
P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069 or to www.dearabby.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              June 19, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tampa as All-America as it gets

BYLINE: STEVE OTTO Steve Otto, sotto@tampatrib.com sotto@tampat

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 513 words


By STEVE OTTO

sotto@tampatrib.com

At some point this evening, the judges will turn in their ballots. The 32 groups
from across the country that have been doing whatever junketeers do on the road
will look at the stage at the downtown Marriott Waterside and the announcement
will be made on which 10 cities are this year's All-America City award winners.

Tampa, one of the finalists, is also one of the favorites. I mean how could you
spend a few days at the Waterside, sipping pina coladas, eating grouper
sandwiches and strolling up and down the Riverwalk, and not love us? OK, skip
the Riverwalk part. It's way too steamy, and some of those people from up North
probably would collapse if they went more than 50 yards. Save the Riverwalk for
the snowbirds who come back this winter.

Home sweet home

I never would belittle any of the other finalists, although I'm not sure how you
compare cities like Phoenix and Tampa with Benson, N.C.; Rowlett, Texas; and
Rancho Cordova, Calif.

I'm sure all are fine places to live, although Rancho Cordova has been
incorporated for only five years. Rowlett, which used to be called Morris, is
more a bedroom community of Dallas than a city. Benson, like almost anywhere in
North Carolina, is a great place to be, although its presentation largely is
based on the expansion of a pound cake company. I think I would rather see
Rowlett in a barbecue contest, matching its Texas brisket against the North
Carolina vinegar sauce and coleslaw pork of Benson.

There is Bensenville, Ill., which is best known as the place where the gangland
Spilotro Brothers (you might have seen this in the movie "Casino") were executed
in somebody's basement.

Lately, the town has been fighting with its big sister, Chicago, which wants to
move a cemetery to lengthen a runway at O'Hare International Airport.

The truth is all of these are American communities doing their best not just to
survive but to offer some hope for the future. If the All-America City
competition is just marketing fluff, then maybe that's not so bad. We can use
some good PR.

Our town

We were declared an All-America City in 1990, when Sandy Freedman was mayor.
Whether that made any difference in anything is up for debate, except that today
former Mayor Sandy is president of the National Civic League, which sponsors the
event. And once again it is being held in Tampa, where the other finalists are
spending their bucks.

I think we already are winners, if only because we are facing the challenge of
other American cities: preserving those things that made us what we are while
trying to grow into this still young century; looking ahead as much as to the
past.

So I say get out and celebrate this All-America weekend. Have a Cuban sandwich,
check out the new Tampa Bay History Center, or do what most Tampa residents
traditionally do on steamy weekends like this: Hide in the living room with the
air on and something cold to drink.

Keyword: Otto Graphs, for more of Steve Otto's musings.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              462 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

30 facts about Golden State Warriors superstar Stephen Curry

BYLINE: Ben Leibowitz, Graphiq News

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 2401 words


Reigning NBA MVP Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors has taken the sport
of basketball by storm. Whether you gape in awe while watching the sharpshooter
drain three-pointers from different area codes or are in the camp of league
legends like Oscar Robertson who belittle his success , Curry no doubt gets a
conversation going.

The former Davidson College star is well on his way to attaining his second MVP
award in 2016, and potentially a second championship ring as well. As the Dubs
continue their march toward the playoffs, the PointAfter team compiled 30
stats-driven facts about No. 30.

Note: Stats referenced come courtesy of Basketball Reference and the Davidson
Men's Basketball Media Guide .1 MVP

Curry took home league MVP honors for the 2014-15 season after guiding the
Warriors to a franchise-best 67-win season.

Interestingly, his averages of 23.8 points and 7.7 assists per game were
actually slight statistical dips from the year prior, and he averaged the same
number of rebounds (4.3) compared to the season before. Nevertheless, Golden
State's team dominance with Curry as the best player propelled him to Most
Valuable Player honors.1 NBA Championship

Following the individual accomplishment of winning MVP, Curry and the Warriors
went on to win the organization's first title in 40 years against the Cleveland
Cavaliers.

In the NBA Finals, Curry averaged 26 points, 6.3 assists, 5.2 rebounds and 1.8
steals. It was his teammate, Andre Iguodala, however, who took home Finals MVP
for his defense against LeBron James and for averaging 16.3 points, 5.8 rebounds
and 4.0 assists.

After dropping Games 2 and 3, Golden State won three straight to take the
season's final series, 4-2.2x All-American

While in school at Davidson College, Curry was twice named an All-American. He
earned a Second-Team selection in 2008, and a First-Team honor the following
season as a junior (his final year at Davidson).

According to Sports Reference , Curry is the only player in Davidson history to
be named an All-American.2 FIBA World Cup Gold Medals

Playing internationally in the FIBA Basketball World Cup, a competition among
men's national teams, Curry has twice taken home gold medals for his
contributions.

The United States ousted Turkey in Turkey, 81-64, to win gold back in 2010. Four
years later, Curry earned his second gold medal for the U.S. in Spain, after the
Americans clobbered Serbia, 129-92, in the Finals.3x All-Star

Through seven professional seasons thus far, "The Baby-Faced Assassin" has made
three All-Star teams. Each time, Curry's been voted in as an All-Star starter by
the fans.

In his three career All-Star Games, Curry's averaged 17.7 points. His first two
go-arounds in the midseason showcase didn't exactly show off his skills, as he
shot 5-of-21 from beyond the arc combined (23.8 percent).5x Three-Point Shootout
Contestant (1x Champ)

Although Curry has competed in the Three-Point Shootout at All-Star Weekend five
times, he's only won the event once. This is truly shocking given how talented
he is from beyond the arc.

That happened back in 2015, when Curry reached the final round and faced off
against former three-point champ Kyrie Irving as well as teammate and fellow
"Splash Brother," Klay Thompson. Curry posted a ridiculous score of 27 after
Irving scored 17 points.

That score put a ton of pressure on Thompson, who only scored 14 points,
crowning Steph in the process.6 NBA Players from Davidson

Curry is one of six players who suited up collegiately at Davidson to make it
into the NBA, joining Dick Snyder, Fred Hetzel, Mike Maloy, Brandon Williams and
Rod Knowles.

Of the six, Snyder has played the most NBA games (964). However, his career
averages of 12.2 points, 2.9 assists and 2.8 rebounds as a pro can't even hold a
candle to Curry's career averages.

As a former MVP and NBA champion, Curry is quite clearly the best NBA player to
come out of Davidson.6 Games with 40+ Points (College)

During his career as a Davidson Wildcat, Curry compiled six games scoring 40 or
more points - a school record.

Former Davidson Wildcat Fred Hetzel, who played for the college from 1962-65,
ranks second in the category with four such games.No. 7 Overall Draft Pick

During the 2009 NBA Draft, it was unclear where Curry would land. Various
scouting reports dinged the Davidson product for his "average athleticism,"
"average size" and the fact that he relies too heavily on his outside shot, per
a New York Post article by Fred Kerber.

In an advertisement for CoachUp , Curry reads a 2009 draft report that stated,
among other things, "He will have limited success at the next level," and, "Do
not rely on him to run your team."

It appeared as if the Minnesota Timberwolves would take Curry with either their
No. 5 or No. 6 pick, but then-president of basketball operations David Kahn
drafted Ricky Rubio and Jonny Flynn, respectively. The Warriors nabbed Curry at
No. 7 overall, and, as they say, the rest is history.9 Three-Pointers in a
Single Game (College)

Back on Nov. 21, 2006, when Curry was a freshman at Davidson, he drained nine
three-pointers (a school record) against unassuming Colby College. Almost
exactly a year later, on Nov. 26, 2007, Curry cashed in on nine three-pointers
against Appalachian State.

Neither opponent was a powerhouse, but Curry's nine threes in a single game is a
Wildcats record that still stands.12 Three-Pointers in a Single Game (NBA)

In one of the best regular season games in recent memory (perhaps in the
discussion for best regular season game ever), Curry tied an NBA record by
converting 12 threes in an overtime win against the Oklahoma City Thunder on
Feb. 27, 2016.

Though he made them all look effortless, none was more exciting or impressive
than the 32-foot game-winner he sunk at then end of overtime to put Golden State
up 121-118.30 Games with 30+ Points (College)

In addition to holding the Davidson record for most games scoring 40 points or
more (six), Curry also sits atop Davidson's record books as far as games scoring
30 points or more, with 30.

If you want to take it one step further, Curry also holds the team record for
consecutive games scoring 20 or more points. He scored at least 20 in 19
straight contests during the 2008-09 season.32.4 Player Efficiency Rating

With a player efficiency rating (PER) of 32.4 through 59 games played during the
2015-16 season, Curry is on track to post the best single-season PER of all
time.

That's better than NBA legends Wilt Chamberlain, Michael Jordan and LeBron
James.41.2 Percent from Three-Point Range (College)

Throughout his college career at Davidson, Curry converted 41.2 percent of his
three-point tries. And while that mark is no doubt impressive, it doesn't earn
top honors in school history (minimum of 120 makes).

As a matter of fact, "Chef Curry" ranks third on Davidson's all-time list for
three-point percentage. Ahead of him are Derek Rucker (44.5 percent) who played
for the Wildcats from 1984-88, and Peter Anderer (43.4 percent) who played from
1999-2003.

How's that for a fun stat Rucker and Anderer can tell their grandkids some
day?45.9 Percent from Three-Point Range

Curry's 45.9 percent conversion rate from beyond the arc in 2015-16 is the best
mark in a single season in his career. When you account for volume (Curry is
taking three more threes per contest than other season prior), it's truly
astounding that Curry has been able to maintain such accuracy.

His previous high in a season was 45.5 percent back in 2011-12, but he played
just 26 games that year due to ankle injuries.54 Points in a Single Game (NBA)

On Feb. 27, 2013, Curry posted a career high with 54 points in a game against
the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden.

It's honestly rather difficult to believe that Curry's career high is "only" 54
points, provided he's made an NBA record 12 three-pointers in a single game, but
that's where he stands.

In this particular game against New York, Curry went 18-of-28 shooting overall,
7-of-15 from three-point territory and 11-of-13 from the charity stripe.86
Single-Season Steals (College)

During his junior season at Davidson, Curry swiped 86 steals over the course of
34 games (2.5 steals per contest).

His 86 pickpockets in a single season, you guessed it, stands as a Davidson
school record.90.12 Percent Free-Throw Shooting

It's no secret that Curry and Warriors head coach Steve Kerr enjoy facing off in
post-practice free throw shooting contests . Kerr was no slouch at the charity
stripe during his playing days. Though he didn't shoot many - he missed out on
joining the exclusive 50-40-90 club in 1996 because he didn't shoot enough free
throws to qualify - he made 86.4 percent of his free attempts throughout his
career.

Curry's prowess at the line is much more profound. By shooting 90.12 percent
from the charity stripe, Curry ranks No. 3 all time behind Steve Nash (90.43
percent) and Mark Price (90.39 percent). If he really locks in for the remainder
of his career, Curry has a chance to finish with the top spot.162 Three-Pointers
(College)

During Curry's sophomore season at Davidson (2007-08), the wiry point guard sunk
162 three-pointers over the course of the season. Since 1994-95, that stands as
an NCAA record for most made threes in a single campaign.

Obviously, that mark also sits as the Davidson school record, but Curry takes it
a step further. The top three seasons in Davidson history for made threes are
all three of Curry's years at the school (162, 130 and 122, respectively). No
other player in Davidson history has made more than 91 threes in a single
season.190 Pounds

Curry's size was the key variable bringing about negative commentary in scouting
reports. Per NBADraft.net , reports read: "Body is on the small side, short arms
and lack of great natural body strength," and, "Needs to add some muscles to his
upper body, but appears as though he'll always be skinny."

Curry was listed at about 185 pounds coming out of college, and while he hasn't
packed on a ton of muscle since then, it hasn't mattered. Save for the center
position, where guys will be asked to defend against bruisers like Dwight Howard
and DeMarcus Cousins, packing on mass seems overrated (just look at the gangly
Kevin Durant).272 Three-Pointers

During the 2012-13 season, Curry broke Ray Allen's all-time record for made
three-pointers in a season (269) by making 272 of them.

He'd fall short of that mark the following year, but he wasn't done setting
records...286 Three-Pointers

Two seasons after setting the NBA record for threes in a single season, Curry
upped the ante in 2014-15.

In addition to winning his first MVP award, the three-point sniper converted 286
of his tries from long range - beating his previous record by 14 triples.

Of course, Curry was still not finished.304 Three-Pointers (and counting...)

With 19 games remaining on the Warriors' schedule (as of March 10), Curry has
already shattered his previous record for three-point makes in a season. He's
also become the first player in league history to make at least 300 triples in a
single campaign.

The volume of Curry's treys is unprecedented, but that mixed with his efficiency
is arguably the most impressive aspect.730 Points Scored as a Freshman

Curry wasted no time making an impact as a scorer when he got to Davidson. He
scored 730 points as a freshman, a school record.

But that's not all. Curry's 730 points as a freshman also ranks him No. 7 in
NCAA basketball history (since 1994-95). Notable players ahead of him include
Kevin Durant and Carmelo Anthony. Interestingly, his younger brother, Seth
Curry, also scored more than 700 points as a freshman while in college at
Liberty University (the younger Curry transferred to Duke thereafter).844 Steals
(NBA)

With 844 career steals, Curry ranks No. 3 in Warriors history behind Hall of
Famers Chris Mullin (1,360) and Rick Barry (929).

Throughout Curry's career, he's garnered a reputation as a lackluster defender -
a weak link on an otherwise defensively-sound roster. And while Curry will never
be in the conversation for the league's Defensive Player of the Year award, he
has averaged at least 1.5 steals per game in each of his seven NBA seasons
(topping out at 2.1 steals per game in 2015-16).974 Single-Season Points
(College)

Curry scored 974 points for the Wildcats during the 2008-09 season (34 games
played). Ho-hum, that's a Davidson record for most points in a single season.

Of course, no disrespect to Davidson, but Curry doesn't have much competition in
terms of school records. His 974 points, however, ranks second in NCAA history
dating back to 1994-95. Only Jimmer Fredette formerly of Brigham Young
University (1,068 points in 2010-11) bests Curry's single-season mark.1,495
Three-Pointers (and counting...)

Curry has yet to complete his seventh season in the NBA, but he's drained 1,495
three-pointers. That already ranks him No. 25 all time.

As if that isn't impressive enough, consider that Curry was limited to just 26
games during his third professional season as a result of ankle injuries. At the
pace the sharpshooter has set so far, it's only a matter of time before he
overtakes Ray Allen on the NBA's all-time list for made threes.2,635 Points
(College)

Curry left for the NBA following his junior year in college at Davidson. But
even after skipping out on his senior year in favor of his NBA dreams, Curry
finished as Davidson's all-time leading scorer with 2,635 points.

He's one of just three players in Davidson history - joining John Gerdy and Fred
Hetzel - who eclipsed the 2,000-point plateau.2,803 Team Points (College)

Not every record Curry set at Davidson is strictly tied to individual
accomplishments.

During the 2007-08 season (Curry's sophomore campaign), the Davidson Wildcats
scored a school-record 2,803 points over the course of 36 games. Included in
that run were NCAA Tournament wins over Gonzaga (82-76), Georgetown (74-70) and
Wisconsin (73-56).

The Wildcats eventually fell in the Elite 8 to the eventual-champion Kansas
Jayhawks, 59-57.4,164,930 All-Star Votes

As stated earlier on in the countdown, Curry has been named to three All-Star
games, in which he was voted by fans to be a starter in each game

In the three years he's reached the All-Star Game, Curry has amassed 4,164,930
combined votes from fans. It's worth noting that fans can vote far more than
once, but that's a gaudy total regardless.

Discover More NBA Player Stats and Visualizations on PointAfter

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) celebrates after hitting
the game-winning shot in overtime of an NBA basketball game against the Oklahoma
City Thunder in Oklahoma City, Saturday, Feb. 27, 2016. Golden State won
121-118. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 16, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Young Choir's Soul-Stirring Message; Children of the Gospel Rocks Kennedy Center
With Song, Dance, Drama

Hamil R. Harris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 699 words



Some of the area's top young voices transformed the John F. Kennedy Center for
the Performing Arts into a soul-stirring celebration of music, drama and dance
yesterday as the Washington Performing Arts Society presented Children of the
Gospel. And for the sixth year, the concert hall was packed.

From Felix Mendelssohn's "Lift Thine Eyes" to Kirk Franklin's "Up Above My
Head," the Children of the Gospel Mass Choir, with more than 200 members, ages 8
to 18, sang its way through classics, hymns and jazzy gospel songs that
exhilarated the audience.

"This really is an opportunity to let these children express themselves
musically and to allow them to blossom as performers," said Eric Torain, of the
Performing Arts Society, who founded the area-wide youth group six years ago.

In the past, the concert has allowed the young people to perform with a
nationally known artist. This year, the society changed the format to that of an
extraterrestrial drama titled "Faith in the New Millennium."

The production began with a group of partying teenagers who belittle another
group of teenagers for going to church. Then the partying youths get a
frightening visit from two creatures from another world who expose the futility
of their lives, and suddenly there are mass conversions to Christianity.

"This is a way to express ourselves as youth," said Solomon Howard, 17, of
Fairfax, who played one of the aliens in the drama. Mike Malone, co-founder of
the Duke Ellington School of the Arts, said such productions get teenagers
"hungry" to do even more in drama.

More than 400 students audition each year to be part of the choir. Those
selected participate in weeks of rehearsals and classes in music theory, dance
and drama.

The choir also has performed, by invitation, at events such as White House galas
and the dedication in July of the African American Civil War Memorial. Last
year, 30 members of the group traveled to Spain to perform.

Also performing yesterday were the Duke Ellington School of the Arts Show Choir
and the chamber choir from Suitland High School for the Performing Arts. Both
presented selections in connection with the 100th anniversary of Duke
Ellington's birth.

"The idea is for the young people to connect their technical skills with their
inner spirit," said Thomas Dixon Tyler, one of the directors of the mass choir.

Choir members such as Angela Bowling, 15, of Colmar Manor, and Victoria Ashton,
17, of Southeast Washington, said singing in the group has helped them learn new
skills. "I hope people will be drawn to the words that we sing," said Ashton, a
soloist for the group.

Krystle Lofton, 13, said she is in the group because "I enjoy the company and
having positive influences in my life."

Elizabeth Ayres, 17, of Manassas, who is white, said singing in the group has
allowed her to become appreciative of young people of other races and
backgrounds.

"I was looking at different types of cultural singing to expand my singing
career, but this is one of the most exciting experiences that I have been
through in my entire life," Ayres said.

Throughout the two-hour program, mothers such as Barbara Cox, of Alexandria,
could hardly contain their emotions as they watched their children perform. "It
is wonderful we have been in this from the beginning," said Cox, who has two
teenagers in the group.

Although many of the young people have dreams of singing professionally one day,
Leah Clark, 14, who moved many to their feet with a stirring rendition of "Holy,
Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty," said: "It's not about me or the Kennedy Center.
I am just letting God have his way."

Ballet dancer Ebony Hamilton, 14, of Duke Ellington School of the Arts, performs
during the program. Children selected for the choir participate in weeks of
rehearsals and classes in music theory, dance and drama. From Mouths Of Babes

The Children of the Gospel Mass Choir brings a soul-stirring performance of
song, dance and an extraterrestrial drama to the Kennedy Center. At left, the
choir performs during yesterday's presentation. Above, Solomon Howard, 17,
offers a message from a being that is not of this world.




LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, CRAIG HERNDON

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              464 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 16, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Cuban-Americans Open a Dialogue With Cuba

SECTION: Section A;  Page 16;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 580 words


To the Editor:

Having just returned from "The Nation and the Emigration" conference in Havana,
I see efforts being made to belittle its importance as the first meeting since
December 1978 between officials of the Cuban Government and Cubans living
abroad.

That last meeting aimed at establishing friendly relations was aborted by the
assassination of two participants by Cuban-American terrorists. The same
terrorist forces are trying to thwart this second dialogue. Before the April
22-24 conference, they circulated a rumor that President Fidel Castro was dead
or dying. Now they create a furor about one participant's friendly attitude to
President Castro ("Kiss in Havana Causes Storm in Miami," news article, May 6).

Far more important than whether or not one of the participants kissed President
Castro are the positive developments that came out of the conference, including
these milestones: Cubans who emigrated legally can now return to Cuba to visit
their families without having to wait five years before being granted a visa;
the Ministry of Foreign Relations will create a department specifically for
dealing with issues concerning Cubans living abroad, and there will be follow-up
meetings.

The Clinton Administration needs to realize the Cuban Government and people have
learned quite a bit from the lessons of Eastern Europe. The Cuban Government is
going to be around for some time most likely, albeit with some younger faces in
prominent positions. It was Time magazine that wrote about these aspiring
"yummies" (young upwardly mobile Marxists).

With the passing of Richard M. Nixon, many people praised his overtures to China
as mastery of foreign policy. Right now in Cuba, Latin America, European, Asian
and Canadian corporations daily sign deals, while United States corporations are
forbidden to take advantage of the Cuban market. Instead of opening this market
to United States business, President Clinton tried and failed to win the Florida
vote in 1992 by favoring a tightening of the embargo to the point of trying to
starve the Cuban people into submission.

The cruelty of this policy has caused many of us in the moderate Cuban-American
community to overcome any fear of death at the hands of terrorists. With our
relatives in need there has been a mushrooming of organizations like Cambio
Cubano, Cuban Committee for Democracy and our own group.

We want to visit with our families here and in Cuba. We want to supply them with
food and medicine, not just in handouts but in amounts that can only come with
trade. Many Cuban-Americans wish even to invest in their homeland. Some want to
retire to the island. In the United States we want enforcement of the
constitutional protection of our First Amendment rights. We want to rid this
country of death threats from the likes of the terrorist Alpha 66.

My only son lives in Cuba. All our members have family in Cuba, and we will no
longer be a silent majority while opportunistic politicians like Representative
Robert Torricelli and egomaniacs like Jorge Mas Canosa, head of the Cuban
American National Foundation, use their influence to create policy that causes
our loved ones in Cuba to suffer.

Cuba is instituting reforms that improved relations with the United States would
enhance. We challenge President Clinton to try a different approach. He might
even win Florida in 1996.

RAYMUNDO DEL TORO
President, Cuban American Committee for Peace
Linden, N.J., May 6, 1994

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              465 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 7, 2015 Sunday

FLAWS? BOTH CITIES' CUPS RUNNETH OVER

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 704 words


When sports teams battle for a championship, it is a well-worn journalistic
shtick for scribblers to toss insults in the general direction of the opposing
city.

This tradition generally occurs when writers have too much time on their hands,
which appears to be the case of Rex Huppke of the Chicago Tribune. Mr. Huppke
penned a puckish diatribe intending to insult, lambaste and otherwise belittle
Tampa and the entire state of Florida merely because our hockey team, the Tampa
Bay Lightning, is facing off against the Chicago Blackhawks for the Stanley Cup.

Alas, there is a small problem with Mr. Huppke's snarkfesto. Florida and Tampa
are impossible to offend. We live here. We know. We know our shortcomings, and
we revel in our insanity, our stupidity, our dysfunction. After all, we
routinely elect our rogues, charlatans and village idiots to office.

We are easily entertained. We sent a hologram to the governor's mansion - twice!

Oddly enough, Mr. Huppke should know that. He claimed to have been born and
raised in Tampa, and given the (cough-cough) erudition displayed in his pinched
treatise, presumably he also is a product of a Florida public school education.

As is often the case with these "Tampa is a hell-hole of doomed souls" pieces,
our humidity, our bugs and our rednecks are trotted out. And yes, sigh, yes,
there is the obligatory reference to the city's "17,000 strip clubs," which one
might conclude Mr. Huppke personally counted. The real number is closer to
325,985 hoochie-cooochie emporiums, not including the massage parlors. And that
figure comes from the Blackhawks.

This may come as a shock to the tender moral sensibilities of Mr. Huppke, but
Chicago also has its fair share of coo-coo-ca-choo parlors. Just ask around the
Billy Goat Tavern for recommendations the next time you drop in. Tampa hardly
claims the corner on trollops.

The Chicago Tribune's resident whiner also flirts with politics by revisiting
Florida's 2000 presidential hanging chad debacle. Isn't this a bit risky? When
it comes to screwing up elections, the Windy City makes North Korea look like
the centerfold for the Federalist Papers. I'll see your Katherine Harris attack
and raise you a Rod Blagojevich.

Really, Illinois is a state where the retirement plan for its governors is a
jail cell.

Mr. Huppke also seems to have a strange obsession with Floridians constantly
hitting each other in the head with cans of Budweiser. This is patently
ridiculous, of course, since: A) it is a waste of beer and B) we prefer to
simply shoot each other. More efficient.

In another weird twist of wordplay, Mr. Huppke noted (inaccurately) that
Florida's major export is "people fleeing the state." If only that were true,
beginning with Tallahassee. Apparently the Chicago "journalist'' is unaware that
Florida is now the nation's third most populous state at nearly 20 million
people. And when they aren't shooting at each other, they all want to drive on
I-275 at the same time.

It is part of the unspoken rules for these kinds of columns that I'm expected to
cast aspersions on Chicago and the state of Illinois - as if this has anything
whatsoever to do with the fortunes of the Lightning and the Blackhawks. As a
former reporter and critic for the Chicago Sun-Times, I could mention (with
first-hand experience) that it gets colder than a witch's... uh, heart. And
that's in May. But everybody already knows that.

Or I could mention that the Tampa Bay Rays went to the World Series in 2008 and
the Chicago Cubs have not gone since 1945 - before even I was born. No wonder
the Cubs stole manager Joe Maddon from us. But everybody already knows that.

Aside from the frostbite in June and the fact the city council leads the nation
in Miranda warnings, Chicago is indeed a wonderful place with great restaurants,
sports teams, museums and, especially, jazz clubs where one can meet one's
future wife.

Tampa also has equally inviting charms, including some splendid weather where
one can play golf in January while Chicago is doing its best impersonation of a
nuclear winter.

Mr. Huppke might want to think about paying a visit around that time. He can
even drop by Amalie Arena and take in the sight of the Stanley Cup. We're big
into hope here.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - DIRK SHADD - Times (2004): Lord Stanley's Cup is right at home
in wacky Florida. Here, Nolan Pratt raises it at sunset in the Gulf of Mexico at
Clearwater Beach after the Lightning's championshipvictory in 2004.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Golden State Warriors closing in on being a defensive power

BYLINE: By Marcus Thompson II mthomps2@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Breaking; Warriors; News

LENGTH: 771 words


OAKLAND -- Coach Mark Jackson wants the Warriors to be a defensive team. Deep
down, he wants to belittle opposing offenses. He wants his teams to create fear
and frustration, like the Knicks and Pacers teams he played on did back in the
day.

As training camp begins, Jackson might be closer than ever before to making
Golden State that kind of team. His Warriors made noted strides defensively last
season.

Now they have the tools, on paper, to be really good on that end. Yes, the
Warriors.

"We already have established ourselves as a very good defensive team," Jackson
said. "There were nights where we were great. And then there were nights where
we could've been better. So we're going to continue to keep our foot on the gas
pedal and demand that we be an elite defensive team."

Last season, the Warriors finished fifth in the NBA in opponent's field-goal
percentage (.439). They employed a pack-the-paint philosophy and emphasized
rebounding. They offset their individual defensive shortcomings with a
help-heavy team defense concept.

But Golden State has added better individual defenders to the mix. The offseason
acquisition of Andre Iguodala gives the Warriors a versatile and proven
perimeter defender.

At 6-foot-6, 207 pounds, and being an elite athlete, Iguodala gives the Warriors
a shutdown defender to throw at the league's best players. Usually assigned to
the likes of LeBron James and Kobe Bryant (and Stephen Curry in the playoffs),
Iguodala automatically upgrades the Warriors' man-to-man defense.

And they can do that without sacrificing offense, which was the case last season
when guard Klay Thompson -- one of the Warriors' top scorers -- was called upon
to defend the best players.

Last season, Iguodala helped Denver go from being one of the league's worst
defenses to No. 11 in opponent's field-goal percentage.

"I would say I had a lot to do with it, because I had a lot of responsibility,"
he said.

He won't have to bear it alone with this roster. Thompson and then-rookie
forward Harrison Barnes grew to be capable defenders last season. Also, point
guard Toney Douglas, signed during free agency, makes his money harassing
ballhandlers. He gives the Warriors someone who can chase around the speedsters.

"I hated (Steph) Curry playing against Toney Douglas," Warriors general manager
Bob Myers said. "It was like he couldn't score."

And all of that is on top of Andrew Bogut being healthy. According to the
reports from the Warriors' private workouts, he's looking like the guy who was
once a top-three center in the NBA. If that's true, the Warriors have one of the
better defensive centers in the league.

The last time he was healthy, when he played 65 games for Milwaukee in 2010-11,
Bogut averaged 11.1 rebounds and an NBA-best 2.6 blocks. Even when injured, he
showed flashes of how much he can impact Golden State.

"The playoffs were a big struggle for me, just getting through the end of the
season," Bogut said. "My tank was snapped off past empty. But right now, this is
the best I've felt since I broke my ankle."

Bogut anchors a front line that is bigger and stronger than in the past. Last
season, the Warriors went undersized at center a lot, playing forwards David Lee
and Carl Landry. But they added veteran big man Jermaine O'Neal to back up
Bogut, at least until second-year center Festus Ezeli returns from knee surgery.

Jackson said the Warriors' size adds another style they can play. The Warriors
often turned to zone last season. Now, they figure to be able to press on the
perimeter and match up with bigger teams. On paper.

"It will be interesting to see how it jells," Myers said. "We think we've got
some greater individual defenders. We think we've got some smart team-oriented
defenders."

Rookie center Ognjen Kuzmic, whom the Warriors drafted with the No. 52 overall
pick in 2012, signed a guaranteed two-year deal for the league minimum. Kuzmic,
23, is a 7-foot-1, 251-pounder from Bosnia.

Former lottery pick Joe Alexander has been added to the Warriors' training camp
roster. The 6-foot-8, 230-pounder out of West Virginia missed last season with a
hamstring injury. Before that, he averaged 8.4 points and 3.8 rebounds in a
Russian League.

Alexander was drafted No. 8 overall by Milwaukee in 2008.

ONLINE EXTRAS

Warriors guard Stephen Curry leaves Nike. Read the full story, and see a full
photo gallery of media day, atwww.mercurynews.com/warriors .


GETTING SOCIAL


Rookie guard Seth Curry poses for a picture to live tweet during media day at
the Warriors' practice facility Friday in Oakland. Curry, who played for Duke,
is the younger brother of Warriors star point guard Stephen Curry.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Golden State Warriors' Seth Curry (3) signs a basketball during a media
day at the Warriors' practice facility in downtown Oakland, Calif., on Friday,
Sept. 27, 2013. Curry, who played for Duke, and is the younger brother of
Warriors guard Stephen Curry, has signed a non-guaranteed contract for the
Warriors training camp. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Golden State Warriors guard Cameron Jones is interviewed during media day at the
Warriors' practice facility in downtown Oakland, Calif., on Friday, Sept. 27,
2013. Jones, 24, played for the Santa Cruz Warriors of the NBA Development
League last season. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Golden State Warriors' Andre Iguodala is interviews during media day at the
Warriors' practice facility in downtown Oakland, Calif., on Friday, Sept. 27,
2013. Iguodala signed a four-year $48 million dollar deal with the Warriors.
(Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 18, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Moussaoui Rails at System;
'Slave of Allah' Assails U.S., Lawyers, Judge

BYLINE: Carol Morello, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 673 words


A federal judge yesterday unsealed more than a dozen motions filed by Zacarias
Moussaoui in which he curses the judge, belittles his lawyers and writes
contemptuously about Jews, the United States and the legal system.

Moussaoui, a French citizen who is acting as his own attorney, cites the U.S.
Constitution, legal precedent and Koranic suras, or verses, in motions he wrote
in longhand on lined notepaper, occasionally underlining some phrases for
emphasis and crossing out others where he made mistakes.

Calling himself a "slave of Allah" in each of the filings, Moussaoui is openly
disdainful of the U.S. legal system and what he refers to as his "so-called
court-appointed attorneys." He called one lawyer a "nasty Jewish zealot,"
another a "right wing racist," yet another a government "undercover crusader."
In one motion, he called the lawyers the "bloodsucker death team."

U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema, who last week concluded that Moussaoui
was not insane when he demanded to fire his court-appointed attorneys and
represent himself, dismissed one of the lawyers as standby counsel and appointed
Alan H. Yamamoto, who has handled capital cases before Brinkema, in his place.

Moussaoui is charged with conspiring with Osama bin Laden and the 19 hijackers
in carrying out the Sept. 11 attacks. He faces the death penalty if convicted.

The 15 motions Moussaoui filed between late April and last week reveal a man who
has been doing his homework during his confinement in the Alexandria jail and
who appears to grasp many principles of constitutional law. But his arguments
are peppered with references to his virulent loathing of the United States,
government employees, Jews and Christians.

The motions are suffused with Moussaoui's religious beliefs. Several begin with
the Arabic words "Allahu Akhbar," or "God is great." Each ends with verses from
the Koran warning of severe punishment for whoever defies Allah. He makes
repeated reference to his desire to have a Muslim lawyer, as opposed to, as he
wrote in an April 29 motion, "a Christian, a Pagan, a Jew or a Devil worshiper .
. . (all the same thing: Unbelievers)."

Moussaoui's understanding of U.S. legalities and his possible obstacles in
defending himself were evident in his April 26 motion to move the trial from
Alexandria.

He said he did not believe he could receive a fair trial in Northern Virginia
because of the likely "over representation of government employees in the
potential jury pull."

"My case should be moved to a more neutral location, such as Denver Colorado,"
he wrote, suggesting that a more apt jury of his peers would include "12
Talebans from Cuba!"

" . . . Basically, it is one thing to be unfairly judged by hostile Americans,
but it is much more difficult to be lynched by government potential victim
employees," he wrote.

In all his motions, Moussaoui has painstakingly copied paragraphs from legal
precedents, underlining phrases he wants to highlight and noting, in
parentheses, "emphasis added."

Moussaoui's contempt for the U.S. legal system appears matched by his
self-confidence that he can master it.

In a May 4 appeal in which he asked the court to "declare null and void" the
charges, Moussaoui cited the due process clause of the 14th Amendment. Then he
criticized the entire system.

"It is clear to me that the legal system has no faith in their own law," he
wrote. "Not really surprising for a secular, godless system."

Then he added, almost as a boast: "It is my intention to win this case, Allah
willing. By walking out of the court and fly out on 747-400. 1st class."

He appeared to reserve a special degree of scorn for Brinkema, who he suggested
was suffering from "some kind of post traumatic mental disorder."

"You have denied me the right to choose my own Muslim lawyer by perverting your
own evil system further," he wrote in an April 29 motion. Adding that he
believes Brinkema wants to see him dead, Moussaoui ended his motion by writing
to the judge, "The curse of Allah is and be on you."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              468 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Republicans fight 'sexist smears'

BYLINE: Steven Edwards, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, Minn.


ST. PAUL, Minn. -- The McCain campaign launched a ferocious counter-attack
against what they called "falsehoods and smears" about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin
on Wednesday.

The Republicans dispatched party heavyweights to speak out in support of the
vice-presidential candidate and released an ad that belittles Democratic rival
Barack Obama's experience.

The campaign charged the media had been complicit in gratuitous sexism, and
leading female Republicans said they would not stand idly by without hitting
back.

Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani toured TV networks ahead of his address
Wednesday to vigorously promote Palin's suitability as John McCain's running
mate.

Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman and Congressman Eric Cantor also scheduled a
news conference calling on Obama to condemn one of his spokesmen who -- the
McCain camp says -- implied Palin was no friend of Jews.

The implication was based on her "one-time" support for controversial TV pundit
Pat Buchanan's former presidential bid.

"Palin was a supporter of (MSNBC analyst) Pat Buchanan, a right-winger or as
many Jews call him: a Nazi sympathizer," Obama spokesman Mark Bubriski wrote in
an e-mail.

The onslaught got under way as McCain arrived in St. Paul, Minn., for the
Republican National Convention, where delegates were to nominate him Wednesday
night as the Republican presidential candidate and to hear him accept the
nomination Thursday.

Democrats have pushed to turn the swirl of rumours and potentially problematic
revelations surrounding McCain's pick of Palin -- a first-term governor and
former small-town mayor -- into an indictment of his ability to make sound
judgments.

McCain had met her just twice when he named her as his running mate Friday,
leading critics to charge he acted hastily to appease the party's conservatives,
who are thrilled with her socially conservative stances that include opposition
to abortion and support for gun ownership rights.

As part of the counter-offensive Wednesday, Steven Schmidt, senior McCain
adviser, declared the campaign will answer no more questions about how she was
vetted.

"Her selection came after a six-month-long rigorous vetting process where her
extraordinary credentials and exceptionalism became clear," Schmidt said in a
statement.

"This vetting controversy is a faux media scandal designed to destroy the first
female Republican nominee for vice-president of the United States who has never
been a part of the old boys' network that has come to dominate the news
establishment in this country."

The campaign issued a list of allegedly sexist attacks on Palin that included
comments by TV hosts and print journalists suggesting she wouldn't be able to
meet the demands of office while also trying to raise her children.

"The Republican party will not stand by in the face of sexist smears," Carly
Fiorina, chairwoman of RNC Victory 2008, said as she and other prominent female
McCain-Palin supporters hosted a news conference at the convention.

Rosario Marin, former U.S. treasurer, focused on now-disproved Internet rumours
claiming Bristol was the mother of Palin's fifth child, a boy born with Down
syndrome born in April.

"As the mother of a child with Down syndrome, I am offended that the media has
made much to do about that," she said.

"I am also a former mayor (like Palin) and who better than her to understand the
challenges of trying to balance career and family?"

The Obama campaign late Wednesday issued its own warning about the McCain
counter-attack.

"In the next 36 hours, the McCain campaign will be pouring millions of dollars
-- if not tens of millions -- into negative attack ads against Barack Obama,"
said David Plouffe, Obama's campaign chief.

But he added McCain "is offering a third term of the disastrous Bush agenda, so
it's no wonder his campaign would choose to focus on attacks instead of issues."

- - -

SOUND OFF

More at LEADERPOST.COM

HAVE YOUR SAY: Would you rather vote in the Canadian or American election?

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Getty Images; U.S. Senator Norm Coleman speaks at the Republican
National Convention in St. Paul, Minn., on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 22, 2002, Friday

CITY RIPS EBAY SALE OF 9/11 ITEMS

BYLINE: By DAVID SALTONSTALL   DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 419 words


The city's top lawyer angrily demanded that the Internet auction house eBay
remove from its site all items related to the World Trade Center attacks -
accusing the company yesterday of trying "to profit from mass murder."

"The trade in such 'memorabilia' insults all New Yorkers and belittles the
memory of those who died on Sept. 11," Corporation Counsel Michael Cardozo wrote
in a scathing letter to company CEO Meg Whitman.

But eBay officials, while agreeing to take down many items targeted by the city,
refused last night to commit to a blanket ban, saying it would "leave moral
judgments up to our sellers."

"It is important that we let our buyers and sellers make decisions about what's
appropriate," said eBay spokesman Henry Gomez. "That's what eBay is

all about."

Among the items for sale that drew the city's attention were a compact disk
containing "very graphic radio transmissions" from Sept. 11, according to the
sales pitch on the site; pictures taken that day by a city ambulance driver; a
child's toy that depicts an airplane circling the twin towers, and scores of
T-shirts, posters and other items bearing the trademarked insignias of the
city's Police and Fire departments.

By last night, those items, which

officials conceded were in violation of company policies that forbid offensive
or trademarked items, had been removed by the San Jose, Calif.-based company.

Left untouched were 2,000 to 3,000 other World Trade Center-related items - many
of them old photos or postcards of the towers - that eBay officials said their
users had a First Amendment right to buy and sell.

"For us to limit that arbitrarily is something we cannot do," Gomez said.

City officials were studying a written response from the company last night, but
not before several bitter exchanges between the two sides.

At one point yesterday, Cardozo suggested that eBay's attitude stemmed from the
fact that "they're based in California."

"Anyone sitting and living in the City of New York who deals with the reminders
of the tragedy ... couldn't possibly have that attitude," Cardozo said.

Company officials, whose "Auction for America" raised some $10 million for the
victims of the Trade Center attacks, took swift offense.

"Your remarks are even more surprising, given that users in the New York
metropolitan area have apparently listed at least a quarter of the World Trade
Center items up for sale," said eBay deputy counsel Robert Chestnut in a letter
faxed to Cardozo last night.


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: pin with cops' & firefighters' insignias.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                              470 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 3, 1995 Thursday

Firms freeze out stock bashers   RETRIBUTION / It's a fact of life on Wall
Street:   Analysts who issue sell recommendations or make   negative comments
are being left out in the cold.

BYLINE: MICHAEL SICONOLFI; GAM

LENGTH: 2099 words

DATELINE: New York NY


BY MICHAEL SICONOLFI
The Wall Street Journal
  New York
 WHEN Boston Chicken Inc. hosted a group of research analysts at a Vail,
Colo., ski resort in February, Roger Lipton was banned.

His offense? Executives at the high-flying restaurant chain were miffed
that Mr. Lipton, an independent analyst, had issued a "sell"
recommendation on the company's stock. "We don't want you here," Mr.
Lipton says Mark Stephens, Boston Chicken's chief financial officer, told
him. "We don't want you to confuse yourself with the facts."

Mr. Stephens confirms the account but says Mr. Lipton, who has a short
position in Boston Chicken - a bet its shares will fall - has spread
"disinformation" about his company. "That disenfranchised Roger" from the
right to an open door, he says.

It's a fact of life among Wall Street securities analysts: Bash a
company in a research report and brace for the deep freeze. That's because
more and more companies, big and small, are lashing out if analysts write
negative reports or issue "sell" recommendations on the companies' stock.

The retribution for negative reports takes many forms. Analysts are
excluded from meetings, outings and conference calls with top company
executives. Analysts' firms are put in the "penalty box" - that is,
bounced from trading and underwriting deals for a period of time. Company
executives publicly belittle the naysayers. In some cases, offended
companies try to get them fired. It doesn't matter whether the analysts
are right or wrong on their research calls.

The result: Some analysts or their firms cave in and compromise their
work. Sometimes this means they maintain "buy" recommendations long after
they have soured on a stock. Other times, they change "buy" to "hold" or
"speculative hold," instead of the blunter "sell." It's still a sure sign
to institutional investors to head for the exits. But less savvy
investors, who depend on research reports to decide what to buy and sell
in the marketplace, may have little idea the stock could be headed for a
dive.

"There's a game out here," says Peter Siris, a former analyst at UBS
Securities Inc. "Most people aren't fooled by what analysts have to say
. . . because they know in a lot of cases they're shills. But those poor
(small) investors - somebody ought to tell them."

The pressure to avoid negative reviews is more intense than ever, in
large part because analysts have become more expendable amid the Wall
Street layoffs of recent years. And the pressure is coming from more than
just the companies whose securities are involved. Some institutional
buyers berate or penalize brokerage firms for issuing negative research
reports on stocks they hold. After all, portfolio managers risk losing a
chunk of their bonus if the value of a big securities stake withers in the
wake of a negative report.

Mr. Siris recalls meeting a good friend on the train to East Hampton,
N.Y., last summer, the day the former analyst put out a "sell"
recommendation on Sports & Recreation Inc. stock. His friend - Mark
Goldstein, portfolio manager of the $600-million (U.S.) Manhattan Fund,
which held a chunk of Sports & Recreation shares - ignored him. When
pressed, Mr. Siris says, Mr. Goldstein snapped: "What did you do that for?
It's stupid putting out a 'sell' recommendation. It's pointless." Mr.
Goldstein declines to comment on the incident.

Not only do analysts risk ostracism and retaliation; they may also
suffer direct financial loss. Although they are supposed to provide
independent evaluations, many analysts increasingly are paid partly on the
investment banking business they generate. And this, in turn, often
depends on their good relations with officials at the companies they
review. So it doesn't pay to infuriate a client if one's firm stands to
get its banking business.

Banking analyst George Salem, formerly of Prudential Securities Inc.,
found this out the hard way. After he wrote a series of negative reports
on Citicorp in 1992, Prudential executives became frustrated that the firm
couldn't win lead manager status on asset-backed bond deals by Citicorp,
the biggest U.S. bank and an active asset-backed issuer. Citicorp
officials told Adrian Katz, then a Prudential investment banker, that the
problem was Mr. Salem and his negative view on Citicorp, a former
Prudential official says.

Mr. Katz, who now works at Smith Barney Inc., declines to comment.
Vincent Pica, Prudential's investment banking chief, says he wasn't aware
of any pressure from Citicorp. Says Charles Wainhouse, Citibank treasurer:
"Citicorp, I think, is not that kind of institution. We might occasionally
articulate unhappiness with an assessment, and relationships of course
matter in this world. But that's really a bit . . . obnoxious and
unprofessional."

Reprisals, while seldom acknowledged, appear to be common. But rarely
has apparent retribution surfaced so publicly as when Conseco Inc. in
October fired Merrill Lynch & Co. as its lead underwriter on a newly
announced $325-million convertible bond offering shortly after Merrill
analyst Edward Spehar downgraded Conseco's stock.

Conseco also halted trading with Merrill for about two weeks following
Mr. Spehar's research report, says a person familiar with the matter. The
person says the reprisals were directly linked to the analyst's research
report and that Conseco chairman Stephen Hilbert called Robert Whitelaw, a
Merrill investment banker, to fire the investment firm shortly after the
downgrade hit the news wires.

Conseco and Mr. Hilbert declined to comment on the underwriting or
trading decisions, as do Mr. Spehar and Mr. Whitelaw. A Merrill spokesman
says the firm's "practice is that our research department remains
independent."

The pressure to stay positive is most intense for analysts whose firms
have investment banking business with the issuer - or want some. Dean
Witter Discover & Co. analyst Patrick McCormack had a buy rating on K mart
Corp. last year when its stock was trading in the low $20 range. As K mart
stock tumbled into the teens, Mr. McCormack ratcheted down his rating
slightly, but steadfastly refused to issue his firm's lowest
recommendation, "swap," a euphemism for "sell." During this period, Dean
Witter won a coveted co-manager role in underwriting a $503.5-million
initial public offering of K mart's OfficeMax Inc. unit, based in Shaker
Heights, Ohio.

Days after the OfficeMax IPO settled, Mr. McCormack lowered his rating
on K mart to "swap." (Other firms have also introduced euphemisms: Brown
Brothers Harriman & Co. in June changed its lowest rating to "avoid" from
"sell." Kidder Peabody used to rate poorly performing stocks of its
investment banking clients "long-term attractive" to sidestep offending
them and losing banking business.)
   In an interview, Mr. McCormack says he had reduced his ratings on K
mart twice in the months preceding the OfficeMax IPO. "My recommendation
on K mart had nothing to do with OfficeMax," he says, before hedging a
little: "The two had very little, if anything, to do with each other.

"I don't go around whoring my recommendation or my reputation to make
money in the short run." (In a subsequent letter to The Wall Street
Journal, Mr. McCormack reiterated that his rating was based solely on the
merits.)
   In Troy, Mich., Orren Knauer, K mart's investor relations chief, says
he "certainly was aware of, what shall we say, the coincidence" of Mr.
McCormack's rating. "All I can base my relations on is the guy always has
been straight up," Mr. Knauer says. "Dean Witter is a fine house, and I
assume he has adequate and proper supervision."

Michael Feuer, OfficeMax president and chief executive, says his
company selected the underwriters for the OfficeMax IPO. "K mart had
nothing to say in the deal."

The most common complaint of bearish analysts is that they are shut out
of mailings, meetings, conference calls and gatherings of the companies
they cover. When former JW Charles Securities Inc. analyst Nancy Zambell
issued "sell" recommendations on the stocks of 13 brokerage firms in late
1993, she says one of these firms, Waterhouse Securities Inc., a big
discount broker, immediately yanked her from its mailing list and refused
to take her calls. "That's ridiculous," chairman Lawrence Waterhouse says.
"I find it hard to believe that people would not talk to her. Anybody
would be nuts to take umbrage on a 'sell' on their stock."

Raymond James & Associates Inc. went a step further. After Ms.
Zambell's report, Lawrence Silver, marketing chief at the St. Petersburg,
Fla., brokerage firm, publicly belittled JW Charles in a local newspaper.
Mr. Silver says he was annoyed not only at the bearish brokerage call, but
also at suggestions by JW Charles that it had the best research staff in
Florida.

Mr. Silver argues that brokerage firms should go easy on each other in
a bid to help improve the public's poor perception of the industry. His
beef with JW Charles? "You don't knock another brokerage firm. You never
hear McDonald's knocking Burger King."

Despite the flak, Ms. Zambell says she felt relatively free to issue
negative reports because JW Charles wasn't a big investment bank or
trading firm. When she issued the bearish call on the 13 firms, she says
her boss, Douglas Kass, told her: "If you worked at Merrill or Bear
Stearns, you never would have been able to do this." Mr. Kass declines to
comment.

But even JW Charles wasn't immune from apparent sins of omission.
Following Ms. Zambell's second bearish call on brokerage firms, she says
Mr. Kass asked her in early 1994 to exclude Bear Stearns Cos. from her
list of "sell" recommendations because the brokerage processed trades for
JW Charles. Joyce Wagner, JW Charles' compliance chief, told Mr. Kass the
recommendation "could cause problems with our relationship with Bear,"
says Marshall Leeds, JW Charles chairman. Ms. Wagner declines to comment.

The omission was made after Alan (Ace) Greenberg, Bear Stearns'
chairman, sent a note to Mr. Kass telling him "time will tell" whether Ms.
Zambell's bearish call was right. Mr. Greenberg, while acknowledging he
sent the note, says he never suggested to Mr. Kass that JW Charles delete
Bear Stearns from the "sell" list. "I'd never do that," Mr. Greenberg
says. According to Mr. Leeds: "The Ace Greenberg note had nothing to do
with my compliance director questioning" the "sell" recommendation.

Sometimes, analysts are removed from invitation lists for company
gatherings. Last month, when America Online Inc. had a party for analysts
with the firm's executives in Vienna, Va., traders say it banned Jeff
Goverman, a Cowen & Co. analyst who had been negative on the computer
firm. Mr. Goverman was asked to come alone to meet with America Online
executives at a later date.

"We felt he didn't have the facts - he either didn't understand what
was going on, or just wasn't up to date," says Richard Hanlon, America
Online's vice-president for investor relations. Mr. Hanlon says Mr.
Goverman was "perfectly comfortable" with being invited separately to see
company executives. Mr. Goverman declines to comment.

Shutting out analysts appears to directly flout the rules of the New
York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market. In a manual for its
listed companies, for instance, the Big Board says it "recommends that
companies observe an 'open door' policy in their relations with security
analysts . . . and others who have legitimate investment interest in the
company's affairs."

The manual adds: "A company should not give information to one inquirer
which it would not give to another." But it doesn't appear that the Big
Board has ever brought a disciplinary action against a listed company for
shutting out analysts.

In the meantime, officials at the Securities and Exchange Commission
say they don't believe they can do much to curb abuses. The SEC hasn't
brought any cases involving retribution against analysts or firms because
it is so difficult to prove that shareholders are significantly hurt by
the practice, says William McLucas, the SEC's enforcement chief.

With regulators on the sidelines, at least one brokerage firm is taking
a novel approach to protect investors from potential analyst abuses.
Raymond James & Associates says it will soon issue what the firm calls a
"bill of rights" with its research reports.

Among the messages: In some cases, analysts may be "leery" of issuing
"sell" recommendations "for fear of alienating companies under coverage,"
and analysts covering stocks of companies that are the firm's investment
banking clients "may be biased to produce favourable recommendations."

"We'll be stark naked in front of the world," says Mr. Silver, the
firm's marketing chief. "But we want to do what's right."
C1995 Dow Jones & Co. Inc., all rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tune out Stern's 'filthy' satellite show

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 422 words


It makes me sick to see Howard Stern, a 50-something divorced man, now make
millions being the world's dirtiest, filthiest-talking radio show host ("No
expletives deleted," Life, Tuesday).

Now Stern has no rules, no regulations, no restrictions. Now he can say the "f"
word 100 times in an hour, if he chooses. Now he can belittle the crippled and
others who need help. He no longer has the Federal Communications Commission to
watch over his filth.

So, look out America, your 12-year-olds are going to learn a lot as Stern
peddles sex talk as never before.

And what's even sadder is the prominent news coverage Stern's switch to Sirius
satellite radio has received -- as if it's the second coming of Christ. God has
to be so angry that Stern is now talking freely on satellite radio. He will
overdo it, and hopefully there will be new rules and an FCC oversight of
satellite radio as well.

We can stop Howard Stern by not subscribing to Sirius radio and banning the disc
jockey from all radios in our homes.

Jerry Hennen

Fargo, N.D.

Lobby for justice

It's almost comical to see the slow-motion scramble going on in Washington as
our legislators -- in both parties -- struggle to distance themselves from
recently indicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff ("Lobbyist's plea likely to expose
seamy underside of Congress," Editorial, Jan. 4).

But I also feel like crying. It's almost beyond belief that these legislators
take free golfing and other trips -- which their constituents couldn't afford in
three lifetimes -- and they think it's OK.

I have a fervent wish that two things come out of this:

*The guilty are punished and are thrown or voted out of the Congress.

*We impose term limits to prevent the reoccurrence of this travesty.

In reality, probably neither will happen.

Bruce Gary

Rhinelander, Wis.

Lou Rawls, an icon

Grammy-award winning vocalist Lou Rawls had a musical mixture that ultimately
made him a very celebrated icon ("Lou Rawls: 50 years of class, soul," Life,
Monday).

I remember mimicking Rawls' music in my leisure as an adolescent during the
mid-'70s through the early '80s. Then, I really dug his unique baritone vocal
quality. I rediscovered his music while searching for new songs to sing at my
favorite karaoke bar in Philadelphia recently. I purchased a CD that contains
background tracks for Lou Rawls' popular hits.

Rawls' music is often imitated but never duplicated. Recently, I tried singing
his hit song You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine and, of course, I screwed
up.

Sadly, Lou Rawls is gone.

Wayne E. Williams

Camden, N.J.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mario Anzuoni, Reuters

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

LOOKING IN: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR;
SANTORUM PLATFORM BUILT ON FEAR

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 557 words


I don't trust Rick Santorum. He is a TV talking head who uses propaganda as his
only weapon. His goal is to demonize and belittle his enemies and the enemies of
those who fund his campaign. He uses fear and bigotry in order to make his case
to capture the Republican nomination as a presidential candidate.

Who are his enemies? Here is the list: Iran, Palestine, labor unions, poor
people, Muslims, Arabs, President Barack Obama and, of course, anyone not white,
male, straight. Oh, and African Americans, who are nothing more than food-stamp
recipients.

Personally, I'd vote for the devil himself instead of Santorum!

Mahmoud El-Yousseph

Westerville, Ohio

GOooh to website

President Barack Obama's administration recently granted a waiver to 11 states
so that they would not have to comply with the requirements of the No Child Left
Behind education law. The reason given was that Congress failed to update the
law even though it is widely known that it needs revising. As usual, the
gridlocked Congress does little.

Do we hold our congressmen accountable to do their jobs? I used to think I was
by attempting to vote "bad ones" out. However, more than 85 percent of
congressmen are routinely re-elected. When one is defeated, it is usually by
another career politician who promises much to get elected and then does little.
I found a way to replace the politicians when I joined GOooh. GOooh (pronounced
Go) intends to challenge incumbents, in the primaries, with citizen
representatives chosen by the members of their district. Learn more at
www.goooh.com.

Irving B. Welchons III

Charlotte, N.C.

Put a 'STOP' to it

I have to agree with Gov. Susana Martinez on putting a stop on issuing driver's
licenses to illegal immigrants. It has to come to an end. Otherwise, the flow of
illegal immigration will never come to a "STOP." The governor is doing her best
to take control. All of us have to support the her on good important issues for
the good of the state.

Raymond Samora

Fort Sumner

Unions a non-issue

Rob Nikolewski's column "Be careful what you wish for" is the usual conservative
rant. The part I would like to comment on is about unions appearing in the top
15 lobbying groups in expenditures nine times since 1989. Wikipedia had a
listing of lobbying rankings by expenditures and industry 1998-2010. The totals
were as follows: finance -- 15 percent of the total at more than $4 billion;
health -- 15 percent at more than $4 billion; misc. business -- 14 percent at
more than $4 billion. Those big terrible labor unions came in at 1 percent, with
$427,000.

That ranks right up there with fraudulent voting, gay marriage and welfare
queens.

Leon Loan

Tucumcari

Market-driven process

If a minimum wage had no economic cost, then our legislators are mean pikers for
not raising it to $100 an hour or more. They don't do this, of course, because
the negative impacts of mandated wage hikes can be hidden among the broader
economic data when they are increased only at the rate of inflation.

Letting the minimum wage fall relative to inflation does not correlate with
actual wages paid to workers.

Rather, overall economic growth generates jobs. As workers increase their skills
and productivity, they receive better compensation. This process is necessarily
driven by the market, not government mandates.

Paul J. Gessing

president, Rio Grande Foundation

Albuquerque

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 22, 2009 Friday
                                Regional Edition

When a Man's Home Is His Castle to Care For

BYLINE: Jessica Dawson; Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 807 words


Transformer's small but ambitious new exhibition, "Domesticated: Men and the
Domestic Interior," hinges on reversals. Curator Al Miner chose eight works by
four photographers whose staged, theatrical pictures cast men in roles once
exclusively played by women: These men wash up, hold the baby or embrace their
sons with a mother's intimacy.

Although its pictures rejigger gender stereotypes, this show hardly counts as
feminist. Three of its artists are women, yet the female sex appears shrewish,
depressed or absent. "Women's work" comes off as a second-class occupation.
Rather than argue for a new paradigm, "Domesticated" boxes in both sexes.

The constraints are felt most acutely in Miner's accompanying essay, a lengthy
analysis of these pictures that (unintentionally, I assume) belittles the
domestic sphere.

Take, for instance, a pair of pictures by Spanish-born artist Yolanda del Amo,
whom Miner describes as an artist aiming to "highlight men's loss of power." One
of her tableaux features a family scene played at the kitchen table. Here, the
woman turns away, staring wanly out the window as her dutiful male partner
cradles their baby. Miner's text says the man is "forced into a 'Mr. Mom' role
by [his wife's] postpartum depression."

Miner makes it sound as if guys will nurture only when women fail them. If a man
is expected to hold a baby only under duress, his role is as limited as his
partner's. What remains is an unspoken assumption that a man's only concern is
shooting deer or climbing corporate ladders.

Another del Amo picture finds a man and a woman enacting a tense moment in a
bourgeois interior. The scene could be a still from a stage play, a face-off
between two partners. It looks like a minor argument, yet Miner writes that the
male partner is "demeaned" by a "willful" wife. Must it be so?

Elsewhere in the show, San Francisco-based artist Jamil Hellu exhibits pictures
of his male partner doing the dishes. Even here, Miner reminds us that the
dishwashing man "is no pansy." Men playing female roles must be apologized for,
it seems.

One artist here -- the most compelling of the lot -- offers androgyny as an
alternative to gender codes. Brooklyn-based Amy Elkins photographs two shirtless
young men in half-length portraits that mimic historical modes of female
portraiture. As we look at these men, we're reminded of a long tradition of
Venuses as well as the Greeks' love of a luscious boy. The subject of "Kyle"
proves an especially rich muse, his arm crossed over his chest in a gesture
suggesting both protection and flirtation.

What works about Elkins's pictures is their lack of clear-cut agenda. Yes, they
participate in the preconceived -- and sexist -- modes of art history. But they
never, ever replicate them.

Chan Chao Behind Bars

 Chan Chao's last major show was a December 2004 exhibition that filled the
erstwhile Numark Gallery with nearly life-size photographs of naked women. All
of them were attractive, most could be placed in their 20s and 30s, and each one
was shot in a domestic setting. Gallery literature claimed that the pictures
were "honest psychological portraits."

In his latest body of work, Chao turns his eye to women's prison.

Thankfully, it's not what you think. His latest suite of portraits, on view at G
Fine Art, shows women fully clothed and in complex predicaments. They are all
inmates in a Peruvian prison, and most are serving time for drug trafficking.
Chao finagled access to them through oblique channels, a skill he honed while
making the portraits of Burmese rebels that landed him a spot in the 2002
Whitney Biennial.

These women may share a quandary, but their reactions to it -- and to Chao's
camera -- vary widely.

We meet Madalith (each woman's name titles her picture) standing at full length,
her chest open and her hands on her hips; her confident pose is a model's
contrapposto. Nearby hangs a picture of Giovana, a girl who looks to be about 15
and whose frightened expression nearly fills Chao's frame. Elsewhere, Chao
captures a beatific Melissa in the prison's nursery; two tiny gold stars on the
wall frame her delicate face.

Our proximity to these women varies: Here is a women documented at half length,
here is another's face in close-up, here a woman stands full-length. These
pictures push us up close and then take us back out again, echoing each sitter's
attitude. At times, one feels that Chao is pushing limits -- as when he presses
right into young Giovana's face, as if engaging her misery.

What works about these pictures is that they don't just document a prison
population. Instead, they meditate on how people react to difficult
circumstances. Some of these women look serene, some hunger for attention and
some remain poised in the most undignified of circumstances. There's no single
read on these images -- they're as varied as we are.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Courtesy Of Chan T. Chao And G Fine Art
IMAGE; Courtesy Of Yolanda Del Amo And Hudson Franklin Gallery; Chan Chao's
"Melissa," far left, one of his prisoner portraits now at G Fine Art, and
Yolanda del Amo's "Fuencisla, Frank," among the works assembled for
"Domesticated" at Transformer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 29, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Fresh 'Beanstalk' casts fairy tale in harsh moral light

BYLINE: Kevin V. Johnson; Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 490 words

Brian Henson, the son of Muppets creator Jim Henson, likes to emphasize that he
comes from a family whose business is "entertaining . . .  the circus comes
first."

But that didn't keep a little social commentary from creeping into what Henson,
now CEO of Jim Henson Productions, came up with when CBS asked him for a new
version of the Jack and the Beanstalk fairy tale last year.

Searching for a fresh angle on the centuries-old story, Henson and writer James
V. Hart asked themselves: What if Jack lied? What if the giant wasn't a mean old
ogre who mistreated the goose that laid golden eggs, but actually a poor --
though large -- schlub trying to provide for his people? What if the hero was
really a common thief?

The answers to those questions can be seen in the CBS miniseries Jack and the
Beanstalk: The Real Story, airing Sunday and Tuesday (9 p.m. ET/PT).


The tale may startle viewers who remember the original story of a young boy who
becomes a man after his mother belittles him, but Henson has long questioned the
morality of the original.

The Jack fairy tale, he says, is similar to the embellished stories often told
by conquerors to justify their marauding actions. In those stories, he points
out, the conquerors are heroes who are rarely, if ever, held accountable for
their actions.

"What we tried to do was create a new fairy tale . . .  with the same sort of
life-and-death stakes that fairy tales have," But this time, Jack's
great-great-great-grandson, Jack Robinson (Matthew Modine), CEO of the gaming
conglomerate Robinson International, must atone for ancient wrongs after piecing
together the true story of his ancestor, whose actions have cursed every
Robinson heir to die before age 40.

"It felt timely to ask the question, 'What are your obligations?"' Henson says.
"Socially and morally, you do inherit responsibility. You can't just say, 'All
these horrible things happened and certain people benefited, but nobody inherits
the obligation.' "

Eventually, Robinson makes restitution to the giants, with the help of Ondine
(Mia Sara), a woman from the land of the giants who falls in love with him.

In the process, the story introduces some decidedly un-fairy-tale elements, such
as cloning, genetically modified crops and a Star Trek-era "transporter" for
Modine's character.

The latter was necessary because "I could only use beanstalks so many times,"
Henson says, joking.

Add the traditional golden-egg-laying goose, singing harp and actors including
Vanessa Redgrave, Darryl Hannah, Jon Voight and Richard Attenborough, and you
get what would "the big fantasy piece" for other companies, but "a reality piece
for us," Henson quips.

But there's still a Muppet heart at its core: "This movie is about . . .  making
you look at a situation from the other side," he says, "and that's really what
the Muppets are all about."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Justin Canning, CBS; PHOTO, B/W, CBS; The Real Story:
Matthew Modine and Mia Sara star in a reworked version of Jack and the
Beanstalk. Henson: Fairy-tale commentary.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              475 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Obama rebukes Trump over Khan comments

LENGTH: 511  words


US President Barack Obama addresses the 95th National Convention of Disabled
American Veterans in Atlanta, Georgia, August 1, 2016. (AFP photo)

US President Barack Obama has rebuked Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump for his comments against the Muslim parents of a slain Army soldier.

Khizr Khan, father of Captain Humayun Khan who was killed in Iraq, criticized
Trump over his proposed ban on all Muslims entering the US during a speech at
the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia five days ago.

In response, Trump tried to belittle Khan and his wife Ghazala by saying that
the slain soldier's father had delivered the entire speech because his mother
was not "allowed" to speak.

Khizr Khan holding his personal copy of the US Constitution while addressing
delegates at the Democratic National Convention at Wells Fargo Centerin
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, July 28, 2016. (AFP photo)

"No one, no one has given more for our freedom and our security than our Gold
Star families," Obama said Monday while addressing the Disabled American
Veterans' annual convention in Atlanta, Georgia.

"They represent the very best of our country," the American head of state added.
"And we have to do everything we can for those families, and honor them and be
humbled by them."

Although Obama did not mention Trump's name or his comments, he still slipped in
a jab at the bombastic billionaire by describing the veterans' organization as
"a group that understands sacrifice."

Obama's subtle attacks put him on a long list of bipartisan figures that have
condemned Trump's comments about the Khan family.

A spokesperson for Paul Ryan, the speaker of the House of Representatives, made
it clear that Ryan was not on the same page with Trump when it comes to his
ideas about Muslims.

Tim Miller, a former communications director for Jeb Bush's presidential
campaign, described Trump's remarks as "inhuman."

Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton also used the opportunity to attack Trump,
while calling on Americans to stand with the Khans.

Trump's response

Trump brought up the issue once again during a Fox News interview on Monday
night, saying the Khan family would still have their son if he was president in
2004.

Humayun Khan, 27, was killed in a 2004 car bombing attack in Iraq and was
posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart.

Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump addresses a campaign rally in
Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania, August 1, 2016. (AFP photo)

"If I were president, his son wouldn't have died because we wouldn't be in a
war," Trump said. "I wouldn't have been in the war."

Additionally, after being accused by Khan of making no sacrifices for his
country, the real estate magnate told ABC News that he has made "a lot of
sacrifices for America."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/71/147014764997.jpg

US President Barack Obama addresses the 95th National Convention of Disabled
American Veterans in Atlanta, Georgia, August 1, 2016. (AFP photo)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/9/147014765303.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/61/147014765547.jpg



LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   October 18, 1995, Wednesday, City Edition

Disney benefit policy assailed

BYLINE: BILL MOSS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



When it comes to a certain entertainment giant that sprang from the orange
groves of Orlando, the attitude in the Florida Legislature is usually one of
polite deference.

But now 15 legislators, all pro-business and all but one a Republican, have
signed a letter condemning Walt Disney Co. for extending health benefits to  the
domestic partners of gay and lesbian employees.

"The media and entertainment industry may consider this a "politically  correct'

 and courageous change in policy, but we - and others who have looked  to you as
the provider of wholesome, family-oriented entertainment - consider  your
decision a big mistake morally and financially," said an "open letter"
addressed to Disney chairman Michael Eisner and faxed to news organizations.

Local signers of the letter include Republican Sen. John Grant of Tampa and
Republican Reps. Mike Fasano of New Port Richey, Mark Flanagan of Bradenton  and
Buddy Johnson of Plant City.

The letter, written by Republican Rep. Bob Brooks, a Winter Park physician,
said the policy belittles the sanctity of marriage and endorses "a lifestyle
that is unhealthy, unnatural and unworthy of special treatment."

The letter questions offering health coverage to "people with such a high
medical risk, knowing full well that other Disney employees and the American
people will have to pick up the tab for the inevitable increased health
insurance premiums."

Brooks, an infectious disease specialist, said about a third of his  patients
have the AIDS virus. Projections are that AIDS costs $ 150,000 to  $ 200,000 per
patient to treat, he said. And since homosexual men are at a  higher risk of
AIDS, extending benefits to domestic partners of gay men will  drive up Disney's
costs, which he said will be passed on at the park gate and  box office.

Legislators generally have applauded companies that provide health coverage  for
employees and their families. When people who have no insurance coverage  get
sick, they are often treated at public hospitals supported by tax money.

Although Disney officials at corporate headquarters in California could not  be
reached Tuesday, spokesman John Dreyer has said the benefits plan is  consistent
with the company's policy against discrimination based on race or  sexual
preference.

But Brooks says the Disney policy will encourage high-risk behavior.

"I think in general by changing their policy it could result in the long  run in
more cases and other diseases related to homosexual behavior," he  said.

Rep. Johnson said the policy is unfair because it does not apply to live-in
heterosexual partners. But he said he doesn't expect anyone to file  legislation
attempting to outlaw a policy like Disney's.

The letter, written on state House letterhead, was faxed to news  organizations
anonymously. Brooks said the Florida Family Council of Tampa  faxed out copies
to news organizations because it could do the job more  expeditiously. The
two-page letter was supposed to include a cover letter  naming him as a contact,
he said.

Others who signed the letter were Democratic Rep. Everett Kelly of Tavares,  and
Republican Reps. Randy Ball of Titusville, Jerry Burroughs of Cantonment,
Marvin Couch of Oviedo, Jim Fuller and Stephen Wise of Jacksonville, Carlos
Lacasa of Miami, Ken Pruitt of Port St. Lucie, Bob Starks of Casselberry and
John Thrasher of Orange Park.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              477 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                           April 26, 1995, Wednesday

MAKING SENSE OF ANGRY MALES AND EXTREMISM

BYLINE: BY GERALD F SEIB

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1

LENGTH: 73 words


Capital Journal column by Gerald F Seib comments on the debate over right-wing
extremism in the aftermath of the terrorist bombing in Oklahoma City; suggests
that, whatever may have motivated the bombing, it would be politically unwise to
belittle the political frustrations of 'angry white males,' precisely because
those frustrations are shared by so many women and blacks (M)

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              478 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 20, 1996, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Witness in the White House

BYLINE: By David Halperin;   David Halperin is a lawyer.

SECTION: Section A;  Page 19;  Column 2;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton, a master at using the electronic media, is on the verge of
making a videotaped appearance that could hurt his re-election effort.

His former business partners James and Susan McDougal plan to call Mr. Clinton
as a witness in Federal District Court in Little Rock, Ark. They are on trial,
along with Gov. Jim Guy Tucker, for fraud and conspiracy. The prosecution
contends that Mr. Clinton helped Susan McDougal get a business loan that she
improperly put in her own bank account. Judge George Howard Jr. ruled that Mr.
Clinton's testimony is required for a fair trial.

The President's lawyers have requested that Mr. Clinton be allowed to testify
from Washington via videotape or satellite. If videotape is used, he would
answer questions from the prosecutors and defense, and it would be replayed to
the jury. Mr. Clinton's personal lawyer, David E. Kendall, has argued that
forcing him to appear in court would "belittle the office of the President in
the eyes of other nations of the world." Judge Howard will rule on the request
in the next few weeks.

Mr. Clinton is not the first President to try to avoid testifying in person.
Gerald Ford sent taped testimony to the trial of Lynette Fromme, who was
convicted of trying to shoot him. Jimmy Carter provided a tape to a grand jury
investigating the rogue financier Robert Vesco. In 1990, Ronald Reagan testified
on videotape when his national security adviser, Adm. John Poindexter, faced
charges stemming from the Iran-contra affair.

The argument about demeaning the Presidency is overblown. The Federal courtroom
in Arkansas is a dignified setting, presided over by a judge with 16 years'
experience on the Federal bench. Mr. Clinton, a former professor of
constitutional law, should recognize the gravity of a criminal trial and the
importance of allowing the defense to question witnesses directly.

There are likely to be few occasions when a judge will find that a President has
relevant testimony for a criminal trial, and going to court places minimal
burdens on the office. (Civil suits, which are more frequent and don't involve
prison terms, are another matter.)

Mr. Clinton has another reason to testify in person: self-interest. In a trial
where questions have been raised about the propriety of a President's conduct,
insisting on videotaped testimony can be a miscalculation. For instance, Admiral
Poindexter claimed that Mr. Reagan had approved his illegal actions. Mr.
Reagan's lawyer, Theodore B. Olson, saw to it that the former President never
entered the courthouse, but he was unable to prevent the tape from being
publicly released. The trial judge, Harold Greene, ruled properly that a record
of public testimony by a President could not be locked away in a vault.

The result was unforgettable: a confused former President apparently unable to
remember events during his Administration and even some of his policies.
(Doctors did not diagnose early-stage Alzheimer's disease until 1994.) Segments
of the tape were widely broadcast on news programs, not to mention "Saturday
Night Live," rock videos and other un-Presidential venues.

The appearance, stored for eternity on tape, will be one of the lasting images
of the Reagan era. If Mr. Reagan had gone to the actual trial, where there would
have been print reporters but no cameras, his difficulties would probably have
been quickly forgotten.

Bill Clinton, a lawyer and master politician at the top of his game, will likely
be more impressive than was Mr. Reagan. But unlike Mr. Reagan, he is running for
re-election. Unless he is confident that his appearance will go without a hitch
-- something no experienced trial lawyer would ever bet on -- it would be wiser
to testify in the camera-free courtroom. Otherwise, any weak point in his
testimony is likely to become a staple of Republican television commercials
through Election Day.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              479 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 17, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

If Pollsters Had Been Around During the American Revolution;
Brooklyn's Heroes

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 195 words


To the Editor:

The Society of Old Brooklynites, incorporated in 1880, objects to the sneering
substance and tone of Garrison Keillor's "In Praise of Sunshine Patriots"
(Op-Ed, July 4).

Saying "The crowd of New Yorkers who cheered on July 18, 1776, were sunshine
patriots, out for a good time, and when it came to giving their lives for their
country, they were more interested in the price of coffee," Mr. Keillor
belittles the patriots who unselfishly died for the Revolution.

Our society has a special interest in the 11,000 prisoners of war who died in
British prison ships in the East River during the Revolution. They were offered
freedom if they enlisted in the King's army. They refused, and died by the
thousands, of hunger, disease and cold. Their slogan was "Give us the prison
ships and death or Washington and liberty!"

They were buried in shallow graves along the Brooklyn shore. The bones of
thousands were eventually transferred to Fort Greene Park, where a monument was
dedicated in 1909, erected largely through this society's initiative.

BERNARD P. BRENNAN
First Vice President, Society of Old Brooklynites
Brooklyn, July 7, 1993

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              480 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    December 20, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. author big on futures

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: Chicago, IL


      To summarize his new book, Financial Innovations & Market
 Volatility, Merton Miller likes to refer to the concise way Woody Allen
encapsulates War and Peace.

The comic actor says: ''It's about Russia.'' The 1990 Nobel laureate in
economics sums up his 300-page book by saying, ''It's about futures and options
exchanges.''

''I did not say derivative exchanges,'' Miller said. ''I hate that word.

''I believe it was invented by the New York establishment as a put-down to
belittle the Chicago markets,'' he said at a recent book signing reception in
Chicago.

''They believe themselves to be the real markets and we're just a speculative
parasite, like mistletoe on an oak tree. Incidentally, mistletoe sucks the
lifeblood out of an oak.''

Miller has a long history with the futures industry. He became directly involved
in 1983 when Chicago Board of Trade president Tom Donovan - one of the two
people to whom the book is dedicated - asked him to serve as a public director
of the exchange.

He has done research for the exchanges and also served on a special committee of
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange after the 1987 stock market crash.

Since the beginning of 1990, the University of Chicago Business School professor
has served as a public governor to the Mercantile Exchange at the request of Leo
Melamed, the so-called father of financial futures and the other industry leader
to whom the book is dedicated.

Miller relies on scholarly research in the collection of his essays aimed at
defusing some of the criticism of futures markets, such as their contribution to
the stock market crashes of 1987 and 1989.

''When you have a crash it's embarrassing to people in Washington. They look for
someone to blame it on,'' Miller said.

Citing studies that conclude futures margins have little impact on market price
swings or volatility, Miller dismisses calls for increased futures margins,
which are really good-faith deposits rather than down payments, as is the case
with stocks.

''The economic impact of margins is grossly exaggerated. The charge that low
margins on futures are dangerously destabilizing the economy is just
nonsensical,'' he said, warning that over-regulation could destroy the industry.

Futures exchanges ''are in the business of selling low-cost trade execution,''
Miller said. ''Regulators do not seem to realize that the industry exists
because it is selling something cheaper than the competition. If you keep piling
on regulations it raises the costs and pretty soon it won't be cheap anymore. It
won't be the first time that people in Washington have killed the golden
goose.''

The most likely competitors to take advantage of any increase in costs of doing
futures business in the United States will be overseas exchanges, particularly
London.

''The London people want the business and they know how to go after it. If our
regulators ever push our industry to the wall, then I think London is where the
business would go. London is clearly the most sophisticated competitor we
face.''

Miller has written other books on modern finance theory, the area of his work
for which he was awarded the Nobel prize, but Financial Innovations is the first
to gain a wider readership.

''I've written other books before and they've sold like hotcakes. This one is
selling like a book,'' Miller said, joking that it may surpass sales of his
college classmate Norman Mailer - ''at least in Chicago.''




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              481 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            November 12, 2006 Sunday

Lynn should take a lesson from Henry: Be civil to your critics

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 174 words


A reader recently stated that he can no longer stomach a local talk show with
its two far-left ideologues. What took him so long? He was obviously referring
to Tweedledum and Tweedledee, aka Kevin Lynn, he of the juvenile giggling and
shouting, and his puppet and stooge, Nancy Kman, whose sole function on the show
is to echo all of Lynn's liberal bilge.

With his shrill, high-pitched tone, Lynn sounds like a precocious, smart-alecky
schoolboy trying to demonstrate how much brighter he is than the rest of us.

Before I turned him off, I noticed that when a caller refuted Lynn's drivel, he
would cut him off to have the last word and try to belittle the caller's
credibility.

On the other hand, Sue Henry, who is a pro-life conservative with whom I can
identify and whose program I listen to when I can, is civil to all her callers,
including the liberals.

My main problem with Sue is that she is a Boston Red Sox fan while I live and
die with the New York Yankees. Unfortunately, for the past six seasons I have
mostly died.

Ralph Rostock Carverton

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             August 2 1988, Tuesday

Gomer can cope and win under pressure; Sara Gomer; Tennis

BYLINE: From BARRY WOOD, Aptos, California

SECTION: Issue 63149.

LENGTH: 362 words


Aptos is a name that means very little to most people, but it now has a place in
our tennis history. For it was in this tiny Californian village, just off the
Pacific Coast Highway, that Sara Gomer on Sunday added her name to an all too
short list of British champions.

In doing so she became the first British-born player to win a tournament since
Annabel Croft won the Virginia Slims in San Diego in May, 1985. It is something
every player aspires to and many never realise.


Cynics may point out that the event did not have a top level field, that Steffi
Graf and Gabriela Sabatini and so on were missing. And realists will say that a
British player is unlikely to succeed at the highest level in the foreseeable
future.

But that does not belittle Gomer's victory. Matches still have to be won,
consistently, one after another. In winning the Northern Californian Open she
didn't drop a set, and defeated two players from the top 50, Stephanie Rehe,
ranked 25, and Robin White.

She even managed to win the tournament without necessarily playing the better
tennis on occasions. But if you are not playing as well as your opponent it is
easy to wind down, give up, and say you were beaten by a better player on the
day. It takes rather more to grit your teeth and fight it out to the bitter end.

There are two reasons Gomer won her matches last week her mental attitude and
her ever improving mobility and they are the result of much hard work by Jenny
Mitchell and Chris Bradnam.

While Mitchell's efforts have meant Gomer is no longer a lumbering giant,
Bradnam has finally got her to believe in herself and to respond positively
under pressure.

For example, both Rehe and White served for the second sets, and both times
Gomer had the mental resilience to deny them their opportunities to re-establish
themselves in the match.

'I get nervous on pressure points, but Chris has worked with me a lot on that
and I'm just starting to realise what he means that I should accept that I'm
nervous and deal with it instead of panicking. I realise now that my opponent is
usually just as nervous as me, and I can exploit that, ' she said.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              483 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Billerica Selectman Simolaris has the courage to act on his convictions

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 691 words


I have seen firsthand how people treat George Simolaris, and after witnessing
them smear his name, destroy his signs, petition to remove his 1st Amendment
rights, belittle and mock him, I felt as a resident and an informed voter, the
least I could do was share my thoughts about this man and his character.

This is my unsolicited opinion of Selectman Simolaris. I believe that George
entered into town politics with good intentions and a vision to correct the
imbalance on the board at the time. I also believe he is doing a good a job for
the residents of this town. I do not believe he has been an embarrassment to
this town in anyway, and I am puzzled by anyone who says he is.

Though there are many hard workers in this town, there are few who work as hard
for the meager allowance that George receives, nor are they subjected to the
criticism that he is.

The things people say about him are embarrassing, the way they treat him at
public places is embarrassing, the Facebook posts about him are disgraceful and
harassing. But he never retreats, stout in his mission and passionate about his
beliefs, he restores faith in me that we can all overcome our fears of
repression. All of us -- and there are many -- who are timid, who fear public
speaking and ridicule, need someone like George to get their message known.

If you have watched any Billerica Access TV at all, you have seen George
speaking out on several issues and you have also witnessed the "rolling eyes"
and "giggles" as he tries to convey his concerns. Not really the type of party a
shy resident would seek an invitation to; however, he never cowers.

One of George's most notorious accomplishments would be the "crosswalk" incident
in the town's center. Unlike some, I would not categorize the "crosswalk"
incident as an embarrassment to George anymore than I would characterize the
Boston Tea Party an embarrassment to the Sons of Liberty. And make no mistake
about it; the two are similar in more ways than you might think.

Here was a wrong that George tried to make right many times, through the
"correct" channels (the "unembarrassing" channels) and frustrated with the
system, he acted. Those actions, no matter what you may think of them, resulted
in the expeditious completion of the crosswalk painting. Wasn't it a voice of
concern and a proclamation of injustice being repeatedly ignored by Great
Brittan that ultimately triggered the Boston Tea Party, setting in motion a
vibration throughout New England that ultimately changed the course of history?

I believe George too was frustrated that the concerns of the residents were
continually disregarded, and he acted as a patriot then and many times since. So
much so, that people at Town Hall must listen when he speaks out in pursuit of
the public's best interest, and they must do so in a timely manner.

All at great personal risk, George musters the courage to go against what is
accepted and popular to forge a path of change for those of us with little
influence. As a Selectman, he does not seek to serve one group over another; his
views are thoughtful and intelligent. He believes in fiscal responsibility for
all, including future residents. No one wants the next generation to bear the
weight of an entitled generation who boosts self-serving commentary, which only
encourages frivolous spending.

I think if this town deserves anything, it is a legacy of self-worth, which can
only be accomplished with hard work and sacrifice. What we deserve is nothing
short of a town that prides itself in what it teaches the next generation
through examples in leadership and kindness. What we deserve is the opportunity
to share our ideas without being judged or intimated, without feeling we have to
empty our pockets to produce the best place for raising a family.

We deserve to be proud of what we have already accomplished together -- a great,
safe community and we deserve the ability to preserve what's left of our space
from overdevelopment. That is the municipality and message I want to pass down
to the future generations of this town. That is George's message; whose message
will you vote for?

BRENDA McDONALD

Billerica

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 20, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Official says fans should lighten up

BYLINE: Thomas O'Toole

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 506 words


Calling fan involvement "almost out of hand" when it comes to college football
officials, the Atlantic Coast Conference coordinator of officials said Tuesday
that spectators are taking a game too seriously.

"I wish the fans would back off a little bit," said Tommy Hunt. "It is called a
football game. It's not life and death.

"You ask some of the people who have been in the Middle East, like my son. He
says, 'You want to see something serious, see this planeload of coffins. This is
serious.'

"I don't want to belittle the game. The game is important. But fans should
understand officials don't care who wins."

Gordon Riese, who lives in Portland, Ore., was the replay official for the
Oregon-Oklahoma game. He works for the Pacific-10 Conference and did not
overturn a call on a disputed onside kick after replays appeared to show host
team Oregon illegally recovered.

Riese and the on-field officials were suspended for a game by the Pac-10. Riese
also told the Associated Press he has received harassing phone calls from fans
and at least one death threat. "A few of our replay officials have told me they
feel more pressure in this job than they did (as officials) on the field," said
Pac-10 spokesman Jim Muldoon.

Hunt said he regularly receives angry e-mails, letters and phone calls from fans
regarding officiating issues. But he says a death threat to an official is rare.

"It makes me angry, and it makes me feel bad for that individual who is a person
that doesn't do this for a living," Hunt said of the threat to Riese. "It's an
avocation that he's loved for years.

"People get two things mixed up: They get good mixed up with perfection. The
guys on the field are good. They aren't perfect. ... The fan involvement is
almost out of hand. I get calls and letters every day from fans. Some I take,
and some I can't take."

Spokesmen for four other conferences say they know of no other instances where a
field official received a death threat. That includes the Pac-10, where Muldoon
says more than 1,000 angry e-mails have been sent to the league office over the
Oregon game. Southeastern Conference media relations director Charles Bloom said
he has received 50 angry e-mails since the league affirmed on Monday a
controversial ruling by officials to wave off a pass interference call in
Auburn's 7-3 victory against LSU last weekend.

Hunt said officials often are subjected to taunts and thrown objects. Game
officials routinely receive security escorts to and from the field. "Fans will
throw things at you, spit at you, cuss you," Hunt said. "It's because you put on
that uniform and that hat, and (fans) think they are privileged to do that.

"Security is tight. You never know who that kook will be."

Hunt said fans need to accept one thing: "People are under the impression that
officials on the field care who wins the game. I promise you, they don't care. I
know these people. I've been in it 50 years. I have never, never been on the
field with a guy who to my knowledge cared who won the game. That implies lack
of integrity."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fans Vent Their Rage at Wagner, Who Turns a Deaf Ear

BYLINE: By BEN SHPIGEL

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; BASEBALL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 840 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, May 9


The crowd hovering above the Mets' bullpen parted after the fourth inning
Tuesday night. Until that point, those who gathered to jeer, heckle and
otherwise belittle Billy Wagner for signing a fat contract with the hated Mets
were relatively tame on the J. D. Drew Scale of Public Scorn.

Sure, they told Wagner that he should do some unprintable things with his
beloved alpacas. And it did get nastier. But when Bill Leonard and Bobby
Alyanakian, students at Drexel University, worked their way to the front of the
throng, it was as if time stopped.

Leonard and Alyanakian held aloft a seven-foot-long cardboard sign that read
''Billy the Rat!'' and joined alternately in chants of ''Sellout!'' and
''Waaaaaaaaagner!''

Wagner was making his first return to Citizens Bank Park since leaving the
Phillies in the off-season.

''You don't rip our team and our city and expect to get away with it,'' said
Leonard, of West Chester, Pa. ''Just wait if he starts warming up. Then it'll
get nuts.''

It did not seem Wagner would. The Phillies led by two runs heading into the top
of the ninth, and their new closer, Tom Gordon, had converted his first 10 save
opportunities this season. But after Gordon allowed a two-run homer to Carlos
Delgado, the Mets' bullpen, including Wagner, shifted into action. Wagner got
loose, but there would be no ''Enter Sandman.'' Aaron Heilman was chosen, and
his throwing error with the bases loaded and two outs allowed David Dellucci to
score the winning run in Philadelphia's 5-4 victory.

According to the Phillies, 7,000 fans purchased tickets Tuesday. For once, a
Pedro Martinez start was not the main attraction. An hour before the game, fans
started lining the standing-room-only section known as Ashburn Alley hoping to
be among the first to, um, welcome Wagner back to town. Wagner waited until
after the third inning to march toward the Mets' bullpen from the dugout, and at
7:57 p.m. he climbed the stairs. The visiting bullpen here is so close to the
fans that relievers have said they feel like animals at a zoo.

When the park opened in 2004, Phillies relievers occupied the upper tier, but
Wagner and a few teammates requested that they be moved to the lower tier
because they felt surrounded. He did not wish for a mulligan Tuesday night.

''The view's better up there,'' Wagner said.

Asked if he was bothered by the fans' reaction, Wagner shot the questioner a
quizzical look.

''I didn't hear a thing,'' he said.

Wagner never looked up to see the fingers wagging, the dollar bills waving and
the mouths spewing venom. He picked up a ball, rubbed it and sat in a chair
against the fence. When the first round of chants (''Three Blown Saves!'')
began, at 7:58, Wagner started clapping to keep time. When he stood up, they
yelled at him to sit down. When he sat down, they yelled at him to stand up.

''This is something I've looked forward to for a long time,'' said Charles
Maimone, a 31-year season-ticket holder from Cherry Hill, N.J. ''The guy's got
three blown saves and he comes in here spouting off. It's unbelievable.''

This, however, should not be confused with Johnny Damon's return to Boston in
pinstripes. Wagner saved 59 games during his two seasons for Phillies teams that
never reached the postseason; Damon was a Boston icon and a chief factor in
ending the Red Sox' 86-year World Series championship drought.

But the Phillies do not have a rival with whom they share more than 100 years of
curses, heartbreak and acrimony. Instead, they have the Mets. The folks around
here do not appreciate busloads of Mets fans invading their stadium, booing
their players (that's the locals' job) and stealing their stars.

Last November, less than a week after the Mets traded for Delgado and the
Phillies dealt Jim Thome, Wagner signed a four-year, $43 million contract, one
that the Phillies refused to match. At his introductory news conference at Shea
Stadium, Wagner said that if the Phillies had added a no-trade clause to their
contract offer last summer, when he was interested in re-signing, he might never
have tested free agency.

He said he enjoyed playing here, despite statements to the contrary. On various
occasions, Wagner ripped the fans (for coming to the ballpark solely to boo the
Phillies) and the cozy dimensions, then last July he called out his teammates
for not having the character and fortitude to contend.

In recent days, Wagner has been quoted in Philadelphia-area newspapers as saying
that Pat Burrell called him ''a rat'' (hence the sign) and that he often felt as
if it were ''24 against 1.'' He was not among the 24.

Three hours before Tuesday's game, Wagner spent 20 minutes in the Mets' dugout
addressing about 40 members of the news media, defusing tough questions with
self-deprecating responses. His voice was firm, his tone defiant.

Wagner has said that his hardscrabble childhood in southwestern Virginia has
steeled him for the challenge of being a major league closer. It takes a special
sort of person to laugh about being called a rat.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Phillies fans were in full voice for Mets closer Billy Wagner's
return to Philadelphia last night. (Photo by Tom Mihalek for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              486 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 18, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Outsiders Seem to Lead In a Chicago Campaign

BYLINE: By DIRK JOHNSON, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 20, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 982 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, March 17


In some ways, it seemed astonishing for Mayor Richard M. Daley, son and namesake
of this city's most famous political boss and kingmaker, to belittle the
importance of political parties.

''I don't think anybody really cares anymore if there is a donkey or an elephant
next to somebody's name,'' Mr. Daley, who does not make political endorsements,
said not long ago.

The diminishing importance of party, political machinery and ethnic alliance
here is vividly illustrated in the campaign for the Democratic nomination for
president of the Cook County Board, to be decided Tuesday.

Early in the campaign, the Democratic Party organization's slated candidate,
State Senator Ted Lechowicz, was considered the instant favorite, or at least a
formidable contender. With the slating came Democratic Party money and the
support of precinct captains who knock on doors and mail fliers to voters.

A Boasting Match, a Surprise

Mr. Lechowicz's biggest threat appeared to be Stanley T. Kusper, the County
Clerk, who is a veteran of old-guard Democratic politics. The two candidates,
who are both Polish-Americans, immediately started a boasting match over which
of them had stronger ties to Chicago's large Polish community.

But those two candidates now appear to be trailing two relative political
outsiders: Richard Phelan, a North Shore lawyer, and Eugene Pincham, a former
Circuit Court judge.

Mr. Phelan, who served as special counsel in the House ethics committee's
investigation of Jim Wright of Texas while he was Speaker of the House, holds a
narrow lead over Mr. Pincham, according to surveys by Chicago newspapers. Mr.
Kusper is running third, Mr. Lechowicz last, the surveys indicated.

Seat of County Government

The president of the Cook County Board, George Dunne, who is also chairman of
the local Democratic Party, is stepping down. The board president serves as the
chief executive for the county government, which sets property taxes and
administers the budgets of the county departments. Cook County, with a
population of 5.7 million, is the second largest county in the nation after Los
Angeles County.

For the Republican nomination, State Senator Aldo DeAngelis is running
unopposed. Even so, the Democratic nominee would be considered a heavy favorite
in the November general election, unless the nominee is Mr. Pincham, who is
black and would need to overcome the racial misgivings of some whites.

While the decline of the once-mighty Democratic machine is hardly new, the
dismal showing by the party's chosen candidate is still striking.

''The machine no longer exists,'' Paul Green, a writer on Chicago politics,
observed with only slight overstatement. ''The only people who want to resurrect
the machine are those who want to use it as a straw machine to run against.'' #2
Figures as Personifications Mr. Phelan, meanwhile, personifies relatively
affluent whites who see government's role as chiefly administrative rather than
political, and Mr. Pincham personifies blacks who seek greater political power
and would redistribute the fruits of government.

The importance of black political power here culminated in the election of
Harold Washington as Mayor in 1983 and is reflected in the Democratic Party's
choice of blacks to run for two important legal posts: Cecil Partee for Cook
County State's Attorney and Roland Burris for State Attorney General.

Working-class voters with strong ethnic identities have been declining in number
and influence for many years. Among whites, the most significant growth has come
among younger, college-educated people, but they have little interest in the
quid pro quo of classic Chicago politics.

It is that group that the urbane Mr. Phelan, a graduate of Georgetown University
Law School, has courted. In large part, he has used the strategy that worked for
Mr. Daley in last year's mayoral campaign. He is portraying himself as a
proponent of clean, bipartisan government, liberal enough to support affirmative
action for minority members and equal rights for homosexuals yet fiscally
prudent enough to avoid higher taxes.

In the Past, Exclusive Clubs

Former Judge Pincham, a graduate of Northwestern University Law School, was
considered a brilliant courtroom lawyer. He has cast himself as a champion of
the underdog, criticizing Mr. Phelan for once belonging to wealthy country clubs
that exluded women and had few black or Jewish members.

But Mr. Pincham's candidacy has been dogged by white voters' memories of a fiery
speech he delivered in 1987 on behalf of Mr. Washington, who died later that
year. He said any black voter who did not support Mr. Washington ''ought to be
hung.'' He has also been criticized by some women's groups for rulings they have
characterized as lenient to rapists.

Both Chicago daily newspapers, The Tribune and The Sun-Times, have cited Mr.
Pincham's speech in editorials that endorsed Mr. Phelan.

Mr. Kusper's candidacy has been hurt by reports that the County Clerk's office
under his administration deposited $6.8 million in non-interest-bearing accounts
at a Loop bank. The bank later paid interest to the county.

As a Campaign Struggles

Surveys have indicated that support for Mr. Lechowicz has not reached double
digits. As his campaign has struggled, several Democratic committeemen have
abandoned their party organization's choice in favor of Mr. Phelan. The most
prominent defector has been Representative William Lipinski, who serves a white,
heavily European ward on the Southwest Side.

Such a move is quite a change from the two decades under Richard J. Daley, who
was also the Democratic Party's chief, when endorsement by the party
organization was tantamount to election. ''In earlier years,'' said Mr. Green,
the political writer, ''my parents didn't even know why it was necessary to go
and vote after Mayor Daley made his selections.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: His success demonstates the force of relatively affluent whites who see
government's role as chiefly administrative, rather than political (The New York
Times/Richard Dirk); Eugene Pincham, Mr. Phelan's opponent, is representative of
the blacks who seek greater political power and the redistribution of the fruits
of government. (The New York Times)
Photos: Richard Phelan, campaigning for the Democratic nomination for president
of the Cook County Board in Chicago, at a restaurant in Oaklawn.

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              487 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

Barnes plays through pain, inspires Warriors teammates

SECTION: SAN MATEO; Warriors; Sports

LENGTH: 641 words


WARRIORS FORWARD Matt Barnes has been playing through tremendous pain.

It had nothing to do with his dislocated right ring finger, which sends a
shooting sensation throughout his entire hand whenever it's hit. It had nothing
to do with his throbbing left ankle, which he twisted late in Monday's win over
Phoenix. It had nothing do with not getting the lucrative long-term contract he
so coveted this offseason.

Barnes was gutting out a pain that belittles sprains and fractures, trivializes
blows to the ego. It even trumped success and victory.

His mom was dying.

Ann Barnes, 52, died of cancer Tuesday morning in Sacramento. But though his
mother was coping with a terminal disease, though his family was preparing for
its inevitable loss, Barnes remained committed to his teammates. A leave of
absence would be understandable, maybe even recommended. But Barnes not only
showed up when he could, he played his heart out -- at least what was left of
it.

"It's just great to be back with my second family," Barnes said after the
Phoenix victory.

His is so determined to support his teammates that he told the Warriors he wants
to play tonight when the Warriors (6-7) visit the Sacramento Kings (5-9), fewer
than 48 hours after his mother's passing. Barnes usually looks forward to
playing in his hometown against his former team.

While this won't be the typical homecoming, for obvious reasons, he still wants
to play -- provided his ankle holds up. This is a huge game for the Warriors,
against an in-state and Pacific Division rival, as they try to get their record
back to .500.

"If I can play," Barnes said Monday night, "I'm going to play."

And don't be surprised if he plays big.

Barnes' recent play has been impressive despite his situation. In his last two
games -- separated by the five-game East Coast road trip, which Barnes skipped
to be with his mother -- he averaged 12.5 points on 50 percent shooting from the
field, 7.5 assists, 6.5 rebounds, 1.5 steals and 1.5 blocks. He has been all
over the place, on offense and defense, serving as a catalyst for the
reinvigorated Warriors.

"Matt was very impressive," Warriors coach Don Nelson said of Barnes'
performance Monday. "I didn't know how much he could give us, but the energy was
much-needed."

Barnes was already one of the team's inspirational figures, dating back to last
season. He made the Warriors as a training camp invitee, helped them get through
early-season struggles with some relatively stellar performances and played a
key role in their playoff push. He was the enforcer, the garbage man, the
utility player and a quiet leader. So much so that Nelson made Barnes a captain
this season despite Barnes' pending free agency.

That said, what he did this season was extraordinary. Driving back and forth
between Sacramento and Oakland. Sacrificing some of his family time to be with
his teammates. Somehow finding the focus and energy to bring something to the
court. He exceeded what anyone could've expected given his circumstance, and
it's not going unnoticed in the locker room.

"He's our heart, man," said Warriors point guard Baron Davis. "We feed off of
him, we feed off his emotion, his hunger, the way he plays out there."

Assuredly, Barnes needs the Warriors as much as they needed him. Many athletes
find their profession to be a much-needed escape during tragic times. Barnes
expressed relief that he could get back on the court again.

Who could blame him? You could see the stress on his face -- the clenched jaw
and blank stare -- when he was asked how he was holding up. While the Warriors
were rallying from an 0-6 start on the road, Barnes was facing the harsh reality
of his mother's fate, walking with his family through the most trying of times.

Compared with that kind of pain, an ankle sprain is nothing.

Contact Marcus Thompson II at mthomps@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phoenix Suns' Grant Hill, center, has the ball stripped away by Golden
State Warriors defenders Matt Barnes (22) and Stephen Jackson, right, in the
fourth quarter of their NBA basketball game, Monday, Nov. 26, 2007 in Oakland,
Calif. The Warriors won, 129-114. (D. Ross Cameron/The Oakland Tribune)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 15, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

RYAN HOPES TO CLOSE OUT WITH A BANG;
THE PACKERS WANT THE SAME THING FROM THEIR PUNTER, WHO HAS STRUGGLED SINCE HIS
FATHER DIED.

BYLINE: JASON WILDE jwilde@madison.com 608-252-6176

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY


Mike Stock was blunt. As understanding and sympathetic as the Green Bay Packers'
special teams coordinator and the rest of the coaching staff had been with
punter Jon Ryan during his father's battle with terminal cancer, Stock was
unforgiving in his assessment of Ryan's performance in Sunday's game at San
Francisco.

"I'm not trying to belittle what he's gone through. Please, don't
misunderstand," Stock said of Ryan. "But he knows this as well as anybody: This
is a game of production. And on Sunday, it's time to produce. Everything else,
you have to put aside. All the other things have to go by the wayside. Or, don't
play. That's the way it is. And that's the only way you can evaluate it.

"He knows what his responsibilities are: To get the job done."

The words sounded harsh, especially considering Ryan's 54-year-old father, Bob,
succumbed to a rare cartilage-attacking cancer called chondrosarcoma Dec.1.

But Ryan, who averaged 41.6 gross yards, 30.6 net yards and 3.74 seconds of hang
time on five punts against the 49ers, was just as unforgiving.

"I like to try, as hard as it is right now, to separate my personal life and
football. Because if I'm not productive on the field, things are going to
happen," said Ryan, whose numbers would have been worse if not for a 22-yard
roll on a 45-yard punt that was downed at the 49ers' 1-yard line in the first
quarter. "I was disappointed in myself and kind of felt like I let the 10 guys
in front of me down."

Ryan's worst punt was his last one, a low line-drive that had just 2.9 seconds
of hang time and led to a 25-yard return by ex-University of Wisconsin standout
Brandon Williams.

"I told him during the course of the game, Your mind has got to be focused on
your job. Forget about everything else,' " Stock said. " You have to give us
hang time, you have to give us direction.' Even if he kicks it down the middle,
just give us a chance by putting the ball in the air."

But the truth is, even though he admirably punted two days after his father's
death, averaging 39.4 gross and net yards on two punts in the Packers' 38-10
loss to the New York Jets Dec.3, Ryan hasn't been able to fully focus all
season. His father was diagnosed during training camp, and the entire year has
been a struggle to stay mentally sharp.

"I'd like to think that it didn't take its toll, but I think I might be lying to
you if I said it didn't," said Ryan, who enters Sunday's game against Detroit at
Lambeau Field ranked fifth in the NFL in gross average (45.0 yards) but 24th in
net average (35.5). "After the New York game, I was just exhausted. I said to my
girlfriend (Danielle), I feel like I haven't slept in a week.' And she said, You
haven't.'

"It's taken a toll on my body, my mind, everything. But you know, I don't want
to use that as an excuse, that's for sure. But sometimes you do wonder a little
bit."

What Ryan doesn't wonder about is whether he'll have competition next year.
While Stock didn't want to talk about it -- "Let's worry about right now," he
said -- Ryan fully expects the team to bring in other punters next offseason to
battle him.

"For sure. Whether it's a college guy or a guy that's been in the league before,
I think they'll definitely bring in somebody," said Ryan, who signed with the
Packers in the spring after two years in the CFL and beat out former third-round
pick B.J. Sander in training camp. "And I'm going to work my butt off all
offseason to improve and get to where I want to be, because I think I have the
potential to be one of the better kickers in this league."

The Packers think so, too, but Stock characterized Ryan's season as
"up-and-down." Whether he would have been so inconsistent had he not been
dealing with so much off the field, "that's one of those things we'll never
know," Ryan said.

But he knows this: He has to finish strong to improve the club's view of him
going into next year.

"I remember my first year in Canada, my rookie year, I had a real good season,
and then I had two or three bad games at the end of the year," Ryan said. "That
makes for a long offseason. You think about that every single day, and you want
to go into the offseason with a high instead of a low.

"I'm just trying to look forward instead of backwards, and really make the most
of these next three games and try to go out with a bang here. I think I'm going
to have a good game on Sunday and try to help the coaches forget about that one
in San Francisco."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Jon Ryan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 12, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Fairfax Delays Veterans Day For Employees

Eric Lipton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 582 words


Tax clerk Charlene Horseman was busy as usual at her terminal in the Fairfax
County Government Center yesterday, processing payments and permit applications
while most federal, state and local government employees were on holiday.

But don't feel too sorry for Horseman. The county has merely "rescheduled" the
Veterans Day holiday until Friday, Nov. 28, the day after Thanksgiving.

For Horseman, it means she will get a four-day weekend with her family. She
didn't mind a bit missing out on yesterday's day off. "It is a Tuesday; what
else would you be doing?" she asked.

But several veterans said they are offended by the county practice, saying it
belittles the day that honors veterans and marks the end of World War I.

"It tells me that we don't really matter," said W.J. Leonard, 65, an Air Force
sergeant during the Korean War who is now commander of the Veterans of Foreign
Wars post in Springfield. "They are saying that we will take the day that is
most convenient to us."

Added Harland Wolfe, 50, a Vietnam veteran from Annandale: "It just doesn't seem
right. They are taking advantage of the holiday."

Fairfax and Alexandria are the only large local governments in the region that
observe Veterans Day on Nov. 28. Federal employees, state workers in Maryland
and Virginia and county employees in Montgomery, Prince George's, Prince William
and Loudoun counties all had the day off.

In Fairfax, two holidays are being switched this year for the convenience of the
10,400 county workers.

Inauguration Day, which fell on Jan. 20, is being observed in Fairfax on Dec.
26, to give county employees a long weekend after Christmas, which falls on a
Thursday this year. The Veterans Day switch has been a routine practice in
Fairfax for some time, but this is only the second time in at least two decades
that employees have been given an extra holiday after Christmas, a county
spokeswoman said.

County staff members requested having Dec. 26 off after noting that Inauguration
Day was also Martin Luther King Day, so the workers had in essence lost a
holiday.

The county already gives employees half a day off on Christmas Eve, so the
government will be closed for 4 1/2 days at the end of December.

The switch has not gone over well with some taxpayer watchdogs.

"We have a government that is supposed to be set up to serve the people," said
Marcia P. Dykes, president of Citizens for Sensible Taxation. "We aren't here to
maximize the days off for county employees."

Supervisor Michael R. Frey (R-Sully) was the only board member to object to the
extra Christmas vacation day when it was granted last month, an objection he
said has led some to call him "the grinch." But he noted the action will cost
the county about $ 96,000 in extra overtime for essential employees, even once
the saving associated with lower energy bills is counted.

Virginia state employees are getting an even better deal. They were given off
Veterans Day but also will get extra holidays on the three Fridays days after
Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's this year, thanks to the outgoing Gov.
George Allen, who approved the extra time off. In Maryland, state employees are
being given the Friday after Thanksgiving off, as directed by the legislature
last year.

Fairfax Board Chairman Katherine K. Hanley (D) said the board is only giving
employees time off they deserve. But she added that if some object to the
rescheduling, the board needs to review the matter.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              490 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 30, 1992, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

EYE OPENERS

BYLINE: Compiled by Bill Coats Post-Dispatch Assistant Sports Editor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 618 words


''Only Blackhawks coach MIKE KEENAN could spend his time between Games 1 and 2of
the Stanley Cup Finals ripping both Pittsburgh's best player (MARIO LEMIEUX) and
his own (JEREMY ROENICK).'' So noted RAY RATTO of the San Francisco Examiner.
Norris Division devotees know that Iron Mike routinely belittles his players.
But he earned a major slashing penalty for his rip job on Lemieux, specifically
what he thought was a dive by Super Mario that drew a tripping penalty with 17
seconds remaining in Game 1.  Lemieux scored the winning goal five seconds
later. The whining began soon thereafter.  ''I can't respect Mario for diving,''
Keenan said. ''It's an embarrassment, an embarrassment to the game, an
embarrassment to the players he plays with.  ''I'm somewhat disappointed in
Mario that he has to do that. He's such a great player, he doesn't have to
dive.'' For his part, Lemieux insisted that he wasn't faking when he tumbled to
the ice (TV replays supported his contention). And he isn't reacting to Keenan's
diatribe.  ''No, not at all,'' he said, before pausing and adding with a sly
grin, ''At this point.'' Presenting . . . This Date In Weird Sports History:
First, we take you to May 30, 1912. JOE DAWSON wins the second Indianapolis 500
in 6 hours 21 minutes 6 seconds. But RALPH MULFORD is told that to collect
10th-place money, he has to complete the full 500 miles.  Undaunted, Mulford
drives on. It takes him 8 hours 53 minutes - including several stops for fried
chicken. The finishing rule is changed the next year.  Now, we take you to May
30, 1922. Between the morning and afternoon games of a Memorial Day
doubleheader, MAX FLACK of the Chicago Cubs is traded to the Cardinals for CLIFF
HEATHCOTE.  Each plays one game for each team.  Chewing tobacco is banned at the
Class A level, and officials are hoping to have it outlawed throughout the minor
leagues by 1993. But one minor-leaguer thinks that the Health Police aren't
going far enough.  ''They should ban candy, too,'' he said. ''More people die
from heart attacks than cheek cancer. If you are going to ban tobacco, you
should ban Butterfingers, too.'' OK, fine. Just don't get any ideas about
Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, fella.  Flowery Prose Dept.: Here's IAN THOMSEN of
the International Herald Tribune of Paris on MARC ROSSET, a hard-serving Swiss
tennis player who lost to PETE SAMPRAS in the French Open: ''Rosset ambles along
to the rhythm of a stringed puppet, but when he lunges up for the ball at the
service line, all of his segments suddenly align themselves as do the planets on
the most dangerous day of your life, and the sky swirls to an angry foamy gray,
and the line judges leaning into the gale appear braver than Aeneas or Odysseus.
''When this Marc Rosset, 1.95 meters tall (6 feet 5), swept at the air, flags
whooshed and the trees around court No. 1 swayed like backup gospel singers.
Ozone huddled around the poles. . . . Perhaps we have made this Marc Rosset, 21,
out to be more than he really is.'' Well, maybe just a tad.  QUOTE/UNQUOTE ''He
didn't do anything. They know he does nothing, and they give him a salar y. He
sits in a small chair, big stomach, lots of food. I cannot explain it to you.''
Ukrainian tennis player ANDREI MEDVEDEV, explaining what his father's government
job was in the former Soviet Union.  POST PUZZLER Nancy Lieberman-Cline, 33, is
trying out for the 1992 U.S. women's Olympic basketball team. In what year did
she first play in the Olympics? (Answer Sunday) FRIDAY'S POST PUZZLER: John
Ziegler apparently is on his way out as president of the National Hockey League,
a job he has held since 1977. Who preceded him in the position?  ANSWER:
Clarence Campbell.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo ... Making A Splash: MARIO LEMIEUX (left) is accused of
taking a dive by Chicago coach Mike Keenan.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              491 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 28, 2003 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Kucinich says he's unfairly written off;
The candidate says the media cover the horse race,
not issues. That, he says, keeps him back in the pack.

BYLINE: Carl Chancellor INQUIRER NATIONAL STAFF

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 744 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Presidential candidate Dennis J. Kucinich is complaining that political
reporters have slapped a voter-advisory "can't win" label on him and have given
his presidential aspirations short shrift. This, the four-term Ohio congressman
says, is unfair.

His campaign press secretary, David Swanson, said some members of the national
media thought it was their responsibility, not the voters' job, "to narrow the
field." The mass media, he said, are trying to marginalize Kucinich and belittle
his chance of winning.

The media have "a passion for covering elections like a horse race," Swanson
said, "saying who is ahead in the polls by an inch, rather than covering the
issues, the candidates' platforms, and what they will mean for America if
elected."

Too many political journalists, he contended, have donned the mantle of
"gatekeeper . . . deciding for their readers which candidates are electable."

For example, earlier this month, after former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean announced
his endorsement by three labor unions, several news organizations declared Dean
"unstoppable," "pulling away from the pack," and "the man to beat."

Democracy is endangered when the media declare who is and is not a serious
contender even before the first primaries, Swanson said. "Saying who is in the
first tier, who is in the second tier, disempowers people," he said. "People get
the feeling that someone powerful is making the decisions, that their vote won't
make a difference, so they lose interest in voting."

A number of factors

News editors counter that their coverage is linked to measurable indexes such as
poll standings and fund-raising figures. According to leading November polls,
when individuals who identified themselves as Democrats or leaning Democratic
were asked whom they most likely would support for the party's presidential
nomination, Kucinich scored near the bottom. No more than 3 percent of
respondents to the CBS/New York Times, Newsweek, NBC/Wall Street Journal and
Gallup polls said they would vote for him.

In those same polls, Dean, Gen. Wesley Clark, Rep. Richard A. Gephardt of
Missouri, Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, and Sen. Joe Lieberman of
Connecticut drew much stronger support.

In the two early-voting states where victory would propel any candidate into a
blitz of media and public attention, Kucinich scored 3 percent support in Iowa
and 1 percent in New Hampshire in the latest polls.

Likewise, when it comes to raising money, Kucinich lags far behind. The reported
$3.35 million in his war chest compares with $25 million for Dean, $20 million
for Kerry, $13.6 million for Gephardt, and $11.7 million for Lieberman.

'Need to be careful'

Kelly McBride, a member of the ethics faculty of the Poynter Institute, a
journalism training center based in St. Petersburg, Fla., voiced some sympathy
for Kucinich's complaint.

"It's still early in the race," McBride said. "Newsrooms need to be careful
about space for candidates and not favor one or two candidates over the others."

However, she added, newsrooms "can't ignore the fact" that there are
front-runners.

"It's not a problem to repeat what the polls are saying," McBride said. But it
is a problem, she said, when newsrooms interpret polls with "loaded" words such
as fringe candidate or characterize a campaign as a vanity run, both terms
sometimes pinned on Kucinich.

"I'm not a purist, and I know you can't give inch-for-inch coverage," McBride
said. "But as journalists, we have to make sure we are covering the Democratic
hopefuls rather than covering Clark and Dean."

Still, when nine Democrats are vying for the nomination, balancing coverage
becomes more difficult.

"When you have nine candidates, you are going to have complaints about
fairness," said Peter Bhatia, executive editor of the Oregonian, Portland's
daily newspaper, and president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors.

John Green is director of the University of Akron's Ray C. Bliss Institute,
which specializes in the study of political campaigns. He said Kucinich's
complaint of media bias was nothing new.

"It's a legitimate complaint," Green said. "The media, particularly television,
cover elections like a horse race. It's who's ahead, who's going to win. . . .
What a candidate has to do is demonstrate progress in raising money or progress
in rising in the polls. A 10 percent rise in the polls, and suddenly you become
a factor."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
MARK DUNCAN, Associated Press
Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich's team says the media's treatment of who is and is not a
contender endangers democracy.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 20, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

EVEN EXPLORERS GET THE FLU

BYLINE: Ann Oldenburg

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 333 words


Jacques Cousteau, 86, was released from a Paris hospital after
being treated for what his wife, Francine, said Wednesday was
the flu.

DEEP IN THE HEART OF . . .: An AIDS charity yanked a nationwide
ad campaign from buses and billboards because of complaints, particularly
from Dallas-Fort Worth, about messages such as "Prayer won't
cure AIDS. Research will." Said Mary Herring, of Dallas' city
transit agency: "You don't have to belittle someone else's beliefs
to play up the benefits of AIDS research."


CYBER-SCAM: A company whose Web sites promised free "adult"
images to visitors downloading special viewing software was actually
disconnecting their phone connections and dialing a number in
the former Soviet republic of Moldova, says the Federal Trade
Commission. An FTC spokeswoman said the company apparently was
getting kickbacks on the huge phone bills that thousands of consumers
ran up. The agency on Wednesday announced a federal court order
shutting down the scam.

YOU GO, GIRLS: Unchained Melody: The Early Years,
the new album by country ingenue LeAnn Rimes, 14, enters Billboard
at No. 1 next week. The debut of Erykah Badu's Baduizm
is second in a top 10 dominated by women.

CLASSIC CONFRONTATION: The Vienna Philharmonic, an all-male
bastion since 1842, is getting indirect but unmistakable pressure
to open its ranks to women. Ioan Holender, director of the prestigious
Vienna State Opera, reminded the orchestra Wednesday that "there's
a law on equal treatment in Austria and the opera is a state institution."
The Philharmonic is private, but plays for the Vienna State Opera.

TECHNO-KING: B.B. King is 71 and into technology. The jazz
bluesmaster, who already has a CD-ROM out, takes his act to the
Internet with his first digital jam session, which goes up on
the Microsoft Network in May. Members can click on http://rifff.msn.com.
Herbie Hancock and Sir Mix-a-Lot have been featured on the site
already.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Scott Larson

TYPE: LIFELINE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              493 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             April 29, 2013  Monday

College Confidential: a Field Guide

BYLINE: Eric Hoover

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 4276 words

ABSTRACT

What began as an admissions Web site for the anxious has become a culture with
its own ethos, language, and rituals.

FULL TEXT

Day and night the locals chatter. They counsel and console, bicker and rant.
Their questions are endless. Though often hopeful, they never stop pounding the
drums of worry.

"Do I have a shot at my dream school?" pacgirl4101 wants to know.

"So sick of asians whining about affirmative action," macmill writes, "get over
it."

"How much debt is too much," Jay520 asks, "for a computer science graduate?"

"A party school and you will always be just a number there," AZseniorchick
writes of Arizona State University. Northern Arizona University, she adds, is
"for hippies and ugly people."

This is College Confidential, a vast virtual realm where visitors can find the
best and worst of human nature. Here, in moderated discussion forums, people
help strangers. They also belittle strangers, question their intelligence, and
mock their chosen colleges or alma maters.

What began as a college-admissions Web site has become a culture with its own
ethos, language, and rituals. Many here share a common faith: Where you go to
college shapes, even defines, your very existence. An acceptance from the
"right" college is your ticket to a rich and happy life. Woe to the rejected.

College Confidential didn't invent the anxiety many Americans associate with
applying to college, but, like a mile-high megaphone, it amplifies that anxiety
24 hours a day. Even some of the site's longtime members believe it stokes as
many fears as it soothes.

The anonymous masses who converse on these message boards provoke derision from
the official stewards of the admissions process. "Horrific," one high-school
counselor says of College Confidential. "The futile search for the inside
track," says an admissions officer. Another, borrowing Obi-Wan Kenobi's line
about the seedy spaceport in Star Wars, calls the Web site "a wretched hive of
scum and villainy."

Nevertheless, College Confidential is more popular than ever among prospective
students and their parents. In March the number of visitors was up 31 percent
from the year before. From April 2012 to this March, it attracted nearly 44
million visitors, receiving more than 281 million page views. Its hundreds of
active forums are testaments to the appeal of crowdsourcing and citizen-experts.
Year after year, the site informs how families all over the world talk about
college admissions.

Within this community, many subcultures coexist. Status-obsessed climbers mingle
with learning-for-learning's-sake romantics. You'll find legacy applicants over
here, first-generation students over there. Narcissistic soliloquies abound.
Puerile jabber, too. Pay attention, though, and you'll catch revealing glimpses
of the modern conceptions of success and merit, not to mention parenting. The
planet's deepest hopes, fears, and misunderstandings about college are all
archived right here, with typos.

Come, let's explore. Be sure to wear your thickest skin. And if, by chance,
you're a proud graduate of one of Mississippi's colleges or universities, please
avoid RyanOG88, who insists that "they all suck."

First you need a lesson on the lingo. The essential words in the College
Confidential vernacular are "prestige" and "elite." Also popular is "top," as in
the listing of "top liberal arts colleges" and "top universities," which,
generally, overlap with U.S. News & World Report's rankings. "Bottom" colleges
are implied.

Many regulars have an overwhelming fascination with private institutions,
especially Ivy League colleges. (The grammatical correctness of referring to two
or more Ivy League colleges as "Ivy's" has been discussed here.) Harvard, Yale,
and Princeton ("HYP") are often distinguished from the five "lower Ivies" (some
members include Columbia with the "upper Ivies"). "HYPS" brings Stanford into
the fold. "HYPSM" includes the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Add a "C"
for Caltech.

The above are "lottery schools," because their admission rates are so low, the
outcomes so unpredictable. The use of this term, some members suggest, protects
the egos of rejected applicants: If getting in is a matter of chance, then
admitted students are merely lucky, and, therefore, undeserving of excessive
envy.

URM stands for "underrepresented minority," whose members, by virtue of race,
may have an advantage known as a "hook."

A "reach school" is one that an applicant perceives as a long shot, based on his
or her grades and test scores. Some distinguish between "low reach" and "high
reach" colleges. An emphatic version of the latter is HMFR, the second and third
letters of which stand for a popular expletive. Recently someone used "ventile,"
a statistical term, in describing the top 5 percent of a high-school class (a
nice play on words, perhaps, given all those who come here to vent).

"Podunk U" is a broad term for any undesirable college, especially a public one.
It's likely to appear in posts written by parents worried about what other
parents have said-or might yet say-about their son's or daughter's attending a
lesser-known college. Some people think "public Ivies" exist; others scoff at
the idea.

Plenty of fathers post on College Confidential, but mothers seem to outnumber
them. Parents routinely refer to their sons or daughters as "S" or "D," or else
as "DS" or "DD" (the "D" stands for "dear" or "darling"). Many describe their
children as BWRKs ("bright, well-rounded kids") with strong ECs
("extracurricular activities"). It's common for parents to use "we" often, as in
"We applied to five colleges" or "We liked William & Mary." Today's parents are
co-shoppers, after all.

"Snowflake," a rare but memorable term for one's D or S, conveys that every
teenage applicant is unique, and therefore precious; the word also connotes
fragility. Members have used the term both earnestly and sarcastically.

***

OK, everyone. Want to learn the history of this place? Ask Sally Rubenstone.
She's been here forever.

A loquacious woman with an encyclopedic mind, Ms. Rubenstone is a co-author of
the Panicked Parents Guide to College Admissions. She writes College
Confidential's popular "Ask The Dean" column, in which she answers questions
from students and parents around the globe, many of whom, it's fair to say, are
panicked.

Ms. Rubenstone receives about 10 e-mails from the Web site's readers each day,
sometimes 100 a week. They ask about strategies for being admitted from wait
lists, and about whether it's better to get a B in an AP course or an A in a
non-AP course. Recently the mother of a student with allergies wanted to know
which college's dorms were the moldiest. Often The Dean knows the answers; when
she does not, she investigates.

Back in the 20th century, Ms. Rubenstone worked as an admissions officer at
Smith College. She was often struck by how confused students and parents were,
and by how many general questions they asked: What's a good essay topic? How
does financial aid work? What should I say in an interview?

Ms. Rubenstone liked answering those questions, but a couple of times, she says,
colleagues called her out for relaying information that wasn't "Smith-specific."
She confronted a fact of admissions work: Although the job allows you to advise
families about the admissions process, you're paid, in the end, to promote just
one college. Souring on that idea, and intrigued by the possibility of
Internet-based advising, she joined College Confidential in 2002.

The site, which had gone live the previous year, was founded by Roger Dooley, a
tech entrepreneur, and Dave Berry and David Hawsey, authors of America's Elite
Colleges: The Smart Applicant's Guide to the Ivy League and Other Top Schools.
College Confidential's cloak-and-dagger name conveyed its purpose: to provide
inside information that guidebooks lacked, secrets nobody else would spill. "Not
the same propaganda you get from a college viewbook or Web site," says Ms.
Rubenstone.

Call it propaganda or call it marketing. Either way, colleges have hit a
generation of American teenagers with great, glossy gobs of it, urging them to
apply to vibrant campuses where they will meet caring faculty members, pursue
their passions, study in diverse learning communities, and receive a global
education that will prepare them for the jobs of tomorrow. Have you heard that
one before?

"One problem students and parents have is finding the real deal of the place
from the literature colleges send out," Ms. Rubenstone says. "I know, because I
used to write that literature."

Admissions offices helped seed the ground from which College Confidential
sprouted. Enrollment-management strategies, with jargony terms such as
"demonstrated interest," furthered the idea that getting into a selective
college is a puzzle to solve, a game rigged by colleges, with many rules to
master. Slick, aggressive marketing fed a hunger for unpolished truth and
authenticity. Just listen to elnamo, who seeks an "intellectually stimulating
environment ... in a learning community," but who is "beginning to think this is
some made-up utopia that doesn't exist because it seems ... that many of these
schools are all bureaucratic corporations wanting to compete."

College Confidential offered a sense of authenticity, of strength in numbers.
The Web linked far-flung families who were all in the same precollege boat. A
democratic spirit blossomed as the message boards attracted more and more
participants, many of whom came seeking tips.

Today the grass-roots feel of the forums endures even though College
Confidential's ownership has changed. In 2008 Hobsons, a global
education-services company, purchased the Web site for an undisclosed sum. (The
company also owns Naviance, college-planning software used by high schools to
advise students and manage the flow of applications and transcripts sent to
colleges.) Hobsons promotes CollegeView, its college-search service, on College
Confidential, and vice versa. And now a student who logs in to Naviance to find
information about, say, Colorado College will see links to recent posts about
the institution in College Confidential's discussion forums.

Hobsons has also monetized the site's popularity. About 700 colleges advertise
here. Look, there's a banner ad for the University of Alabama, and one for Full
Sail University. There's more: "At College Confidential we can tailor a custom
exposure program to meet your needs," says the site. Colleges may sponsor a
discussion forum ($800 a month) or advertise on the mobile application ($1,500 a
month). Geo-targeting and retargeting are also options ($600 for 50,000
impressions). A student who visits a forum on visual and performing arts will
surely see ads from colleges promoting such programs.

Although many people flock here to discuss highly selective colleges, the
community has become more diverse by any measure. These days, parents often urge
one another to place "value" above "prestige," savings over selectivity. Ms.
Rubenstone now gets many queries, she says, from "towns with no vowels, in
countries I've never heard of." She's just as likely to get questions from
single mothers seeking information about a certificate program, she says, as
from teenagers dreaming of Dartmouth.

The message threads are countless. Confused about educational loans? Jump into
the "Financial Aid" forum. Interested in New York University? There's a forum
just for NYU, and for hundreds of other colleges. Everywhere students and
parents, eager to share what they have learned about choosing a college and
paying for it, trade advice and gripes and worries.

College Confidential's attraction is also its curse. The forums let a visitor
overhear what zillions of other people are fretting about, including fears that
she might never have considered otherwise. "I've begun to wonder," jazzymom
writes, "if there's any such thing as 'safety' colleges for the coming admission
cycle." Oh, no! Is that true?

"Anxiety is the key thing here," says Chris Peterson, who directs digital
strategy and communications for MIT. He's spent a lot of time chatting with
prospective students on the message boards, helping the admissions office
establish a warm, low-key presence in its forum.

College Confidential, he believes, has great power to calm. Over the years, many
users have thanked him for relieving their stress, by answering questions and
explaining the intricacies of the admissions process. "There are plenty of
people here saying, 'Stop worrying, we'll help you,'" he says.

Whether your blood pressure rises or falls, he suggests, all depends on which
forums you visit and whom you engage: "The question is, Are the signals
amplified or dampened as people pass through the system? Is this going to be
your big Marshall amplifier, like Led Zeppelin used, or your Bose
noise-canceling headphones?"

There's another catch, of course. Anyone here can claim that practically
anything is true. Many responses begin with the phrase "I hear." Some users are
thoughtful and informed, and some are neither. Reading the hodgepodge of posts,
College Confidential's founders suggest, is like reading restaurant reviews on
Yelp or book reviews on Amazon: Just because some content is questionable does
not mean the forums are useless.

"It's a buyer-beware situation," Ms. Rubenstone says. "You've got to take what's
there with a grain or a block of salt."

***

Two blocks of salt are recommended for anyone venturing into the "College
Chances" forum. Here, members engage in the age-old art of fortune telling. Hour
after hour, students post their academic vital statistics and ask others to
predict their odds of admission to specific colleges. "Chance me," they write,
as if engaging a crystal ball.

Recently, for instance, Flamengo2009 wrote a thread with this title: "Chance me
for NYU, U. of Illinois, UMich, etc. ... " The student listed the following
credentials: a 3.1 unweighted grade-point average, with all honors or AP
courses, a 2200 on the SAT, "first generation Latino/Hispanic," and "not that
many ECS," though he or she did "have charity work in South American countries."

Less than an hour later, Brown 2011 responded: "Chances are good at U of M, U of
I and great at Northeastern. ... the unweighted GPA might hurt your chances at
UC Berkeley and Stanford."

Later billscho chimed in: "Chance is not good at UMich at all. ... Note the
average GPA for admission is around 3.7 at UMich." ParceledTongue then wrote:
"Your SAT and URM status will help, but for Berkeley and Stanford in particular,
it's going to be almost impossible to overcome that GPA."

Among chancers there's a code of reciprocity. "Chance me," many students write,
"and I'll chance you back." Some members have mocked this ritual. "Umm," Jea828
writes, "if you don't know your own chances, how would you know someone else's?"

It's a good question. Perhaps today's teenagers, who grew up sharing everything
on Facebook, find a meaningful sliver of hope and reassurance in favorable
assessments from complete strangers. One member, imsobored, describes it this
way: "Leave me baseless positive feedback to make me feel better about myself."
For some, this is nourishing.

Perhaps other students crave the cold dose of reality that comes from hearing
they have zero chance of attending Brown. Seeing who's been rejected by
selective colleges, Ms. Rubenstone suggests, can adjust the unrealistic
expectations of parents, especially those "who think the world of their kids,
that the world's their oyster, and they're all gonna go to Stanford." Call it
Snowflake Syndrome.

The popularity of the "chance me" exercise also reflects the ambiguity of the
admissions process, especially at selective colleges (aka the "lottery schools")
that conduct "holistic" reviews of applicants. With no hard-and-fast formulas
for getting in, students grasp for the semblance of science. They rate their own
essays and teacher recommendations on 1-10 scales, and they handicap their
peers' odds of being admitted to, say, Vanderbilt University at 60 percent. In
"decision threads" each spring, applicants post their credentials in
standardized templates, as if the data tell the whole story about why a
particular student was accepted, denied, or put on the wait list.

These rituals have long troubled Daniel G. Creasy, director of communications in
Emory University's admissions office. "The idea that you can sum up the job of
an admissions counselor this way," he says, "it's just not how it works." For
one thing, the "chance me" threads don't account for context: what the entire
applicant pool looked like, and a college's needs in a given year.

Mr. Creasy has grappled with a prevalent question: Are admissions officers
better off ignoring College Confidential's forums or diving into them?

In 2005 he dove in, reluctantly. He was then an admissions officer at the Johns
Hopkins University. The "misinformation" in the discussion forums, he says,
including basic facts about the university's admissions requirements, had
floored him. Nobody was setting the record straight, so he obtained an account
reserved for verified representatives of colleges. "College Rep" appeared
beneath his handle, AdmissionsDaniel.

Mr. Creasy wrote 2,459 posts in about four years. Then, on March 31, 2010, he
stopped posting. He was burned out but also disillusioned with the Web site. "I
began to get more and more frustrated with the level of discourse and the
residual consequences that were contributing to a widespread negativity in the
discourse about college admissions," he later wrote in a blog post for Johns
Hopkins. "The ugly part of College Confidential is the rampant lack of
credibility of sources and the blind acceptance that whatever is posted on the
site must be gospel."

In his blog post, Mr. Creasy suggested that the presence of admissions officers
lends College Confidential too much credibility. These days he sees value in
engaging the forum's readers so long as colleges can direct them to meaningful
content. Although Emory's admissions officers don't have an official presence in
the discussion forums, he lurks there, to see what people are saying about the
university.

Jeannine C. Lalonde, senior assistant dean of admissions at the University of
Virginia, posts regularly, as Dean J, in College Confidential's UVa forum, where
respect for her is evident. ("Dear Dean J, YOU JUST MADE MY DAY," wrote
UVAorBUST after reading Ms. Lalonde's post about how most applications are far
from perfect. "She makes the entire process so open and less scary," blueiguana
responded.)

Ms. Lalonde answers questions and looks for "teachable moments" when she can
step in, like when someone says UVa considers an applicant's "demonstrated
interest." (It doesn't.) She avoids pro-UVa cheerleading.

Although she dislikes some aspects of College Confidential, she considers
engaging students there an essential part of her job. If you imagine a college's
forum as a room full of people who are all talking about your campus, she
thinks, you're better off being in the room. A thread might have 100 responses
but 10 times as many views.

"It's like the ideal information session, because you get to talk to 1,000
people at once," Ms. Lalonde says. "If you are an educator, how can you turn
down an opportunity to answer a question?"

***

At College Confidential, emotions run hot during the spring, when discussions of
who's deserving and who's not always flare up. Members often debate the role
that race and ethnicity should play in admissions. It gets loud.

When Duke sent acceptances this March, latinomniavincit wrote, "Accepted with a
merit scholarship! So happy." Later watchmaster64 responded: "Should we all
guess why you were accepted with a Merit scholarship? It's funny. When I lived
in USSR, I could not get into a top college since I was a Jew. Now my son can't
get into a top college because he is white."

Philovitist responded sarcastically: "Maybe your son just couldn't overcome the
profound adversity that comes with being white in America like these kids could.
It's too bad."

Heated debates can last for months or years. Who could forget the epic war of
words between barrons and novaparent, who, respectively, defended and disparaged
the University of Wisconsin at Madison, enlisting both statistics and insults to
further their arguments?

Bragging-it's rampant. In 2006, koolcrud started a thread titled "The
Uber-Exclusive 2300 Club," describing it as "an ego thread for all of us
genuises" who got at least a 2300 (out of a possible 2400) on the SAT. (Surely
"genuises" was just a typo.) Seven years later, members continue to post their
scores, and how many times they took the exam before hitting 2300.

Seeing all this, one could assume that all the locals are stuck-up or mean, if
not unhinged. But, thankfully, there's Mollie Woodworth. She's as kind and
helpful as can be.

Ms. Woodworth found College Confidential as a junior at MIT, back in 2005. One
day she heard that someone had mocked the institute's cheerleaders in a forum,
calling them fat and ugly. Ms. Woodworth, a cheerleader, joined the Web site
just to express her "righteous fury." She never left.

After graduating with degrees in biology and brain and cognitive sciences, in
2006, she earned a Ph.D. in biological and biomedical sciences at Harvard.
Nonetheless she found time to engage with prospective MIT and Harvard students
in the forums. Every day. As of late April, Ms. Woodworth, writing as
molliebatmit, had written 10,647 posts, an average of about 25 a week over eight
years.

She has answered many questions from students about life at MIT, majoring in
biology, and becoming a scientist. "I'm helping them discover what they
potentially want to do," she says. "It's like a social-media mentorship
program."

Ms. Woodworth is one of about 20 volunteers who moderate College Confidential's
forums. Newly appointed "mods" are assigned to a specific forum and have regular
duties, like deleting spam (Viagra ads are like weeds). Over time, mods become
"super moderators," like Ms. Woodworth. She has the power to delete posts and to
ban-temporarily or permanently-members who write especially rude and
disrespectful messages.

Each morning she carries her laptop into her bathroom. She checks the
discussions as she brushes her teeth and puts on her makeup. When she comes home
at night, she logs on again.

Ms. Woodworth's posts are frank and specific. In a recent thread she revealed
her SAT math score (690), and that she had taken "the easiest" math and physics
courses at MIT. "My lack of world-class ability in math and physics hasn't
stopped me from being a world-class neurobiologist," she wrote. She gently urged
one student not to think of a 700 as "a poor math score."

Many applicants out there lack a knowledgeable college counselor, and some have
none at all. Ms. Woodworth, who grew up in a "two-horse town in Ohio,"
empathizes with them. "Coming from a small public high school, I had no direct
line to admissions offices, no clue about the process," she says. "Now I feel
like I can answer questions for people like me, who are kind of clueless."

Karl M. Bunday, another super moderator, brings a similar perspective to the
forums. "My high-school counselor," he says, "was actually useless."

Since 2004 he's posted nearly 16,000 times. Often he composes long "fact
threads" that include multiple links, directing readers to external sources of
information about an array of issues, such as testing and affirmative action.
The forums, he believes, should be a starting point for research-not the last
stop. Posting as tokenadult, he has reminded students of the importance of
applying to "safety schools."

"There's this driven attitude that I've tried to counteract," says Mr. Bunday,
"the idea that you absolutely must have straight A's, and that any score below
2300 dooms you to a trashy college. Both are nonsense, and I don't think
high-school students should go through life thinking that. Even if you end up at
a college some people think is crummy, you can still get a good education and
have a successful life."

See, College Confidential's not all bad. Take the long thread in which students
who ended up at second-choice colleges talk about how happy they are there. Life
went on, it's true! There are moments of kindness and kinship, such as when
Clear My Mind, rejected by Cornell, wrote, "Preety disappointed that I got
rejected from the more prestigeous schools. It is a real heartbreaker."
Thirty-six minutes later, nani2429 responded: "I feel your pain."

And so College Confidential, with its many facets, is also a metaphor for the
admissions process, in which families have many choices. To freak out or stay
calm. To sweat prestige or not. To crank up the big amplifiers or don the
noise-canceling headphones.

You could choose to take a cue from Pizzagirl, a longtime member who sounds
downright grounded. Case in point: This winter, Ms. Rubenstone, of "Ask The
Dean," started a thread (titled "How did HE Get In?") in which she relayed a
story from a friend about a college that had accepted one applicant but denied a
classmate with "a much stronger record." What were members' theories, Ms.
Rubenstone asked, on such "odd outcomes"?

In response, Pizzagirl wrote, "Why would I spend one minute of my time worrying
about some kid not my own, whose only link to me is that he's in the same grade
as my kid?" Two minutes later, she wrote more: "The Monday morning
quarterbacking and gossip you describe is that of a total loser."

Can we get a big round of applause for Pizzagirl, everyone? You might say she's
one of a kind. But, please, don't call her a snowflake.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration by Oliver Munday for The Chronicle
College Confidential: A Field Guide 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 12, 2012 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

College Football Briefs

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9BB

LENGTH: 225 words


WSU TO INVESTIGATE WILSON'S ABUSE CLAIM

PULLMAN, WASH. Washington State president Elson Floyd on Sunday called for a
review of claims of abusive behavior by coach Mike Leach and his staff toward
players by wide receiver Marquess Wilson.

The decision by Floyd came one day after Wilson quit the team, saying he left
because of the actions of Leach and his staff. Wilson said the new staff has
"preferred to belittle, intimidate and humiliate us," and that included physical
abuse.

Floyd said in a statement Sunday morning he asked the athletic department to
report findings and conclusions as soon as possible. Floyd says reviews from
both the Pac-12 and the athletic department "should get to the bottom of the
matter."

After Washington State's 44-36 loss to UCLA late Saturday night, Leach declined
to address Wilson's claims.

"I'm not going to talk about anyone that isn't here," he said.

In other late Pac-12 games, Marcus Mariota threw a school record-tying six
touchdown passes in Oregon's 59-17 win over California; and Washington pulled
away from Utah to win 34-15 behind quarterback Keith Price's three touchdowns,
two of them passes.

Bulldogs D scores threereno, nev. Robbie Rouse rushed for 261 yards and two
touchdowns and Fresno State tied a school record with three defensive touchdowns
in beating Nevada 52-36 late Saturday. The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

Barnes' pain goes beyond court

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: WARRIORS; Sports; Basketball

LENGTH: 666 words


Warriors forward Matt Barnes has been playing through tremendous pain.

It had nothing to do with his dislocated right ring finger, which sends a
shooting sensation throughout his entire hand whenever it's hit. It had nothing
to do with his throbbing left ankle, which he twisted late in Monday's win over
the Phoenix Suns. It had nothing do with not getting the lucrative long-term
contract he so coveted this offseason.

Barnes was gutting out a pain that belittles sprains and fractures, trivializes
blows to the ego. It even trumped success and victory.

His mom was dying.

Ann Barnes, 52, died Tuesday morning from cancer in Sacramento. But though his
mother was coping with a terminal disease, though his family was preparing for
its inevitable loss, Barnes remained committed to his teammates. A leave of
absence would be understandable, maybe even recommended. But Barnes not only
showed up when he could, but he played his heart out -- at least what was left
of it.

"It's just great to be back with my second family," Barnes said after the
Phoenix victory.

He is so determined to support his teammates that he told the Warriors he wants
to play tonight when the Warriors (6-7) visit the Sacramento Kings (5-9), fewer
than 48 hours after his mother's passing. Barnes usually looks forward to
playing in his hometown against his former team.

While this won't be the typical homecoming, for obvious reasons, he still wants
to play -- provided his ankle holds up. This is a huge game for the Warriors,
against an in-state and Pacific Division rival, as they try to get their record
back to .500.

"If I can play," Barnes said Monday night, "I'm going to play."

And don't be surprised if he plays big.

Barnes' recent play has been impressive despite his situation. In his past two
games -- separated by the five-game East Coast road trip, which Barnes skipped
to be with his mother -- he averaged 12.5 points on 50 percent shooting from the
field, 7.5 assists, 6.5 rebounds, 1.5 steals and 1.5 blocks. He has been all
over the place, on both ends of the court, serving as a catalyst for the
reinvigorated Warriors.

"Matt was very impressive," Warriors coach Don Nelson said of Barnes'
performance Monday. "I didn't know how much he could give us, but the energy was
much needed."

Barnes was already one of the team's inspirational figures, dating back to last
season. He made the Warriors as a training-camp invitee, helped them get through
early season struggles with some relatively stellar performances and played a
key role in their playoff push. He was the enforcer, the garbage man, the
utility player and a quiet leader. So much so that Nelson made Barnes a captain
this season despite Barnes' pending free agency.

That said, what he did this season was extraordinary. Driving back and forth
between Sacramento and Oakland. Sacrificing some of his family time to be with
his teammates. Somehow finding the focus and energy to bring something to the
court. He exceeded what anyone could've expected given his circumstance, and
it's not going unnoticed in the locker room.

"He's our heart, man," said Warriors point guard Baron Davis, one of Barnes'
closest friends on the team. "He's our heart and soul. We feed off of him, we
feed off his emotion, his hunger, the way he plays out there, the way he
scraps."

Assuredly, Barnes needs the Warriors as much as they needed him. Many athletes
find their profession to be a much-needed escape during tragic times. Barnes
expressed relief that he could get back on the court again.

Who could blame him? You could see the stress on his face --the clenched jaw and
blank stare -- when he was asked how he was holding up. While the Warriors were
rallying from an 0-6 start on the road, Barnes was facing the harsh reality of
his mother's fate, walking with his family through the most trying of times.

Compared with that kind of pain, an ankle sprain is nothing.

Contact Marcus Thompson II at mthomps2@bayareanewsgroup.com .


     ·    TODAY: at Kings, 7 p.m. TV: FSNBA. Radio: 680-AM


LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phoenix Suns' Grant Hill, center, has the ball stripped away by Golden
State Warriors defenders Matt Barnes (22) and Stephen Jackson, right, in the
fourth quarter of their NBA basketball game, Monday, Nov. 26, 2007 in Oakland,
Calif. The Warriors won, 129-114. (D. Ross Cameron/The Oakland Tribune)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 3, 2003, Friday

DUANE: DOV, SHUDDUP ON SEX

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 239 words

ALBANY - State Sen. Thomas Duane says he's fed up with his own party's tendency
to rattle off "tawdry and strange sex couplings" to belittle an effort to
legalize same-sex marriage.

Duane demanded that fellow Democrat Dov Hikind, a Brooklyn assemblyman, "refrain
from randy locker-room talk and making light of serious sex crimes."

Duane, an openly gay Manhattan legislator, unleashed the criticisms in a letter
to Hikind after the assemblyman was quoted in the Daily News last week
suggesting gay marriage would undermine traditional family values.

"What's next?" Hikind, an Orthodox Jew, asked The News. "Do we legalize
bestiality? Do we legalize incest?"

Hikind said yesterday he was not likening homosexuality to bestiality or incest,
but warning that allowing gay marriage could raise permissiveness for taboo
sexual conduct.

"I don't indulge in questioning other people's motives," Hikind said. "It's a
shame that gay activists do that in general."

The elbows could grow sharper when lawmakers return to Albany next week.

Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan) has kept a low profile on the
political hot potato, refusing to say where he stands on the platform that has
been embraced by his own party's state committee.

Gov. Pataki, who won the endorsement of New York's largest gay lobby last year,
and Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno (R-Troy) have both come out against
legalizing same-sex marriage.


LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Thomas Duane

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              497 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 7, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BACKTALK;
Transfixed by the Moves Of the Subtle Sprewell

BYLINE: By CHRISTIAN SHEPPARD

SECTION: Section 8; Page 11; Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 555 words


Spree makes the game-winning shot and steals the victory from Toronto!

It is predictable. Intellectual thirty-something white male is fascinated by
Latrell Sprewell. I confess that I never noticed the Knicks other than to pity
them when Jordan was around. Forgive me for gawking at M. J. -- God was in the
building. Then he retired, and I could look around. This season I could be
justified in jumping onto the Shaq-Kobe bandwagon to L.A.; after all, my Zen
master, Phil Jackson, is the coach. But my heart and my cheers must go for New
York and Spree.

Understand, the University of Chicago, where I am in the final stages of
studying for my doctorate in divinity and where I also went to college, has no
sports program to speak of: all my frustration-venting coach-chokings must be
vicarious. I am so much like Spree, or want to be. I understand him. Being in
graduate school, like being a player in the National Basketball Association,
people treat you like children, belittle your best efforts, submit you to the
petty whims of their unquestionable authority. Professors and coaches (look out,
Bobby Knight) often need a good choking.

So, I confess, I did not know Spree from any other SportsCenter highlight hero
until he put the alleged grip on that coach who looked, to me anyway, like
someone who loved the ring of his hollow bark and who referred to his team as
his boys, a bunch of good kids, though sometimes you had to get in their face so
they could smell your breath.

I first took notice of Spree in his suit and tie, not in uniform. Just pictures.
He seemed the angry black man, pugnacious and mean. Then I heard him speak, and
he was angry, but he was also articulate, focused, poised. Spree speaks with the
measure and sensitivity (aside from messing up his "good's" and "well's") that
any professor would want to bring to the classroom. Suddenly his hairdo (now
popular with others in the game) no longer struck me as punkish, but neatly
pleated, patterned in herringbone. I noticed his eyes: large, glowing, orblike
eyes, the sideways-looking eyes of certain flamboyant goldfish or the sad,
world-weary eyes of those small dogs first bred in ancient China.

And then on the court: he seems to flow and hover, touching the floor only at
the toes and edges of his shoes, like a skater, always gliding in circles,
describing arabesques. Until he makes his cut -- "cut" is the precise word to
convey his move to the hoop. A deft stab through the crowd of bystanding players
and then the flash of the dunk. It's a thrill! I say, I wanna be like Spree!

O.K., everyone will confess, he's no Jordan. He's less than Jordan, but he's
also more. When he turns, after the dunk, to float and flow back on defense, he
frowns with satisfaction, sucking in his lower lip and flourishing his fist for
the triumph of 2 points. Spree shows himself more human than Jordan ever was
(perhaps Michael was too great to be human). Not handsome, Spree's jaw is
clenched too hard, he still can't help but look angry. Achilles was known for
being angry. And Spree's eyes are too large, too expressive, too much the
self-conscious human I know I must be.

That's it, I've got to read and write till the next game (this one in Miami
today), but, boy, I'd drop all these books on God to know what it is to play
like Spree.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo (Barton Silverman/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              498 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Carpenter out to show Brewers they're all talk;
Hot Cardinals ace ignores gibes, focuses on Game 3 start today

BYLINE: Bob Nightengale, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1205 words


Chris Carpenter looked amused Tuesday, soaking it all in, smirking at the snide
comments still trickling in from the other clubhouse.

Carpenter, the St. Louis Cardinals ace, is no dummy. He recognizes the Milwaukee
Brewers' intent. They want him to snap. Lose his focus. Anything to disrupt his
next performance.

Sorry, Carpenter says, he isn't biting.

Let Brewers pitcher Zack Greinke call him a phony. Let Brewers outfielder Nyjer
Morgan (or his alter ego Tony Plush) belittle him.

Carpenter, who has pitched back-to-back shutouts on regular rest, says he plans
to do  his talking on the mound today in Game 3 of the National League
Championship Series at Busch Stadium.

"I know what they're saying," says Carpenter, 36. "They can do what they want.
They can say what they want. I don't care. I'm not concerning myself with that.

"It's called playing the game the right way. It's called being professional."

Carpenter shut out the Houston Astros on the final day of the regular season to
help the Cardinals claim the NL wild card by a game over the Atlanta Braves. He
shut out the Philadelphia Phillies to get the Cardinals into the NLCS. In his
last five starts, he is 3-0 with a 1.13 ERA.

And if it all plays out the way he and his teammates envision, they  can't wait
to see how talkative the Brewers are when today's game is over.

"You don't want to get Carp mad,"  Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse says. "He's as
intense a competitor as I've ever seen. It doesn't matter if it's on the
baseball field, playing golf, or whatever, he hates to lose.

"He can't stand it when he gives up a hit, let alone a run. When I'm on the golf
course with him, I don't even want to look at him."

It's this fierce and intense competitiveness  that makes Carpenter perhaps the
Cardinals' most intimidating pitcher since two-time Cy Young Award winner Bob
Gibson.

"You can talk to him on the days he pitches," Cardinals three-time MVP first
baseman Albert Pujols says, "but you don't joke with him."

Says Lohse: "He gets into this zone and doesn't come out of it until the game's
over. He gets so intense on the mound, he's not conscious at all what he's
doing. Maybe some teams don't like what he does, but what are you supposed to be
doing, blowing each other kisses?"

Carpenter, who grew up worshipping Boston Red Sox ace Roger Clemens,  transforms
into a raging bull on the mound. He'll snort at hitters.  And yell.

If you dig into the plate, if you showboat around the bases, if you  get too mad
after making an out, acting as if Carpenter wasn't supposed to get you out, he
will let you know his feelings.

"Carpenter has an alter ego," said Brewers left fielder Ryan Braun, who is
hitting .500 this postseason with eight RBI and seven runs. "But he's truly a
competitor. We're all aware of that."

Dealing with criticism

These two teams haven't bothered to hide their contempt for one another, and
Carpenter has been a focal point of the rivalry. The most recent episode
occurred Sept.7 when Carpenter struck out Morgan in the ninth inning. Morgan
heard Carpenter yelling at him,  turned around and tossed a wad of chewing
tobacco at him. Pujols came across the infield to confront Morgan, and both
benches and bullpens cleared.

Morgan  fired off derogatory comments about Pujols on his Twitter account,
referring to him as "Alberta" and how he hoped the Cardinals would enjoy
watching the Brewers in the playoffs. Little did Morgan realize that the
Cardinals, who were buried in the wild-card standings at the time, would
recover.

"I don't concern myself with Nyjer," Carpenter said. "I don't even know who Tony
Plush is. I don't have Twitter. I wouldn't even know what to do with it."

There was no need to have a Twitter account to fuel the latest flames. Greinke
unloaded on Carpenter in his news briefing before Game 1.

"No one really likes Carpenter," Greinke said. "His presence, his attitude out
there, is like a phony attitude. And then he yells at people. He just stares
people down and stuff. And most pitchers don't do that.  When you do that, some
people will get mad."

And some people will simply get even.

An example  of Carpenter's tenacity was on display Friday in the deciding game
of the NL Division Series.

Reigning Cy Young winner Roy Halladay gave up one run.  But Carpenter pitched a
three-hit shutout, becoming the third player in postseason history to post a
1-0, complete-game win in a deciding game.

Carpenter could barely fight back the tears as his infielders mobbed him
afterward. He and Halladay, a close friend of Carpenter's who pitched with him
when they were with the Toronto Blue Jays,  have a fishing expedition and a
Hawaii vacation  lined up next month.

"I don't think I'll forget anything about this year," Carpenter said.

It began when Adam Wainwright, his close friend and co-ace, was lost for the
season the first day of spring training, diagnosed with a torn elbow ligament.
Carpenter had one victory until June 23. The Cardinals fell behind  and were 10
games back in the wild-card race  Aug. 25.

"Everybody was writing us off," Carpenter said, "and, if you look at the
numbers, I don't see any reason why they wouldn't."

Here they  are,  jumping on the shoulders of the man who led them through
September.

"We're not here without him," Pujols says. "If not for Carp, we'd all be home."

Battling back

A symbol of Carpenter's perseverance is on  display on his lower right leg. He
has a massive tattoo, one that took two years to complete, of  koi  turning into
dragons.

"It's an old story that I found that koi fish would swim upstream, battle to get
to this big old gate," Carpenter said. "Only a few could make it, but they
continued to fight and battled and persevered. The ones that got to the golden
gate became dragons. That's the story of my career."

Carpenter, a high school hockey star who met his wife, Alyson, when she was the
team's  manager, nearly quit baseball in 2003. He had signed with the Cardinals
in the offseason but was trying to recover from a torn labrum he suffered while
with Toronto.

"I remember he said, 'I'm done. I can't do this anymore,'" Alyson said.

Alyson persuaded Carpenter to give baseball  one more shot.

He won a then-career high 15 games in 2004, the Cy Young Award in 2005 and a
World Series title in 2006. He also found a home.

Carpenter and his family (he and Alyson have two children, son Sam, 8, and
daughter Ava, 6) moved to a St. Louis suburb 15 minutes from the ballpark and
don't  plan on leaving. He signed a two-year, $21 million extension a month ago.

Alyson, who is nearly as competitive as her husband and says they had to give up
playing Scrabble because the "games never ended real well," sometimes is
surprised by what she sees on the mound.

"There will be times I'll watch him on the field, and think, 'Who is that guy?'
He just has so much emotion."

Pitching coach Dave Duncan says Carpenter's emotions don't end on the mound.
He's on the top step of the dugout, cheering the loudest, on rest days.

"All I know is that this is as much fun as I've ever had," Carpenter says. "And
now, after all we've been through, we have this great competition between us and
the Brewers.

"I respect those guys. I never said I don't like them.

"But I'm sure not ready for our season to end, either."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            June 19, 2002 Wednesday

Playing Devil Rays didn't solve Giants' hitting woes

SECTION: ART SPANDER

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


It was one of those questions that doesn't seem like much when asked but picks
up considerable significance and irony a couple of hours later following a
baseball game that probably made soccer fans of the people who dared to attend.

"How," Dusty Baker was asked, "do you feel about facing a team you haven't seen
before?" His response, safe, impartial and honest, was, "I don't know."

You never belittle an opponent, even one as awful as the Tampa Bay Devil Rays,
but hey, Dusty and the rest of us knew this interleague series that started
Tuesday night at Pacific Bell was your basic mismatch.

What nobody knew was Livan Hernandez would pitch unscheduled batting practice,
at least until he was yanked out of there in the third inning, much to the great
delight of the audience.

That the Rays have the worst record surely is because they've never before
played San Francisco.

Even the bad teams win in this sport, 33 percent of the time we're told, and
even the good teams lose, the same 33 percent of the time. But after going 5-5
in the three previous interleague series against the Yankees, Blue Jays and the
dreaded Oakland A's, the presumption was the Giants would stomp on the Devil
Rays. Instead of the stomper, however, they became the stompee.

Tampa scored three in the first, two in the second and, with the assistance of
Chad Zerbe who replaced Hernandez, two more in the third and a mere run in the
fourth. When you're behind 8-0 before coming to bat a fourth time, you're in
trouble, and the Giants definitely were, eventually losing 8-3.

The standard of baseball apathy in the Bay Area used to be a game between the
Giants and Montreal on a Monday night at Candlestick. The opening of Pac Bell
eliminated that as a benchmark, but Tuesday night against the Devil Rays is a
justifiable substitute.

No matter the announced attendance [36,869], empty seats were everywhere,
proving this interleague business is not a cure-all, particularly when the
opponent is an American League team that isn't the Yankees, Red Sox or
Athletics.

It has been understood Baker was opposed to interleague play. Dusty said that is
a misconception. He doesn't mind the Giants playing AL teams, he minds them
playing the same AL teams, which they did the first five years of interleague
play.

"We were told when it started we were going to play different divisions," Baker
pointed out, "but how long did we play the same division, the West? Five years?
I was under the impression we were going to switch every two years."

The switch was made in'02, and the Giants got the American League East, which
includes New York and Boston but also includes Tampa Bay and Baltimore. The
Orioles have a history, if not a present, but the Devil Rays arguably are the
most obscure team in the majors.

Only a couple of weeks back, when teams actually were playing teams in their own
league, a novel concept indeed, the A's swept the Devil Rays in Oakland and won
three out of four in Florida.

Match that up with Tuesday night's result, along with the fact the Athletics
took two out of three from San Francisco last weekend, and you might not be
entirely incorrect saying the A's are a better team than the Giants, difficult
as that is to accept on the West side of the Bay.

The A's were officially declared a disaster area a couple of weeks back, but
seven games against the Devil Rays, and a few other against the Milwaukee
Brewers, proved therapeutic. Maybe what the Giants need, then, is a few games
against the Devil Rays. Well, on second thought.

Baker has been rearranging his lineup almost daily, verification he doesn't like
what he's getting from a great many people not named Barry Bonds or Benito
Santiago. Reggie Sanders led off Tuesday night, and Ramon Martinez played first
instead of third in place of Damon Minor, who had been there in place of J.T.
Snow.

A team batting average below .260 isn't good enough unless the pitching is
sharp. It was for a long while. It wasn't Tuesday night.

The starter's role is to give his team a chance until late in the game. Livan
couldn't keep the Giants in it until late in the third. How do the Giants feel
about facing a club they hadn't seen before? Not very good.

Art Spander is a member of the Pro

Football Hall of Fame. He can be reached

at typoes@AOL.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              500 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            June 19, 2002 Wednesday

Playing Devil Rays didn't solve Giants' hitting woes

SECTION: NEWS & COLUMNS

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


It was one of those questions that doesn't seem like much when asked but picks
up considerable significance and irony a couple of hours later following a
baseball game that probably made soccer fans of the people who dared to attend.

"How," Dusty Baker was asked, "do you feel about facing a team you haven't seen
before?" His response, safe, impartial and honest, was, "I don't know."

You never belittle an opponent, even one as awful as the Tampa Bay Devil Rays,
but hey, Dusty and the rest of us knew this interleague series that started
Tuesday night at Pacific Bell was your basic mismatch.

What nobody knew was Livan Hernandez would pitch unscheduled batting practice,
at least until he was yanked out of there in the third inning, much to the great
delight of the audience.

That the Rays have the worst record surely is because they've never before
played San Francisco.

Even the bad teams win in this sport, 33 percent of the time we're told, and
even the good teams lose, the same 33 percent of the time. But after going 5-5
in the three previous interleague series against the Yankees, Blue Jays and the
dreaded Oakland A's, the presumption was the Giants would stomp on the Devil
Rays. Instead of the stomper, however, they became the stompee.

Tampa scored three in the first, two in the second and, with the assistance of
Chad Zerbe who replaced Hernandez, two more in the third and a mere run in the
fourth. When you're behind 8-0 before coming to bat a fourth time, you're in
trouble, and the Giants definitely were, eventually losing 8-3.

The standard of baseball apathy in the Bay Area used to be a game between the
Giants and Montreal on a Monday night at Candlestick. The opening of Pac Bell
eliminated that as a benchmark, but Tuesday night against the Devil Rays is a
justifiable substitute.

No matter the announced attendance [36,869], empty seats were everywhere,
proving this interleague business is not a cure-all, particularly when the
opponent is an American League team that isn't the Yankees, Red Sox or
Athletics.

It has been understood Baker was opposed to interleague play. Dusty said that is
a misconception. He doesn't mind the Giants playing AL teams, he minds them
playing the same AL teams, which they did the first five years of interleague
play.

"We were told when it started we were going to play different divisions," Baker
pointed out, "but how long did we play the same division, the West? Five years?
I was under the impression we were going to switch every two years."

The switch was made in'02, and the Giants got the American League East, which
includes New York and Boston but also includes Tampa Bay and Baltimore. The
Orioles have a history, if not a present, but the Devil Rays arguably are the
most obscure team in the majors.

Only a couple of weeks back, when teams actually were playing teams in their own
league, a novel concept indeed, the A's swept the Devil Rays in Oakland and won
three out of four in Florida.

Match that up with Tuesday night's result, along with the fact the Athletics
took two out of three from San Francisco last weekend, and you might not be
entirely incorrect saying the A's are a better team than the Giants, difficult
as that is to accept on the West side of the Bay.

The A's were officially declared a disaster area a couple of weeks back, but
seven games against the Devil Rays, and a few other against the Milwaukee
Brewers, proved therapeutic. Maybe what the Giants need, then, is a few games
against the Devil Rays. Well, on second thought.

Baker has been rearranging his lineup almost daily, verification he doesn't like
what he's getting from a great many people not named Barry Bonds or Benito
Santiago. Reggie Sanders led off Tuesday night, and Ramon Martinez played first
instead of third in place of Damon Minor, who had been there in place of J.T.
Snow.

A team batting average below .260 isn't good enough unless the pitching is
sharp. It was for a long while. It wasn't Tuesday night.

The starter's role is to give his team a chance until late in the game. Livan
couldn't keep the Giants in it until late in the third. How do the Giants feel
about facing a club they hadn't seen before? Not very good.

Art Spander is a member of the Pro

Football Hall of Fame. He can be reached

at typoes@AOL.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
